Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Morgan Piersonto demolish the three-family residential buildinglocated at 1-3 Sinclair Roadin Allston, MA 02134.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on May 4, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Did you know that Boston's transit system has shrunk rather than grown overthe past 100 years?This map, printed for Boston's 300th birthday celebration, shows Boston'sexpansive transit system in 1930.In addition to the subway and elevated rail, a large network of trolley lines connected Boston's neighborhoods. The trolley lines in the map above are indicated with the yellow lines. Bostonians used trolleys to travel in their local neighborhoods and to make connections to high-speed transit lines. This photo shows Bostonians waiting for a trolley on Blue Hill Avenue in 1929.In 1930, almost 75% of the people traveling in and out of downtown Boston either used this public transit system or walked.This 1927 graph shows the modes of transportation that people used to enter and exit Bostons downtown area.In contrast to 1930, about 40% of Bostonians currentlydrive to work alone. The pie chart below shows how Bostonians currently commute to and from work.This is unsustainable as we grow, unaffordable for many, and perpetuates high greenhouse-gas emissions.As our City looks towards its 400th birthday, we'removing forward by moving backward at least when it comes to public transit! We're investingin transportation infrastructure that will move Bostonians efficiently and reliably to and fromhome, work, and school. We're also working to make public transit options a workable reality for Bostonians in all of Boston's neighborhoods.
TheU.S. News &World Reports recently announced theirannual rankings for vacation spots. The magazine ranked Boston as thebest summer vacation destinationin the United States. Boston also topped the list ofweekend getawaysin New Englandandplaces to visit in August.Boston ranked third on the list ofbest summer vacation destinationsin the world (behind Paris and Florence!) and fifth forbest family summer vacations.In naming Boston the top summer vacation destination in the country, U.S. News & World Report reports, Fenway Park welcomes baseball lovers, the Freedom Trail invites history buffs to a scavenger hunt of historic sites, and Little Italy andFaneuilHall Marketplace beckon to foodies. Visitors can also check out numerous breweries or plan their vacation around one of several festivals held over the summer.U.S. News & World Report says its methodology for travel rankings is to base them on an analysis of expert and user opinions. We believe this unbiased approach makes our rankings more useful than simply providing our editors personal opinions, the website states.In a press release from theGreater Boston Convention & Visitors Bureau, CEO PatrickMoscaritolosays, These extraordinarily high marks and top rankingsdidnt happen by accident. This is the result of years of effort by Mayor Walsh, City agencies, the Bureau and our members to position Boston across the globe as a unique, cross-cultural, and exciting destination for visitors.To prepare for your visit to Boston, check out ourguide to visiting Boston.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined City Councilor Josh Zakim and city officials to sign an ordinance increasing access to voter registration. The new legislation aims to provide more opportunities for residents to submit voter registration forms when routinely interacting with City departments and agencies such as the Boston Public Library, the Boston Transportation Department, Boston Public Schools, and the Boston Centers for Youth & Families. The ordinance passed the Boston City Council unanimously earlier this month.""Voting is an important right and pillar of our democracy,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Boston is leading the way on reducing barriers to voter registration that disproportionately impact some communities over others. From signing up for a residential parking sticker to enrolling a child in Boston Public Schools, we will provide new opportunities to residents to complete this important step in getting their voice heard in Boston, in the Commonwealth, and in this country.""""I'm thrilled that Mayor Walsh agrees with me on the importance of reducing barriers to voter registration, and that the city is doing all that we can to encourage more people to register and to vote,"" said City Councilor Josh Zakim. ""Soon, it will be much easier for all eligible Bostonians to have their voices heard by exercising one of their most sacred civil rights -- the right to vote.""The Boston Public Library and the Boston Center for Youth & Families will ensure that voter registration forms are available in easy to access locations at all branches and centers. When applying for a library card, residents will also receive a voter registration form.All Boston Public Schools Welcome Centers and high schools will provide pre-registration information and forms to all students eligible to pre-register to vote, and will also be provided to parents or legal guardians when registering children for school. Boston Public Schools will also develop a policy to ensure that as many eligible students as possible have the opportunity to vote on Election Day.The Boston Transportation Department will provide registration materials to individuals applying for or renewing resident parking permits.City departments and agencies will deliver any completed voter registration forms to the Boston's Elections Department to be added to the voter registration system.For more information on voting and elections in the city of Boston, please visit theCity of Boston's Elections Department."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Morgan Piersonto demolish the four-family residential buildinglocated at 2 Sinclair Roadin Allston, MA 02134.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on May 4, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Morgan Piersonto demolish the two-family residentialbuilding and single-story two-car garagelocated at 37North Beacon Streetin Allston, MA 02134.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on May 4, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
The annual Greek Independence Day Parade will be held on Sunday, April 22, 2018, in the City of Bostons Back Bay neighborhood. People coming into Boston to enjoy the festivities are urged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Blue Bikes, the regional bike share system, may be found at on theHubway websiteand information on theMBTA may be found online. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around the City of Boston.The parade will assemble at 12 Noon on Boylston Street from Hereford Street to Fairfield Street on Hereford Street from Newbury Street to Boylston Street and on Gloucester Street from Newbury Street to Boylston Street. The parade will begin at 1PM on Boylston Street at Fairfield Street, turn left on Charles Street and turn right into the Boston Common at Charles Street and Boylston Street. Assembly streets will be closed to vehicular traffic beginning at 12 Noon. The parade route will be closed to vehicular traffic shortly before 1 PM.In addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
"Building on the Walsh Administrations commitment to providing opportunities for safe and affordable housing, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the 2018 Fair Housing and Equity (FHE) Open House, which will take place on Saturday, April 21 at 10:00 a.m. at the Bolling Building in Dudley Square, and is free and open to all residents who live or rent property in the City of Boston.Safe and stable housing is the foundation to a persons future success, said Mayor Walsh. My administration is committed to providing the resources to equip residents with the information and tools they might need to overcome housing challenges. We will continue our important work to increase equity and opportunities in housing for all Bostonians.The Open House will provide individuals with the opportunity to learn about City and nonprofit services that investigate housing discrimination, provide affordable and income-restricted housing, and other housing resources.""Mayor Walsh is committed to creating every opportunity for residents to access and keep affordable housing in Boston, said Bostons Health & Human Services Chief, Marty Martinez. The Fair Housing Open House is an opportunity for residents, regardless of zip code or status, to obtain the tools needed to access Boston's affordable and income-restricted housing stock, and to learn about various services available to prevent and challenge housing discrimination.Housing discrimination hurts communities and the Office of Fair Housing & Equity is an invaluable resource to Boston in working to end that discrimination through education and enforcement, said Jamie Langowski, Esq, Assistant Director & Clinical Fellow Housing Discrimination Testing Program at Suffolk University Law School.The Open House will facilitate panel discussions, presentations, and outreach materials all related to affordable housing and preventing housing discrimination in Boston. Boston residents, or soon to be residents, are encouraged to attend the Open House.50 years after the Fair Housing Act was born, HUD remains firmly committed to creating a nation where every person has the same access to housing and economic opportunity, said Susan Forward, HUD New England Regional Director of Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity. It is in this spirit that we are excited to join the City of Bostons Office of Fair Housing in educating landlords and renters about housing discrimination rights and responsibilities at The Boston Fair Housing Open House.April 11th marks the 50th anniversary of the passage of the Fair Housing Act. The passage of the Act ensured protections against discrimination of housing based on race, color, national origin, sex, familial status or disability.The Mayors Office of Fair Housing and Equity implements these protections by investigating housing discrimination. FHE also protects residents by enforcing Affirmative Marketing policies that promote equal opportunity for residents to learn about new affordable and income restricted housing opportunities in Boston."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launched Boston's new investor outreach platform,BuyBostonBonds.com. Building on Mayor Walsh's commitment to fiscal transparency and stability, the new website is the latest step in the city's continued efforts to optimize financial disclosure and will feature details on sales, existing bonds, credit ratings and other investor resources. The website is designed to drive investment in Boston's debt, which helps pay for capital projects and investments the City makes.""Over the past three years Boston has maintained a perfect AAA bond rating, and we're committed to maintaining a strong fiscal foundation so we can invest in projects like our new Dearborn STEM Academy in Roxbury or new investments in Franklin Park -- services our residents depend on,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage investors to visit this new resource, and learn more about how they can invest in Boston's thriving economy.""Featuring nearly 6,000 pages of data and documents, Boston's new site offers a corporate-style investor platform to provide insight into the financial data that underpin its AAA bond ratings. Potential bondholders, from large institutional investors to smaller local investors, will benefit from the easy-to-use, easy-to navigate website. Investors will realize efficiency gains through the new BuyBostonBonds.com website's various tools, and will have the opportunity to register for alerts as the City adds new financial data and schedules future bond sales.These latest investor tools are powered by BondLink, a Boston-based financial technology company that provides investor outreach solutions to issuers in the $4 trillion municipal bond market. The company is based in the Seaport District, and powers the investor outreach programs for other issuers, including the State of California, the City of Chicago and the University of Texas.""Boston is one of the top-rated cities in the U.S. and we couldn't be more excited to partner with it to enhance its investor outreach,"" said Colin MacNaught, BondLink CEO. ""We're working with major governments across the country, but BondLink is based here and that makes this partnership special as we're rapidly growing our team. Our goal with Boston is to open up its bond sales so that more investors can participate and support the City's infrastructure investments.""Academic research shows that better disclosure to bond investors can lower yields for issuers such as Boston. BondLink's technology makes it easier for Boston to engage with its investors, using enhanced transparency to the bond market to attract more investors and diversify its existing investor base. Using a dedicated investor website for disclosure also follows best practices from government finance organizations such as the Government Finance Officers Association.The long-term goal of this investor platform is ultimately to drive increased demand for Boston bonds, as a deeper, more diverse investor pool is key to optimizing overall borrowing costs.The BondLink platform builds on Mayor Walsh's commitment to financial responsibility throughout the City of Boston. Over the past five years, Boston's revenue has grown by 25 percent, and has added 80,000 new jobs over the last four years. Earlier this month, Mayor Walshpresented hisFiscal Year 2019 (FY19) budget proposal, a plan that affirms a commitment to progress, opportunity and innovation by investing in Boston's neighborhoods, while building on the City's strong record of proactive fiscal management. The $3.29 billion plan builds on the Walsh Administration's commitment to accelerating progress in key areas, investing in a growing middle class through strong 21st-century schools good jobs affordable homes in safe neighborhoods providing pathways to opportunities supporting public safety for a growing city and improving core city services to benefit all residents.Led by founders Colin MacNaught, CEO, and Carl Query, CTO, BondLink helps issuers in the $4 trillion municipal bond market attract more investors through better disclosure and enhanced technology. BondLink enables institutional investors to automate their credit surveillance of an issuer, and makes it easier for smaller investors, including individuals, to participate in public bond sales.Since going live in 2016, BondLink's investor platform has helped states, counties, cities, school districts, universities, hospitals, public utilities and ports across the country improve their transparency to the bond market. Headquartered in Boston, BondLink is backed by top investors, including Franklin Templeton Investments, one of the largest municipal bond fund managers in the country, as well as Coatue and Accomplice."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced nominations are now open for SPARK Boston's 2017-2018 Impact Awards. The annual Impact Awards shine a spotlight on young adults aged 20-34 doing outstanding work to improve the City of Boston. Nomination forms areavailable online, and will remain open throughFriday, May 18, 2018. ""Boston is a city shaped by the actions and leadership of our residents, and our millennial population works especially hard to make their mark on our community,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Impact Awards reflect the City's appreciation for this generation and the emerging leaders in our neighborhoods and industries.""""The Impact Awards are a grassroots recognition of Boston's leaders between the ages of 20 to 34,"" said Amy Mahler, SPARK Boston Director. ""Nominees are submitted from our community, reviewed by our selection committee composed of SPARK Council members, and voted on by the Boston community. If you are or know of someone who deserves an Impact Award, nominate them today.""""The most amazing thing about the Impact Awards is being recognized by your peers and fellow change agents in communities across Boston,"" said Matt Parker, 2016 Impact Award winner and 2017-2018 SPARK Council Member. ""SPARK and the City of Boston creates platforms lifting up the millennials that strive to lift up this great city. I am humble and blessed to receive such an award and look forward to this year's recipients.""This year's award categories reflect the diverse ways millennial residents act as leaders and change-makers in Boston:Arts & Culture:Visionaries who weave arts and culture into the fabric of our communities to engage and inspire those around them.Entrepreneurship & Innovation:Civic innovators who help our city attract and keep talented people, expand economic opportunity and create a culture of engagement.Activism & Issue Advocacy:Emerging leaders elevating the voices of young Bostonians on the issues that impact us all.Public Service & Civic Leadership:Public servants, elected officials and other civic leaders working to ensure strong democracy and successful governance in our city.Community Building & Neighborhood Improvement:Engaged citizens who work collaboratively to strengthen their neighborhoods and promote their communities' interests.""Unsung Heroes"":Outstanding teachers, social workers, nurses, emergency responders and human services professionals whose everyday dedication supports a healthy, thriving city.Nominees must be between the ages of 20-34 and live/work in Boston to be considered. A selection committee comprised of members of the SPARK Boston Council will review all nominations and select the top nominees in each category. A round of online voting will follow, and winners will be announced at the SPARK Impact Award ceremony in June. To nominate a friend, colleague, neighbor or yourself,click here.Boston is home to a large and diverse millennial population. SPARK Boston is a City of Boston initiative that aims to empower the millennial generation to play a greater role in planning for the future of our city.SPARK Boston focuses on engaging the next generation of civic leaders and social entrepreneurs in the work of city government. This will shape how the City designs and develops policies, convenes stakeholders for important initiatives and works collaboratively with young people to shape Boston's future."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with the Boston Art Commission (BAC), today announced the City of Boston issued a Request for Proposals (RFP) for qualified consultants to carry out a robust public engagement process and communications campaign that will culminate in the selection of an artist to design a memorial to honor the survivors and victims of domestic terrorism and violence, as well as celebrate Bostons peacekeepers and healers. This process will ensure that the call for artists, as well as the final artwork reflects the resilience and resolve of the people of Boston in the face of unspeakable loss and tragedy.The Consultant will be responsible for managing the public and stakeholder engagement of the project to inform a successful artist selection and memorial design process. The RFP will not determine the artist selected for the project.On April 15, 2013, the city of Boston changed forever, said Mayor Walsh. Sunday was the five year anniversary of this tragic event, and its important for us to collectively honor the victims, the hundreds of runners and spectators who were injured, and the countless heroes who stepped in and offered vital support. This memorial will serve as a testament to the spirit and resiliency of the people of Boston, and a way to honor those we have lost, and those who are still healing.The City of Boston seeks a thorough public engagement process to ensure an inclusive dialogue that speaks to the resilience and spirit of all. The City is encouraging a breadth of engagement methods including public town-hall style meetings, digital campaigns, exhibits or hands-on activities, marketing and outreach through multimedia, with consideration for translation and maximizing access to participation.The engagement process will ensure that the subsequent artist selection process, as well as the final memorial artwork, incorporates the vision of all stakeholders.During the Boston Creates planning process, a prominent issue we found with the Citys arts and culture sector is that it contains barriers to full inclusion and participation, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. When commissioning a piece of public art that reflects such a far-reaching tragedy as the Boston Marathon Bombings, it is essential to develop a community engagement process that allows the voice of every Boston resident to be heard.A mayoral-appointed Memorial Advisory Committee will oversee the entire project and a City of Boston staff memorial team will assist with administration and implementation.Both the memorial itself and the process of creating a memorial are important, because they symbolize the caring for victims and survivors by a government or community and serve to reassure us that such evil will be met with even greater good, said Dr. Kermit A. Crawford, who served as the Executive Director of the Massachusetts Marathon Bombing Victims/Survivors Resiliency Center through August of 2017. The Memorial will honor those lost and be a lasting tribute to the strength and resilience of those who survived the tragic events on April 15th almost five years ago. When done right, with inclusion of voices of those who suffered inconsolable losses and with the voices of the survivors, memorials can promote a sense of healing, recovery, reconciliation and acceptance.Two markers have been separately commissioned to honor and remember the three lives that were lost on Boylston Street on April 15, 2013. While that is a distinct project, the markers should be taken into consideration in the greater community process and final memorial design.The RFP is open to all arts consultants, artists, architects, landscape architects, historians, scholars or teams with relevant experience in project management, meeting facilitation, design competitions, community and stakeholder engagement, media and marketing campaigns, museum exhibit design and site responsive design. Experience with public art and those with a background in trauma are encouraged to apply.The RFP (Boston Marathon Memorial Community Engagement and Communications, EV00005368)is available here. All questions regarding the RFP are due to the City by April 27, 2018, and the deadline to submit proposals is June 4, 2018. The consultant will be selected in June 2018.The City of Boston, the Boston Art Commission, and the consultant will manage the design and installation of the work with the artist, maintain a schedule, as well as facilitate meetings on design and feasibility. Final budget for the artwork will be included in the call for artists and finalized by the City. The City expects the final memorial to be unveiled in spring of 2021.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from David Winickto demolish the commercial buildinglocated at 390 Dorchester Street in South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 27, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"The grant, from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts' Division of Banks, is part of$1.5 million in statewide grants from the Division of Banksthat will fund first-time homeownership counseling programs and foreclosure prevention education centers throughout the Commonwealth. The City's grant funding will be applied to its foreclosure prevention and home preservation counseling programs.""I am proud of the progress we've made on preventing foreclosures, and this grant will help the Boston Home Center continue its important work, making sure homeowners are able to stay in their homes,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I want to thank the Commonwealth for their partnership and the important progress we have made creating stable housing for families in Boston. Boston will continue to be a city that works to strengthen and support its middle class.""The announcement of the new funding award comes as the City'sDepartment of Neighborhood Development(DND), which tracks foreclosure data, released its latestForeclosure Trends Report. The released report notes that from 2016 to 2017, foreclosure petitions -- the first step in the foreclosure process -- decreased by 22 percent, while completed foreclosures decreased by 15 percent.The Boston Home Center'sforeclosure preventionand intervention services have been extremely effective. Among the top ten most populous Massachusetts cities, Boston ranks ninth in the rate of foreclosure petitions and foreclosure deeds per 1,000 residential parcels, while Boston's foreclosure petition rate and foreclosure deed rates are 30 percent lower than the statewide rate for petitions and less than half the statewide rate of foreclosures, respectively.Working with community partners, the Boston Home Center identifies and proactively reaches out to homeowners early in the foreclosure process, before homeowners are either petitioned or foreclosed upon. As a result, the Boston Home Center and its partners in the non-profit community were able to successfully prevent 262 homeowners from being foreclosed upon in 2017.The BHC will use these new funds to:Maintain and expand the foreclosure prevention and intervention work of the Boston Home Center and its nonprofit counseling partnersExpand marketing and outreach for the Boston Home Center's foreclosure programEstablish new partnerships with key organizations assisting homeowners andCreate programs serving linguistic minority groups in all Boston neighborhoods.The new grant will also help fund partner non-profit agencies who provide regional foreclosure prevention counseling services, and help those agencies better market their prevention programs. Non-profit partners provide free confidential foreclosure counseling to Boston homeowners. Helping homeowners make sound financial decisions has proven to be the most effective way of keeping foreclosures in check and stabilizing Boston's housing market. To that end, Boston Home Center serves as a one-stop resource for Boston residents, providing them with thetoolsthey need to purchase a new home, helping homeowners with neededrepairs, and counseling homeowners who are facing credit or financial problems.Building on his commitment to make housing more accessible to all, and to assist those experiencing housing crisis,last week Mayor Walsh proposed additional housing investments in the Fiscal Year 2019 budget proposal. Through the Office of Housing Stability, which aims to support renters in housing crisis, preserve tenancy and prevent displacement, Mayor Walsh is proposing investments to expand the capacity and effectiveness, including:$150,000 for flexible financial assistance for low and moderate income households facing a housing crisis who are not eligible for existing programs$125,000 for expanded legal representation and stabilization services for renters facing eviction in Housing Court and District Court$35,000 increase for the Emergency Housing Assistance Program to assist residents displaced by fire, condemnation, natural disaster and other eventsFunding for an additional case manager to support renters facing housing crisis and additional staff at the Elderly Commission to support tenant or home-owning seniors with their housing needs.To date, the Walsh Administration has committed more than $100 million in funding to the creation and preservation of affordable housing. Today's announcement builds on the City's preservation and anti-displacement goals, outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, Mayor Walsh's housing plan, and the housing goals laid out inImagine Boston 2030, Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years. As part of both plans, Boston has prioritized increasing the overall housing supply, with a focus on creating and preserving affordable housing."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Barry Ostrow with the JewishCemetery Association of Massachusettsto demolish the dwelling and storage shed at 2659 Centre Street in West Roxbury, MA 02132.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 23, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Last month, the City of Boston asked for information on how to develop and manage a municipal electricity aggregation program. We shared the request with energy experts, environmental non-profits, and community groups. It was open to any respondent. After a month, we received 19 responses and wanted to share what we heard.What we heardMost of the responses touched on energy procurement strategies. This means the different approaches to purchasing electricity in a competitive market. We also heard a lot on how to structure an aggregation program, meaning the nuts and bolts of making it work. Here are the takeaways:What we didnt learn (and hoped we would have)Estimates on Cost Savings. We invited vendors to share historical price data to estimate CCA cost savings to ratepayers. We did not get a single response that would allow us to perform these calculations. We hoped to learn this information to help justify investment in a CCA program. In its absence, Carbon Free Boston will continue to study the costs and benefits of a CCA to inform next steps.The responses raised some new questions and left gaps in others, such as:  What pricing should Boston customers expect with an aggregation?  How do we build an effective community process for Boston?  Will the aggregation be a strong tool for reducing Boston's greenhouse gas emission?  Is an ""adder"" the right component for Boston's aggregation to pay for administration costs?You can view an easy-to-read breakdown of the responses in this spreadsheet. You can also access the complete responses in this Google Folder.What is a municipal electricity aggregation program?A municipal electricity aggregation is when a city or town bulk purchases electricity for its community. It is also known as community choice aggregation or community choice energy. Within an aggregation, the city or town selects the electricity supply for its residents and small businesses. This supply of electricity is set as the new default service for customers. That means that customers will enroll in this service unless they choose not to. An aggregation may add more renewable energy content in its supply of energy than what is already required by state regulations. You can learn more about aggregations here on the MA Department of Public Utility website.How electricity gets from source to homeWhen you pay your electric bill each month, you pay for two primary services. You pay for the actual generation of electricity, or supply, which can come from a variety of sources. Those sources may include power plants, wind farms, hydroelectric dams, or solar panels. You also pay for the distribution, or delivery, of that energy to get to your home or business.Anyone in Massachusetts can choose to buy their electricity from any approved energy supplier. If you do not make that choice, you are automatically enrolled in your utility's default electric service plan. In Boston, Eversource is the utility that delivers our electricity. The MA Department of Public Utility requires Eversource to go out and buy electricity on a regular basis to set its default service plan. This gives Eversource a competitive edge because it represents all of these customer accounts. Eversource passes the entire cost of electricity to its customers.For more about the electric industry, check out the MA Department of Public Utility website.Receiving these responses is an important first step in understanding how the City of Boston will proceed with its aggregation. As we move forward, we expect to refer to these responses to build out a successful program. Our analysis does not stop here. We will continue to rely on the insight of experts, including those who are leading Carbon Free Boston. We will continue to seek input from the community as we determine next steps. For more information, sign up for Greenovate Boston and check back here.Note: You can learn more about how Carbon Free Boston is evaluating all of our different policy options, including CCA."
"Every Aprilsince 1987, the National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence(NCADD) has sponsored Alcohol Awareness Month. Their goal is to ""increase public awareness and understanding, reduce stigma and encourage local communities to focus on alcoholism and alcohol-related issues.""Each year, the organization chooses a theme for Aprilto help spread information about a specific aspect of the topic. This years theme is ""Changing Attitudes: Its not a rite of passage'."" The education and resources provided are aimed at our youth, who are struggling with alcohol use at alarming rates. There are also resources available for parents, encouraging them to have honest conversations with their kids about this difficult topic.The NCADD site has a self-test for those who are unsure about the type of support they need, referral services, recovery stories, and much more. If you or someone you love is struggling with alcohol use, this is a great place to start and get the help you need.Here in Boston, the Office of Recovery Servicesis a wonderful local resource for finding help. They can be reached by calling 311 or 617-635-4500.Alcoholism is the number one public health issue in our country. Most of us have someone in our lives that is affected by this issue,and it can be overwhelming to know how to best care for them. Additional local resources are listed in our comprehensive Resource List. Treatment is available and recovery is possible."
When we began the Boston Creates planning process, we heard from many artists that there was a need for more professional development opportunities and educational resources in Boston for artists to be able to develop financial literacy, strong marketing skills, and other tactics that would help them succeed. There was also a strong need for more grant funding, and a larger investment in individual artists.Thats why we were so excited to partner with Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art (Mass MoCA)s Assets for Artists project, which provides artists in all disciplines with professional development workshops, financial and business coaching, grants, and artist residencies to strengthen their financial and business capacity and help them sustain a lifetime of creative excellence.This is the second year that we have helped bring Assets for Artists Matched Savings Program to the City of Boston. The program provides participants with mini-grants to match their savings progress, and the combined amount is used by the artist toward implementing their career plan. Artists selected to receive grants also get free professional development services and free one-on-one coaching as part of the program. This year, we funded 10 slots specifically for Boston-based artists.The 2018 Boston-based artists accepted into the Matched Savings Program are fashion designer Cassandra Cacoq, dancer Jesse Jeanne Stinnett, painter Sawool Kim, muralist Lena McCarthy, journalist Candace McDuffie, musician Andria Nicodemou, musician Sara Pajunen, sculptor Gianna Stewart, musician Billy Dean Thomas, and multimedia artist Ngoc-Tran Vu. Learn more about the artists and their work here.By investing in individual artists in this way, were ensuring that they have the resources and assistance they need to stay in the City of Boston and be successful in their careers. We cant wait to see how else we can work with organizations to support local artists in the future. One thing we have coming up is our free workshop on How to Make the Most of Open Studios, where artists will learn the ins an outs of arts marketing, and how to improve their outreach through social media, e-marketing, print materials, engagement, and follow-up. This is a great opportunity for artists looking for ways to sell their work and capture the interest of potential buyers, and we encourage you to join us on May 20th from 2-4 p.m. at the Central Branch of the Boston Public Library.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Matthew Penninoto demolish the three-family house at 40-42 Hichborn Street garage at 46 HichbornStreet and three-family house at 48-50 HichbornStreet in Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 20, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"TD Bank and the Arbor Day Foundation announced that the Boston Parks and Recreation Department will receive a $20,000 TD Green Streets grant that will be used to increase the tree canopy in dense urban neighborhoods of Boston while also increasing resident access to natural spaces.Boston was one of 10 cities that received grants of up to $20,000 from TD Green Streets this year for innovative urban greening and tree-planting projects in low- to moderate-income areas.Through this project, BPRD will work with the Charles River Watershed Association, a nonprofit dedicated to restoring the Charles River and its watershed, and the Southwest Boston Community Development Corporation, which hires a seasonal Green Team youth conservation corps, to host ecology-based workshops and trainings and enhance access to and appreciation for Sherrin Woods Urban Wild, a large 24-acre natural area located in the diverse, inner-city Environmental Justice community of Hyde Park.We welcome this partnership as an opportunity to further our own plans to make Boston an even greener and healthier city, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. The TD Green Streets grant will be put to good use at Sherrin Woods, which provides residents with significant open space perfect for walks and observing nature.A public event will be held at Sherrin Woods on Friday, July 27, at 10 a.m. to celebrate the project which, in addition to environmental workshops, includes planting 10 new street trees along Hyde Park Avenue. An additional 83 saplings will be planted within Sherrin Woods itself to restore native species and increase tree biodiversity.""TD Bank is committed to enhancing urban tree canopies and green space as part of our vision to support the transition to a low-carbon economy and nurture sustainability in the communities we serve,"" said Joseph Doolan, TD Bank's Head of Environmental Affairs. ""Through our longstanding partnership with the Arbor Day Foundation, we are supporting innovative community programs that do more than beautify underserved urban neighborhoods  trees improve air quality, capture carbon emissions, and enhance the quality of life.""TD Bank provides the funding for the grants, which are awarded annually for tree planting, maintenance costs and educational activities, and the Arbor Day Foundation administers the program. TD Green Streets is a component of TD Forests, a North American initiative aimed at growing urban forests, protecting critical forest habitats and encouraging responsible use of forest products.We're excited to partner with TD Bank to support 10 cities that are deeply committed to urban forestry, which produces clear benefits for our communities and the environment, said Matt Harris, chief executive of the Arbor Day Foundation.To be eligible for a grant, qualified municipalities must be current Arbor Day Foundation Tree City USA-designated communities within TD Bank's U.S. footprint, with the submitted project occurring in a low- to-moderate income area of the local community. Tree City USA is the nation's premier urban and community forestry program, providing a foundation for effective, well-organized community tree care.Additional cities receiving 2018 TD Green Streets grants are: Myrtle Beach, SC Clinton, SC Providence, RI Philadelphia, PA New York, NY Plainfield, NJ Clifton, NJ Oakland Park, FL and Delray Beach, FL.For more information, visit the TD Green Sheets website.The Arbor Day Foundation is a million-member nonprofit conservation and education organization with a mission to inspire people to plant, nurture, and celebrate trees. More information on the Foundation and its programs can be found at on the Arbor Day website.TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is one of the 10 largest banks in the U.S., providing more than 9 million customers with a full range of retail, small business and commercial banking products and services at more than 1,200 convenient locations throughout the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, Metro D.C., the Carolinas and Florida. In addition, TD Bank and its subsidiaries offer customized private banking and wealth management services through TD Wealth, and vehicle financing and dealer commercial services through TD Auto Finance. TD Bank is headquartered in Cherry Hill, N.J. To learn more, visit TD Bank's website. Find TD Bank on Facebookand on Twitter.TD Bank, America's Most Convenient Bank, is a member of TD Bank Group and a subsidiary of The Toronto-Dominion Bank of Toronto, Canada, a top 10 financial services company in North America. The Toronto-Dominion Bank trades on the New York and Toronto stock exchanges under the ticker symbol ""TD"". To learn more, visitTD Bank's website."
"Boston youth ages 16-18 are invited to apply now for Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Snap Shot Teen Photography Program. This unique summer job program is made possible via a partnership between BCYF and the John Hancock MLK Summer Scholars Program. The BCYF Snap Shot program teaches youth about photography while they explore Bostons neighborhoods, museums and historic sites. The young people also photograph many BCYF community centers, programs and events.This is a great summer employment opportunity for teens that are interested in learning photography while exploring our City and making new friends,"" said William Morales, Commissioner of BCYF. ""I want to thank John Hancocks MLK Scholars Program for being a longtime supporter of this program.A professional photographer teaches the program. Participants learn about different techniques, equipment and concepts. They are also introduced to a variety of professional photographers through books, websites and exhibitions in art galleries and museums around Boston. The program also includes field trips to different neighborhoods in Boston. At the end of the summer, their work is showcased at an exhibition.I wanted to participate in the snapshot program not just because its a summer job, but to learn something new, said Denaya, age 17, who participated last summer. During the Snap Shot Program, I made new friends, explored Boston, and learned how to work a digital camera.The program will run from Monday, July 2 through Friday, August 17. Participants will work 20 hours each week. Interested young people can apply by visiting BCYFs website at Boston.Gov/BCYF. Deadline for applying is Friday, June 1. For more information, contact Donna.Reeves@Boston.Gov.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayors Summer Jobs Program."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today presented his Fiscal Year 2019 (FY19) budget proposal, a plan that affirms a commitment to progress, opportunity and innovation by investing in Boston's neighborhoods, while building on the City's strong record of proactive fiscal management. The $3.29 billion plan builds on the Walsh Administration's commitment to accelerating progress in key areas, investing in a growing middle class through strong 21st-century schools good jobs affordable homes in safe neighborhoods providing pathways to opportunities supporting public safety for a growing city and improving core city services to benefit all residents.The FY19 budget represents a $137 million (4.3 percent) increase over FY18. Funding for city services, such as streets, parks, public health and public safety will grow by $43 million, including $12 million in new data-driven investments, and funding for the Boston Public Schools (BPS) will grow by $48 million.""This budget represents an investment in our values as a city, and will allow us to build upon the strong foundations we've set in supporting all of Boston neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""A strong middle class means a strong Boston, and I am proud that the City's strategic management of finances will allow us to maintain our focus on advancing the prosperity of our city and our people as we continue on our path of unprecedented growth into the years ahead.""""By tackling our long-term liabilities, controlling costs and using data to drive City spending, the Mayor has prioritized strong financial management,"" said Emme Handy, Chief Financial Officer for the City of Boston. ""This commitment has allowed the City to make record investments in our priorities, while sustaining our AAA bond rating that will contribute to our City's long-term prosperity.""""In his first term in office, Mayor Walsh has improved outcomes across the spectrum of City services, from education to housing, economic security to quality of life, and open space to the arts,"" said Justin Sterritt, Budget Director for the City of Boston. ""The FY19 budget proposes to build on those successes and make real, meaningful changes to the future of Boston's landscape.""Mayor Walsh today presented a balanced budget that maintains a high level of support in critical areas, made possible as a result of years of the Administration's achievements in identifying efficiencies and savings. For four consecutive years, the City's data-driven managerial approach has been validated by the affirmation of Boston's AAA bond rating, the highest rating possible. Responsible budgeting, cost containment, data-based decisions, proactive management and long-term planning will ensure the City will maintain that rating into the future.To continue investing in the areas that will keep Boston thriving, as net state aid continues to decline, the City has implemented a number of cost savings reforms in FY19 that will save the City millions,including:The City's efforts to control health care costs are yielding tangible results and have saved $50 million since FY15. In FY19, the City will move to nearly fully self insured resulting in an additional $1.7 million in new savings in FY19.BPS and the City continue to review central office and transportation spending for savings, and identified $2 million in health insurance savings that will be redirected back into more nurses, counselors and psychologist.Annually, the City reviews positions and for next year has eliminated 10 long term vacant positions, resulting in $400,000 in savings for FY19.The City is constantly reviewing energy and fuel pricing, and favorable market changes resulted in $500,000 energy savings at departments citywide.And finally building off a successful pilot of bringing street sweeping internal to the City for 1 district, the City will expand to a 2nd city district in FY19, saving $200,000These savings allow the City to ensure services are more efficient, effective and responsive to the needs of Boston's residents than ever before.The Boston School Committee recentlyapproved a $1.109 billion budget for the Boston Public Schools (BPS), marking the highest budget in history, and representing a $48 million increase over last year's budget. With this investment, Mayor Walsh has increased funding for BPS' annual budget by over $170 million (18 percent) since taking office. During the same time, BPS has continued to achieve its highest four-year high-school graduation rate and more high-ranking Level 1 and 2 schools than ever before.Funding directed to schools will increase by almost six percent next year, a $40 million increase over last year. This includes approximately $30 million toward higher teacher salaries and an additional $10 million in supports for students with the highest need. The FY19 budget also invests in expanding successful programs that close opportunity and achievement gaps, including an empowerment program for young men of color and Excellence for All. The budget also maintains funding for signature investments in education such as extended learning time, hiring effective teachers, and early childhood education. As a result of cost-savings achieved from strong fiscal management, the budget will include a new $2.4 million investment that will fund eight additional nurses and 12 additional psychologists and social workers.""We are all grateful to Mayor Walsh for once again putting Boston Public Schools' students first,"" said Boston School Committee Chairperson Michael Loconto. ""Our school staff assist students with real-life issues that go beyond academics everyday. It is heartening to see the City of Boston using savings to invest in our students despite declining state aid.""Through the strategies outlined inHousing A Changing City: Boston 2030,the Administration's plan to accommodate Boston's growth, more than 26,000 new housing units have been completed or are currently in construction, and another 26,000 under review. This represents 98 percent of the target outlined in the housing plan, and represents 52,000 of the Administration's goal of creating 53,000 units of housing by 2030.To support the growth of housing at all income levels, Mayor Walsh will double the Department of Neighborhood Development's down payment assistance program to $1 million, allowing dozens of middle-class families to access zero-interest loans to cover down payments.In addition, through the Office of Housing Stability, which aims to support renters in housing crisis, preserve tenancy and prevent displacement, Mayor Walsh is proposing investments to expand the capacity and effectiveness, including:$150,000 for flexible financial assistance for low and moderate income households facing a housing crisis who are not eligible for existing programs$125,000 for expanded legal representation and stabilization services for renters facing eviction in Housing Court and District Court$35,000 increase for the Emergency Housing Assistance Program to assist residents displaced by fire, condemnation, natural disaster and other eventsFunding for an additional case manager to support renters facing housing crisis and additional staff at the Elderly Commission to support tenant or home-owning seniors with their housing needs.Mayor Walsh recognizes that a growing city needs to have robust public safety services. To that end, theFY19 budget will further invest in the Boston Police Department's ongoing workin strengthening community relationships and prevention programs, securing a force reflective of the communities in which it serves, providing supports to reduce the effects of trauma and recidivism, and keeping residents safe and healthy in all neighborhoods across the city. In FY19, public safety costs are rising by 4 percent in FY19, and will go towards investments including:Growing the size of the police force by 30 officers to reach a total of over 2,210 officersBuilding on the continued success of recruiting a diverse police cadet class in FY18, another cadet class of 20 will be added in spring 2019Setting aside $2 million towards a phase-in of police worn body cameras, pending the results of findings from the final report by Northeastern UniversityInvesting in technological advancements including mobile devices to officers not assigned one, security upgrades for evidence storage, and the fourth year of the department wide $56 million radio replacement program.With the goal of reducing response times for emergency medical services,the FY19 budget also proposes to increase the number of EMTs and ambulances to meet the current demand for services. EMS responds to more than 126,000 incidents per year, a 20 percent increase over the past 10 years. In the budget this year, Mayor Walsh will invest in:20 new EMTs, bringing the total uniformed force to nearly 400 citywideEight replacement ambulances to support the new EMTs""As a life-long resident of the City of Boston, I am thrilled with the Mayor's intentions to invest more financial, as well as city resources to strength public safety in the City of Boston,"" said Pastor Gerald at the Twelfth Baptist Church. ""As a leading city in the nation we must remain vigilant and on the cutting edge on issues regarding public safety for all who work and live in Boston, a world class city!""Mayor Walsh has made investing in EMS a priority since taking office. In FY17, the Mayor added 20 new EMTs, which curbed the rising Priority 1 response times and reduced calls referred to private ambulances. In FY18, Mayor Walsh launched a Community Assistance Team that uses data to change the way EMTs are deployed to areas including the Boston Common and Recovery Road to improve patient outcomes and ambulance utilization.In addition, Mayor Walsh is committed to outfitting the Boston Fire Department (BFD) for the 21st century to protect the health and wellness of first responders, and ensure they have the tools they need to fight fires safely. The budget proposes technology, safety and wellness investments for the Fire Department, including the replacement of six fire trucks for a total of 39 over four years, the replacement of vital radios, dual capacity routers and accompanying equipment. In addition, Mayor Walsh will allocate $500,000 towards the ongoing effort to provide industrial level cleaning for firehouses, and will set aside funding for the removal of hazardous waste from firehouses.Building on Mayor Walsh's commitment to providing services for those in recovery, in FY19 Mayor Walsh will dedicate $1.8 million to make Boston's Engagement Center a permanent fixture. The Engagement Center is a welcoming, low-threshold drop-in space for individuals receiving services in the Newmarket Square neighborhood. It was opened in August 2017 as a six-month pilot and provides space for participants to connect with recovery support services and get connected with housing services offered by the City and partners. Since August, over 140,000 guests have accessed the Engagement Center, tapping into the resources available to improve quality of life. This vital service will continue to be a lifeline for those suffering from addiction and homelessness.In addition, through the Imagine Boston 2030 Capital Plan, Mayor Walsh will allocate funding to rebuild the Long Island Bridge. The City will also begin a programming and planning study to evaluate the facilities currently on Long Island, and upgrades needed to provide future programming.By increasing certain parking fines in FY19, the City will produce positive results by changing driver behavior and reducing congestion in high traffic areas. Updating the parking fines will also allow the City to make$5 million of investments in transportation projectsand continue implementing the core initiatives of Go Boston 2030.The $5 million in funding will go directly towards:Investments in the Vision Zero program to build 15 neighborhood slow streets, complete 15 miles of protected bike lanes and improve 15 of the most challenging intersections in the next four yearsBetter management of traffic signals to increase safety and reduce congestionEstablishing a transit team to better coordinate with the MBTAContinuing the citywide campaign to bring all crosswalks, land markings and bike lanes into a state of good repairImproving sidewalk and roadway infrastructure through resurfacing and reconstruction""Increasing various parking fines that have not been adjusted since 2008 and allocating those funds to improve the City's ability to better manage its transportation services is smart public policy that will lead to more reliable commutes for the City's residents and those who work in Boston,"" said Sam Tyler, President of the Boston Municipal Research Bureau. ""In these times, the City must rely more on its own revenue sources for improved services, which is why the transportation fine increases this year make sense.""The FY19 budget continues the Mayor's commitment to core city services and fully funds the day-to-day operations of critical departments like the Public Works Department (PWD). It also makes new investments to improve the safety and comfort of the City's public spaces and create more opportunities for older adults to fully engage in activities throughout the community. Next year, PWD will purchase and install 45 new benches in neighborhoods across the City. It will also invest in street sweeping equipment that will result in more efficient delivery of street sweeping services in Hyde Park. The City will also increase the funding available to plow and remove snow next year by $1.5 million, and will purchase specialized Vision Zero Equipment and a snow blowers to ensure bike lanes and other parts of the streets are full plowed. The City will also fund five additional seasonal workers to ensure Boston is a clean and welcoming for all. Since Mayor Walsh took office, he has been at the forefront of recognizing the risks of climate change, and has taken meaningful actions to help Boston prepare. In addition to the climate investments being presented in the Imagine Boston 2030 Capital Plan next week, Mayor Walsh will invest in the implementation of nation-leading city ordinances for Community Choice Aggregation and single-use bags that will lower emissions. Importantly, the City will also purchase a deployable floodwall for the East Boston Greenway to help mitigate damage related to coastal storms.""True resilience requires us to go beyond treating the symptoms of inequality, to changing the structures that produce it,"" said Mayor Walsh at the July 2017 unveiling of Boston's first citywide Resilience Strategy. In keeping with this pledge, Mayor Walsh continues to invest in real solutions to address inequality in Boston.Investments include:An additional $100,000 to support a disparity study to identify and address gaps, and ultimately strengthen the City's procurement practices across all departments and provide an enhanced platform for future equity-based policies$20,000 for economic inclusion and equity agenda.This plan will include programmatic updates and outcome metrics for our four articulated strategic categories: Income and Employment, Business Development, Wealth Creation, and Economic Mobility and Community Stabilization.Tripling the Digital Equity Grant Program to $100,000 to further support organizations committed to addressing digital equity gapsRevamping the city's sidewalk policy to address equity in sidewalk maintenance and repair by more proactively collecting data on sidewalk conditions citywideBuilding on Mayor Walsh's commitment to continue creating and maintaining high-quality parks that are accessible and equitable, through the budget, the city will take steps towards implementingImagine Boston 2030'sopen space goals. In Boston, 98 percent of Bostonians live within a 10 minute walk of a park. To date, the Walsh Administration has increased the Park Department's operating funding by 5.7 million or 32 percent, and in FY19 will dedicate $17.7 million to new capital projects in Boston's parks.Investments include:Building on a similar ongoing investment starting in FY18 for a rotation program for traditional ballfields, in FY19 a new $75,000 rotating program for maintenance of synthetic turf athletic fields has been added.An investment of $25,000 to provide maintenance of Green Infrastructure in the form of bioswales built to capture run-off storm-water in open spaces.$78,612 to increase the capacity of its seasonal workforce, which help maintain the cleanliness of the City's parksThe City continues to integrate art into the fabric of everyday city life through groundbreaking investments highlighted inBoston Creates,the cultural plan for the city.To support the plan, the FY19 budget will launch the second round of an artist fellowship program in response to feedback in the Boston Creates cultural process to identify new funding streams for Boston artists. To date, the Opportunity Fund grant program has received applications from 542 artists, and 125 have been awarded.To support the Percent for the Arts program that infuses public art into capital projects, a new project manager will be hired to manage the implementation.Mayor Walsh's FY19 continues to invest in preserving and creating a strong middle class, and creating opportunities for all those who live in Boston. The FY19 budget supports Boston's long-term plan,Imagine Boston 2030.Imagine Boston 2030is Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years aimed at guiding growth to support our dynamic economy and expand opportunity for all residents. The plan prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the City. Shaped by the input of 15,000 residents who contributed their thoughts to the plan,Imagine Boston 2030identifies five action areas to guide Boston's growth, enhancement and preservation, and is paired with a set of metrics that will evaluate progress and successes. To learn more visit,imagine.boston.gov.For more information on the FY19 budget proposal, please visitbudget.boston.gov."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced ways to get involved onApril 15, to honor Boston's resilience, generosity, and strength, for the fourth annual ""One Boston Day."" The day serves as an opportunity to recognize the good in our community, celebrate one another, and reflect on the spirit and resilience of the people of Boston that was exemplified in response to the loss and tragedies of April 15, 2013.Individuals and organizations are encouraged to share their plans for One Boston Day on theofficial websiteand on social media using the hashtag #OneBostonDay.""One Boston Day has turned the Marathon into a movement our entire city has rallied around, spreading the message of kindness and goodwill across the world,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""April 15will forever be a day that represents the resilience of the human spirit, and I hope everyone can mark this day in a way that showcases the very best of our city and its people.""""One Boston Day"" encourages random acts of kindness and spreading goodwill, and activities across the City will encourage individuals to give back to their community. The tradition came together in 2015 based on the desire expressed by many survivors to pass on the kindness, generosity and support they received following the 2013 Boston Marathon.In every year since its official establishment in 2015, onApril 15, #OneBostonDay has been a leading trend nationally on social media. Last year alone there were over 43,000 posts across social channels. As in the past, Hill Holiday is serving as the creative and digital marketing partner to help spread awareness and raise the visibility of One Boston Day.The City of Boston has organized several different efforts to honor One Boston Day, including:Blood Drive on City Hall PlazaIn partnership with the Boston Public Health Commission and Brigham and Women's Hospital, the Mayor's Office is hosting a blood drive on City Hall Plaza onFriday, April 13th. The Brigham & Women's bloodmobile will be on the plaza from10AM - 4PM.Sign up to donate blood here.John Hancock and St. Francis House Sneaker DriveSupport the men and women of St. Francis House by donating new or gently used adult-sized sneakers in the boxes displayed throughout City Hall. The boxes can be found in the 3rd floor lobby and on the 5th floor outside the Mayor's Office.Locks and Socks DriveSupport the men and women of Pine Street Inn by donating two of the items most in-need - locks for their lockers, and new socks. Donation boxes can be found in the lobby of26 Court St., Boston.Operation Thank A VetBoston's Veterans Service Office is calling for volunteers to sign-up for the One Boston Day ""Operation Thank A Vet,"" a citywide effort to honor Boston's veterans. Our goal is to thank each veteran in the city and provide them with information on resources available to them and their families. To sign up for Operation Thank A Vet onApril 15, pleasevisit here.Other volunteer opportunities:MR8 Day of ServiceThe MR8 Foundation is coordinating a variety of service opportunities onSunday, 4/15.Morning Shift:10:30 AM-12:30 PM-Volunteers will assist in the cleanup and beautification of surrounding spaces. These projects may also include some planting and painting.Afternoon Shift:12:30 PM-3:30 PM- Town Field ""Service Village""Volunteer opportunities at the Service Village may include cleaning up the park, painting, sewing reusable bags for a local food bank, making cards for hygiene kits, or assembling literacy kits for a local school.To register for these MR8 opportunities, pleasevisit here.The Gillian Reny Stepping Strong Center for Trauma Innovation Service ProjectIn a partnership with Building Impact, the City of Boston is looking for teams of volunteers (children and families welcomed too!) onApril 15, 2018 from 12-2pmat Townfield, Dorchester, to help provide support to The Stepping Strong Center for Trauma Innovation. In the spirit of One Boston Day, volunteers will help build sling backpacks filled with personalized items for patients who have suffered from the devastation of traumatic injuries and events being treated at Brigham and Women's Hospital (BWH).Volunteers will also have the opportunity to hear from the parents of Gillian Reny, then a high school senior, who was one of the 39 critically injured patients at the Boston Marathon rushed to Brigham and Women's Hospital (BWH), where doctors and nurses saved her life and both of her legs. In gratitude to BWH, the Reny family established The Gillian Reny Stepping Strong Center for Trauma Innovation with a mission of transforming outcomes for civilian and military heroes worldwide who have suffered devastating traumatic injuries.While this list does not include every opportunity to get involved on One Boston Day, the City encourages residents and organizations to submit their acts of kindness and volunteer opportunities on the website,onebostonday.org, and sharing on social media using the hashtag #OneBostonDay.In addition, Mayor Walsh recently announced that together with remote assistive technology company Aira, individuals who are blind or have low vision (BLC) will be able to receivefree access to Aira's smartphone app during One Boston Day and the Boston Marathon.Using the camera on Aira's smartglasses or any smartphone, a person who is blind or low vision can download the Aira app and use it to connect to a remote set of human eyes. Known as Aira agents, trained professionals with deep experience communicating with the BLV community use Airasmartglasses or a personal smartphone to serve as visual interpreters for the blind as the agents describe, in real-time, their users' environments."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Tim Longdento demolish the three-family residence located at 87 Sawyer Avenue in Dorchester, MA 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 20, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Tim Longdento demolish the single-family dwelling located at 72 West Milton Street in Hyde Park, MA02136.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 20, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Jon Croninto demolish the one-story commercial building and two-story commercial building (currently housing Atlantic Beer Garden and Whiskey Priest) located at 148 Northern Avenue and 146/150 Seaport Boulevard in the Seaport District of South Boston, MA 02131We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 20, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Tim Longden to demolish the single-family residence at 66 Edson Street in Dorchester, MA 02124.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 20, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Ulises Serret with Half Moon, LLC, todemolish the three-family dwelling at 19 Everett Avenue in Dorchester, MA 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 16, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Anthony Gilardi with Citypoint Liverpool, LLC, to demolish the commercial structure at 151 Liverpool Street in East Boston,MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 16, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Building on his commitment to strengthen public safety in Boston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a series of investments included in the City's recommended Fiscal Year 2019 (FY19) operating budget and capital plan aimed at supporting public safety for a growing city, furthering the Boston Police Department's ongoing work in strengthening community relationships and prevention programs, securing a force reflective of the communities in which it serves, providing supports to reduce the effects of trauma and recidivism, and keeping residents safe and healthy in all neighborhoods across the city.""Every resident of our city should feel safe in their neighborhood, which is why we are investing in the full spectrum of public safety in this year's budget, from prevention, to intervention, enforcement and mental health,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""As Boston continues to grow as a city, and as technology continues to evolve, it's important that our public safety services grow alongside to keep Boston safe and make a positive impact in our neighborhoods.""""Our top priority at the Boston Police Department is keeping our residents safe. The additional funding that the Mayor has dedicated for public safety will allow us to continue our work in building trust in communities, with the tools we need to keep people safe,"" said Commissioner William Evans of the Boston Police Department.""In the upcoming year, we will continue to grow the size and diversity of our force to reflect our growing city, and will do all we can to improve the quality of life in our neighborhoods.""The Mayor's investments in the recommended budget and capital plan provide a comprehensive and multi-disciplinary approach to violence prevention and public safety that emphasizes opportunities and pathways away from violence. The BPD budget investment represents a 3.8 percent, or $14.6 million, increase over the previous fiscal year. Investments include:Investing in Prevention and Intervention Initiativesto increase positive interaction with local youth, strengthen community relations, and listen to and address the public safety concerns of residents. To accomplish this, Mayor Walsh proposes to invest $1.6 million in BCYF's streetworker program to continue their work of reducing crime and violence in the community by building meaningful relationships with youth in need. This investment will help bring more social services to promote safe neighborhood in the city and bring more resources to youth and families.This initiative is paired with $250,000 in funding in youth development grants to complement the City's Summer Jobs program, the Shannon Grant program and the Safe and Successful Youth Initiative. In FY18, BPD distributed grants to 11 local organizations to provide education, conflict resolution training and other services. BPD will also interact directly with high risk youth, and will continue programs such as the youth/police dialogues, Operation Night Light, the Police Teen Academy, and support local organizations in their mission of aiding formerly incarcerated individuals successfully re-enter society and reducing recidivism through the Safe and Successful Youth Initiative grant.Included FY19-23 capital plan, the City and BPS will increase its investment in school security to a total of $5 million, representing a $2 million increase from the previous year. The project includes upgrades to external and internal doors, locks and key cards, intercom, motion detectors and cameras. Additionally, $2 million will be allocated for the Boston Housing Authority (BHA) to begin planning for the installation of additional security cameras at BHA locations.""Mayor Walsh continues to build the bridge between our communities and our Boston Police Department,"" said City Councilor Tim McCarthy. ""I can't say enough about Commissioner Evans, his team, and our community partners- they all work together to make Boston the world class city it is today.""Strengthening Emergency Services and Enforcementto meet the demands of a growing city, while ensuring a robust, effective and accountable police department that better reflects the communities it serves.Building on the continued success of recruiting a diverse police cadet class in FY18, the FY19 budget adds another cadet class of 20 cadets in the spring of 2019. This addition of 20 cadets will continue to provide a stable pipeline of diverse young people for future police officer classes. With this investment, the Mayor has supported over 90 cadets in three classes since the cadet program was reinstated in 2015.In addition, in FY19 the City will grow the size of the police force by 30 officers to reach a total of over 2,210 officers. These extra officers will boost the City's policing capacity to the largest in over a decade and will bolster the City's community-policing efforts.In addition, the budget will include a $2 million investment to implement permanent adoption of police-worn body cameras beginning in FY19. In FY18, the city funded a $500,000 pilot program for the first police-worn body cameras, with the final results of the pilot expected to be released in June 2018.BPD will also continue to focus on new technological improvements including the rollout of additional mobile devices to officers security upgrades at the evidence storage facility additional automatic license plate recognition cameras and the fourth year of the department wide $56 million radio replacement project.""This budget reflects a strong commitment to improving public safety in our neighborhoods, and equipping our law enforcement with the tools and technology they need to successfully keep our neighborhoods safe,"" said Council President Andrea Campbell. ""I am grateful to the Mayor for his continued investments in programs that serve our youth and that address neighborhood trauma, and for including funding for the body camera program.""Providing a continuum of follow-up supportto ensure individuals and families who experience traumatic events have the support to recover and thrive, and providing support to individuals re-entering society after incarceration. Operation Night Light will continue with BPD Officers accompanying probation officers on home visits to probationers to offer support and connections to services. The state funded Safe and Successful Youth Initiative (SSYI) focuses on young men most likely to be perpetrators or victims of shooting or stabbing violence. BPD works with the Boston Public Health Commission to coordinate transition services that support a continuum of street outreach and engagement, needs assessment and evaluation, intensive case management, behavioral health counseling, and employment and education services.An additional investment of $284,000 will supportNeighborhood Trauma Teams, bringing the total investment to $1,284,000. These teams offer immediate support to Boston residents in need, and ongoing access to trauma treatment. This investment will further strengthen the existing neighborhood trauma teams and one citywide mobile team, and finish forming an additional neighborhood team in Dorchester, announced last year, to provide greater community outreach and support. These investments, in conjunction with the $2.4 million BPS social and emotional wellness investment, will help ensure the city's youth have the supports to succeed.""As a life-long resident of the City of Boston, I am thrilled with the Mayor's intentions to invest more financial, as well as city resources to strength public safety in the City of Boston,"" said Pastor Gerald at the Twelfth Baptist Church. ""As a leading city in the nation we must remain vigilant and on the cutting edge on issues regarding public safety for all who work and live in Boston, a world class city!""Public safety remains the top priority of the Walsh Administration, which is why in his first four years, Mayor Walsh has committed to violence prevention on the streets of Boston, outfitting the Boston Fire Department for the 21st century and investing in Boston's emergency response services to make them stronger and more effective than they've ever been.Last week, Mayor Walshannounced continued investments in Boston's Emergency Medical Servicesto improve response times, including an additional ambulance dedicated to servicing residents of East Boston and the addition of 20 new EMTs who will begin by July.In addition, the proposed FY19 budget and capital plan invests in six new fire trucks, bringing the total to 39 new trucks added to BFD over the past four years. Critical radios, dual capacity routers, and other equipment will be replaced and updated. As a national leader in reducing cancer risks amongst firefighters, BFD will continue the industrial cleaning of firehouses so ductwork, ceilings, and fabric furniture potentially holding cancerous compounds will be thoroughly cleaned to reduce risk amongst city firefighters. The City will make a $48 million investment to rebuild the firehouses of Engine 42 and 17, which will rank among the first firehouses in the nation to implement best safety, health and wellness practices in both design and programming.The City's FY19 budget will formally be released onApril 11, and residents are encouraged to visitbudget.boston.govat that time to find out more information about investments being made in their community."
The Boston Marathon and the City of Bostons Patriots Day Parade will be held on Monday, April 16, 2018. The BAA 5K and the Invitational Mile will be held on Saturday, April 14, 2018. These events will result in street closures and parking restrictions in the Back Bay, Beacon Hill, Brighton, Fenway-Kenmore, the North End and Government Center. People coming into Boston for these events are urged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Blue Bikes, the regional bike share system, may be found online. You can also findinformation about the MBTAonline. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around the City of Boston.Changes to this traffic and parking plan may be made by the City of Bostons Police and Transportation Departments for the purpose of advancing public safety and traffic management. It is important to read all posted signs and variable message boards carefully.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the start of enrollment for the Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) summerSuperTeens Program. Youth ages 13-14 in the SuperTeens program will have the opportunity to attend weekly leadership development workshops, gain work experience in BCYF community centers and participate in field trips to Boston's arts and cultural institutions. ""This program gives younger teens real work experience that will prepare them for future education and employment,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""They'll also have the opportunity to make new friends, visit a variety of places in their City and attend workshops designed to empower them with important life skills. I encourage all our teens to apply for this great program.""""Mayor Walsh is committed to providing meaningful opportunities and resources for Boston's youth to level the playing field by building the foundation for the future success of each one of them,"" said Boston's Chief of Health & Human Services, Marty Martinez. ""We know that teen employment can be a launch pad for a lifetime of success, so 13-14-year-olds who join SuperTeens will receive real work experience along with the workshops and field trips.""Sponsored by Comcast, and The Foundation for BCYF, program goals include providing hands-on work experience and/or service experience for each youth, engaging youth in high-quality leadership development workshops based on BCYF's Youth Development Outcomes, and learning based field trips that will aid in the development of life readiness and resiliency to help prepare them for their upcoming academic year and future employment.""Throughout my experience with the SuperTeens Program, I was very grateful to be involved because of the various workshops and field trips,"" said Angeline Santiago, age 15 from Mission Hill who was in the program for two years. ""I always learned something new in the workshops and I loved the field trips because without them I would have never explored Boston the way I did these past two summers.""The SuperTeens program will run six weeks beginning on Monday, July 9 and ending on Friday, August 17. Participants must be at least thirteen years old on or before July 9 to participate and will receive a stipend at the end of the summer for successful completion of the program. All SuperTeens applicants must complete an online application on BCYF's website atBoston.Gov/BCYFby April 30, 2018. Slots are guaranteed for 250 youth.The SuperTeens Program will operate at the following BCYF community centers:Boston Centers for Youth & Families(BCYF) is the City of Boston's largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayor's Summer Jobs Program."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of a Request for Ideas (RFI) for the short-term activation of555 Columbia Rd., the former Bank of America building in Upham's Corner near the Strand Theatre. As the city focuses on long-term improvements in Upham's Corner, identified throughImagine Boston 2030, and being implemented through theUpham's Corner Implementation(UCI), the RFI will provide an opportunity for short-term activation to utilize the currently vacant space at no cost to the selected operator.This activation is part of a neighborhood-wide short-term activation strategy to deliver public and community benefit through opportunities for local artists to showcase their work, platforms for small businesses and/or for small community gatherings and events.A concurrent effort to identify concepts forco-development of city-owned assetsacross Boston is underway to explore how the City could potentially utilize its capital assets to spur the development of additional housing for Boston residents, while improving the infrastructure conditions of City buildings through redevelopment.""It is important that as we plan for the future, we are making the best use of the spaces we currently have and using them in a way that meets the current needs of residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""With the right activation in place, we believe this model could contribute to the immediate revitalization of Upham's Corner, and I look forward to seeing the ideas that will bring this space back to life.""Imagine Boston 2030 calls for investments in housing, small businesses and transportation, and for the creation of the city's first Arts Innovation District in Upham's Corner.Upham's Corner serves as an example of Imagine Boston 2030's concepts carried out to enhance the city's neighborhoods. As part of the launch of the plan last July in Upham's Corner, Mayor Walsh announced the site of555 Columbia Rd. will be the site of a new $18 million Upham's Corner library branch in years to come, as part of theImagine Boston 2030 Capital Plan. A community conversation is currently underway for the new library as a part of the Upham's Corner Implementation process. The City of Boston is interested in finding a partner with ties to the Boston community to program the space. All responses should serve the public include arts, innovation, small businesses and/or community groups and begin programming in the summer of 2018.The space at555 Columbia Rd. will be delivered ""as is"" to the selected operator, and any modifications would be the responsibility of the selected operator. In addition, the selected operator would be responsible for all operational and maintenance costs, including utilities, security, cleaning and day-to-day needs.The selected operator will be required to provide monthly reports of all programming and events attend all relevant meetings regarding the Upham's Corner Activation strategy and participate in any marketing and visibility associated with greater Upham's Corner activation strategy.""DSNI is all about community engagement. Our partnership with the city further promotes our value of 'development without displacement' and demonstrates how powerful such collaborations can be when residents are at the planning table,"" said Tony Hernandez, DNI Director of Operations & Stewardship. ""It's the way city and community should interact and Upham's Corner will be the recipient of this revival process and shine as such for all to see. The intentions behind the former Bank of America building by the City and its uses in the short term aligns with the values of our community engagement and empowerment.""Currently, DSNI is hosting a Pop-UP Pop-IN series at572 Columbia Road(Former Citizens Bank) to creatively engage the community in the planning process for the future development of their recently acquired Community Land Trust building.The RFI is availablehere, and responses are due by5:00 p.m. on May 4, 2018. The city will host a walk-through at the space onApril 12 from 3-7pmandApril 18 from 8-11am.Responses to this Request for Ideas will not necessarily result in any operator selection.Imagine Boston 2030's enhanced neighborhood approach builds on Upham's Corner's biggest strengths - a diverse and engaged population of residents, historic fabric, prominent physical and cultural assets, and a burgeoning arts community. For more information on the Upham's Corner Implementation process, pleasevisit here.Imagine Boston 2030 is Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years aimed at guiding growth to support our dynamic economy and expand opportunity for all residents. The plan prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the City. Shaped by the input of 15,000 residents who contributed their thoughts to the plan, Imagine Boston 2030 identifies five action areas to guide Boston's growth, enhancement and preservation, and is paired with a set of metrics that will evaluate progress and successes. To learn more visit,imagine.boston.gov."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities, and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics today announced a partnership with remote assistive technology company Aira toprovide free access to its smartphone appduring One Boston Day and the Boston Marathon for people who are blind or have low vision (BLV). Using the camera on Aira's smartglasses or any smartphone, a person who is blind or low vision can download the Aira app and use it to connect to a remote set of human eyes. Known as Aira agents, trained professionals with deep experience communicating with the BLV community use Aira smartglasses or a personal smartphone to serve as visual interpreters for the blind as the agents describe, in real-time, their users' environments.Used in Boston at places like Perkins School for the Blind and by the staff at Massachusetts Association for the Blind and Visually Impaired (MABVI), Aira's app will be available for free use during the Boston Marathon weekend, throughout the entire City of Boston. Aira Explorer and current blind Ironman world-record holder Erich Manser will be running using Aira this year along with his sighted guide, as part of MABVI'sTeam with a Vision.""With this technology, residents and visitors can use visual interpreters as they perform an act of kindness during One Boston Day, or use the service to experience the Boston Marathon in a new way,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Boston Marathon and One Boston Day represent a time Boston comes together as one, and I look forward to many people benefitting from this service as we welcome thousands to be part of the Marathon and One Boston Day.""""This initiative demonstrates Mayor Walsh's ongoing commitment to ensure that the city of Boston is not only accessible, but is also fully inclusive of people with disabilities,"" said Commissioner Kristen McCosh. ""This inclusive service is a great way to celebrate One Boston Day, welcoming people of all abilities to experience everything the city has to offer.""This experiment is part of a larger body of work dedicated to understanding the role of novel technologies in making Boston a more welcoming and accessible place for people of all abilities.""Boston has long been a pioneer in technology and accessibility services. As millions of people from across the country and the globe come together for the 2018 Marathon, we can't think of a better time to kick off this program, and turn Boston into an Aira Smart City,"" said Aira CEO Suman Kanuganti. ""We are so proud to be working with the city to bring this partnership to life, and see Boston become an even more accessible, open place for all.""Users interested in free access to Aira during One Boston Day and the Boston Marathon should visit:https://go.aira.io/bostonmarathon. FreeAira Guest Access will be available in Boston, and along the entire Marathon course fromMonday, April 9th to Tuesday, April 17th.Aira is AI + AR for the blind. The company is on a mission to create smart cities accessible for all. They use wearables with AI-powered human agents to further empower more than 300 million individuals who are blind and low vision globally. For more information, please visithttps://aira.io/or follow @airaio on social.The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics is the City's R&D team. Their goal is to pilot experiments that increase the quality of life for all of Boston's residents and visitors.The Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities mission is to facilitate full and equal participation in all aspects of life by persons with disabilities in Boston."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Domonique A. Williams as Deputy Director of theOffice of Housing Stability. The office, housed in the City'sDepartment of Neighborhood Development, was founded in 2016 by Mayor Walsh to prevent displacement in Boston's neighborhoods, offering support and case management to residents in a housing crisis creating and distributing information for tenants and landlords promulgating and advocating for new policies to prevent displacement, and creating new initiatives and programs to prevent resident displacement.""Housing policy is about much more than creating new units of housing,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""We also need to focus on helping people keep the homes they have. I'm proud that the Office of Housing Stability offers residents important services to help them stay in their homes, and I'm confident that Domonique has the skills and energy to not only continue the good work of this office, but also to further expand and improve the services we offer. This is important work, and I'm so glad to have Domonique as part of the team.""Ms. Williams' work in the Office of Housing Stability marks her return to municipal government she has also served as an investigation and enforcement intern in Boston's Office of Fair Housing and Equity, where she led housing discrimination investigations, drafted complaints, negotiated settlements, and wrote probable cause determinations.""I am proud to have the opportunity to serve my hometown in an area that I am passionate about and committed to,"" Williams said. ""Issues of housing stability impact residents in every corner of the city, and I am committed to helping craft inclusive policies that advocate for Boston's diverse residential needs, educating residents about their rights, and supporting those in crisis."" Since its inception, the Office of Housing Stability has significantly increased the services and programs available to Boston residents facing housing instability or needing affordable housing. Their efforts include launchingtenants' rights clinics at nightfor those who are not able to come to City Hall during business hours offering low- and no-cost mediation anddispute resolutionfor landlords and tenants launching theLandlord Guarantee program, which offers financial backing for landlords renting to formerly homeless people, and creating Boston's first-everonline guide to evictions, designed to assist tenants in every phase of a potential eviction proceeding. The Office of Housing Stability was also instrumental in drafting Mayor Walsh's anti-displacement agenda, including theJim Brooks Community Stabilization Act."
In 1955, Kingreceived his doctorate from Boston University. While studying for his doctorate, he served as an assistant minister in Bostons Twelfth Baptist Church. Two years after Dr. Kings untimely death, the BostonCity Council proclaimed January 15 Martin Luther King, Jr. Day in the City of Boston.The City sponsored several events commemorating the work of Dr. King, including a service at City Hall. Mr. A. Reginald Eaves gave remarks at the service. Hedrafted his remarks on the back of an envelope.Eaves encouraged Bostonians to not only remember the work of Dr. King, but also to, pledge our continued fight for the kind of social and economic justice to which Martin Luther King, Jr. dedicated his too short span of years and for which he gave his life.His remarks were later printed, and you can read them below.Though Boston began celebrating Martin Luther King, Jr. Day in 1970, the United States did not declare Kings birthday a federal holiday until 1983. Eaves's encouragement to remember King's work and words inspires us today. In Boston, as in other American cities, Martin Luther King, Jr. Day is celebrated as a day of service.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the proposed Boston Fiscal Year 2019 budget (FY19) will include a new $2.4 million investment that will fund eight additional nurses and 12 additional psychologists and social workers for Boston students. The $1.109 billion BPS budget marks the largest in City history, and a $48 million increase over last year's budget. Last week, the Boston School Committee passed the FY19 BPS budget with a unanimous vote.""As we reviewed this year's overall City budget, we found additional cost savings thanks to our commitment to strong fiscal management over recent years, and we are pleased to redirect those savings back into Boston's largest and most important investment -- our kids,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Providing students with resources to help foster their physical, emotional, and mental health goes a long way on putting them, and keeping them, on a path to success.""""Our students arrive in our schools with a myriad of needs -- from trauma and social-emotional support to health issues,"" said BPS Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""As educators and caretakers, it's our job to ensure the needs of the whole child are being met in order for them to be successful in school and in life. Increasing the number of school psychologists, nurses, and counselors will have a long-lasting, positive impact on students.""The City of Boston is proud of its track record of effectively managing healthcare costs, in the face of national trends that have put significant upward pressure on such costs. As a result of Boston's ongoing commitment to review internal costs and redirect savings into impactful programs and services, the City has identified $2.4 million that was previously budgeted for healthcare costs, and will shift those funds into creating increased supports for BPS students. The City continues to benefit from the Walsh Administration's proactive approach to reducing costs, including saving $50 million over five years as a result of healthcare cost reforms achieved with the Public Employee Committee.""We applaud the City and the District for taking proactive steps towards addressing the gaps within the critical services that Boston Public School students and families depend on,"" said Jessica Tang, President of the Boston Teachers Union. ""BTU school psychologists, nurses, teachers, counselors and social workers have consistently advocated for increased investments in these services, and this allocation is evidence that our voices, along with those of students and families, are being heard. We will continue to advocate jointly with the City for adequate state and federal resources to ensure Boston Public Schools is a place where all students can learn and thrive. While there is more to be done, we welcome these allocations as a positive action aimed at achieving our shared goal of bolstering supports for all Boston students.""This new $2.4 million investment will add eight nurses, seven psychologists, four social workers, and a director of social work services. Eight new nurses will bring the number of schools with at least one full-time nurse to 74.The seven new psychologists who will be integrated into student services include five bilingual school psychologists and two district-wide psychologists, which will significantly increase the amount of mental health services available to students. In addition, BPS will hire four bilingual trauma and resiliency social workers, who will focus on helping students and families address trauma that may have occurred in their lives. A director of social work will also be hired to support these four new front-line social workers, in addition to BPS' 55 current school-based social workers, as well as student interns deployed to schools. The director will provide supervision of school-based social workers as well as assistance, and will develop partnerships with mental health organizations and higher education institutions, focused on advancing mental health for all BPS students.""We are all grateful to Mayor Walsh for once again putting Boston Public Schools' students first,"" said Boston School Committee Chairperson Michael Loconto. ""Our school staff assist students with real-life issues that go beyond academics everyday. It is heartening to see the City of Boston using savings to invest in our students despite declining state aid.""Mayor Walsh has increased the BPS budget by $170 million, or 18 percent, over the past five years. During the same time, BPS has continued to achieve its highest four-year high-school graduation rate and more high-ranking Level 1 and 2 schools than ever before.The FY19 budget features investments in individual school budgets, extended learning time, hiring effective teachers, supports for students experiencing homelessness, and an empowerment program for young men of color, among other vital supports.""This additional investment is important and crucial for the social and emotional well-being of Boston Public School students,"" said City Councilor Annissa Essaibi-George, Chair of the Education Committee. ""I'm glad that the testimonies given by school psychologists, nurses, and social workers at School Committee meetings were not unheard. We are heading in the right direction and I hope that soon these professionals will be in every Boston Public School.""The FY19 budget increases funding to individual schools by $40 million, which includes approximately $30 million toward higher teacher salaries and an additional $10 million in further investments.Those additional investments are focused on the district's highest-need schools and supporting schools in transition due to enrollment shifts. In the FY19 budget, no school will see a financial impact for the first one percent of an enrollment decline. In total, BPS has proposed dedicating $3.8 million to ensure smooth transitions for schools with fluctuating enrollments, including a $1 million reserve to support lower performing schools.The district will provide an additional $3 million to schools through the Opportunity Index to assist high-need students through the Opportunity Index, an innovative tool that quantifies differences in experiences, opportunities, and needs between students, allowing BPS to allocate resources more equitably BPS will also use the Opportunity Index to reallocate $5.8 million in external partnership funding to schools with our highest-need students.The increased funding from the City comes despite the Governor's proposed budget that would decrease net state education aid to Boston by $21 million. While Mayor Walsh has increased BPS' annual budget by $170 million since taking office, the state's Chapter 70 funding has only increased by $8 million. The Commonwealth also continues to underfund charter school reimbursements for cities and towns, which under the Governor's proposed budget translates into $27 million in lost funding in Boston in FY19 alone and more than $100 million over the last five years. The City is bridging this gap and contributing additional resources to strengthen BPS' efforts to provide each of its students a high-quality education in a 21st-century learning environment.The approved budget will be submitted to the Boston City Council for final approval later this spring."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Andreas Hwangto demolish the three-car garage at 75 Bradfield Avenue in Roslindale, MA 02131.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 10, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Demetrios Salpoglouto demolish the two-family dwelling located at 174 Fisher Avenue in Mission Hill, MA 02120.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 10,2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Centers for Youth & Families, the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency, is now accepting applications for Camp Joy, a citywide summer program for Boston residents ages 3 to 22 with disabilities. The program provides structured activities designed to help participants to make new friends, have fun, learn and grow.I am proud that Camp Joy has been providing a highly engaging and fun summer program for 72 years now, said William Morales, Commissioner of Boston Centers for Youth & Families. Thanks to our caring and dedicated staff, these special Bostonians get the help and support they need to enjoy a full summer camp experience.BCYF Camp Joy has provided thousands of children and youth with special needs with enriching opportunities since 1946. Camp Joy also has a winter program component which focuses on the same principles of inclusion, learning and fun. Both Camp Joy and Winter Camp Joy are led by trained, highly skilled program staff who create a safe and nurturing environment for participants. While BCYF is committed to seeking individuals with disabilities for this program, it is open to youth without disabilities between the ages of 3 and 7.  Camp Joy will operate Monday, July 16 through Friday, August 10, from 8:00 a.m. to 2:00 p.m., at the BCYF Jackson-Mann Community Center in Allston, BCYF Madison Park Community Center in Roxbury and BCYF Ohrenberger Community Center in West Roxbury. Program participants must be between the ages of 3 and 22, be able to interact in a 4:1 participant to staff ratio and be a Boston resident (proof of residency will be requested.) Transportation is provided.For more information and the application please go to Boston.Gov/BCYF or call 617-635-4920 x2402. Enrollment is first-come, first-served until all slots are filled or by June 1, 2018Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayors Summer Jobs Program.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department will host the 19thAnnual Neighborhood Coffee Hour Series in local parks citywide fromApril 25 to July 11.""Our Neighborhood Coffee Hours give residents the opportunity to come out and spend time in their neighborhood parks and playgrounds, while meeting and talking to City representatives about issues that matter to them, their family, and their community,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage residents to stop by to chat and enjoy a morning outdoors with coffee, snacks, and flowers from our Parks Department greenhouses.""The Neighborhood Coffee Hours give residents a unique opportunity to speak directly with Mayor Walsh and staff from City departments about open space and other needs in their neighborhoods. Through these discussions and a suggestion box at each site, Mayor Walsh looks forward to hearing how the City of Boston can improve upon local parks, public areas, and city services.All participants will enjoy coffee and breakfast treats provided by Dunkin' Donuts and fresh fruit from Whole Foods Market. In addition, each family in attendance will receive a flowering plant grown in the City's greenhouses as a gift from Mayor Walsh. Residents at the event will also be eligible to win a raffle prizes from Dunkin' Donuts. Information will be available on City programs from the Boston Public Library, Boston Public Schools, Boston Police Department, and Boston Centers for Youth & Families. All coffee hours will be held from9:30 a.m. to 10:30 a.m., unless otherwise noted. Dates for the full schedule of Mayor Walsh's 2018 Neighborhood Coffee hours are below. Locations are weather permitting, unless otherwise noted. Coffee Hours being held in conjunction with park openings are also noted.For more information and updates on possible weather cancellations, please contact the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at617-635-4505or onFacebookorTwitter."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with Boston Public Schools, today announced the Mayors Mural Crew has completed a mural at Boston Community Leadership Academy in Hyde Park.Boston Community Leadership Academy (BCLA) was the first traditional school to convert to pilot status in the Boston Public Schools system, and is uniquely focused on preparing students to be both college ready and community leaders. It serves an economically and culturally diverse student population in grades 9 to 12.Its very exciting to see such a diverse school celebrated and recognized in this way, said Mayor Walsh. I look forward to seeing how this project inspires the students of BCLA to be creative in their own endeavors, and be leaders in their communities.21.4 percent of the schools student body are classified as having special needs, and BCLA houses the largest autism strand of high school students in the district. The schools PATH program serves a number of students with emotional impairments. BCLA also has a large population of English as a Second Language (ESL) students, with 34 percent of the student body identifying as English Learners or Former English Learners.Heidi Schork, Director of the Mayors Mural Crew, led the project with two assistants, Connor Woods and Jerome Jones. Students were invited to take part in the process while on their lunch breaks.There are some ESL students who are very quiet and timid because theyre learning English, said Dr. Francine Locker, Headmaster of Boston Community Leadership Academy. But with this mural project I saw them over here painting, I heard them singing, they were having real dialogues with Heidi. Its just been really refreshing to see them feel a sense of comfort and to see joy.The mural features a diverse group of young people taking part in a variety of activities, including reading, skateboarding, eating lunch, and playing basketball. Several of the figures represented in the mural were based off of current BCLA students.This lovely collaboration advances the goal of the Boston Creates Cultural Plan, which is to cultivate a city where all cultural traditions and expressions are respected, promoted, and equitably resourced, and where opportunities to engage with arts and culture are accessible to all, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture.This is the last project by the Mayors Mural Crew under the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture. This summer the mural crew will be moving to a new space within the Citys Parks and Recreation department, where they will be able to expand their offerings and to work with youth to create public art all over the city.To learn more about the BCLA mural, watch the video here.
April is an exciting month in the City of Boston. Not only does it mean that warmer weather is in sight, but it also kicks off a season full of outdoor arts and culture events that bring together people from all over the City. The application deadline for Celebrity Series of Bostons Jazz Along the Charles event later this fall is on April 16th, and East Boston will lead this years series of Open Studios with their weekend event from April 21-22. Then, one of the most jam-packed weeks for arts events in Boston beginsArtweek 2018.Artweek, hosted by the Boch Center, entered its fifth year with a substantial change, by expanding its offerings statewide. The festival, which will run from April 27 - May 6, 2018, will feature a wide array of arts experiences that are hands on, interactive, or offer a behind-the-scenes look at an artists process. More than 90% of the experiences offered are under $25, and more than 60% of them are free to the public. The Mayors Office of Arts and Culture is thrilled to serve as an Artweek partner this year, and we have some great events happening that week that wed love to have the public participate in.One of the events were very excited about is happening on May 5 from 12-4pm at the new Boston AIR artist space in Uphams Corner (786 Dudley Street). This years cohort of Boston artists-in-residence will explore ways artists and other community members can influence policy, envision and initiate tangible change in our communities. Attendees will have an opportunity to get involved and share their thoughts regarding local community issues and City policies.Another great event that we encourage everyone to check out is Mass L.E.A.P.s Louder Than a Bomb MA Youth Poetry Slam Showcase at the Strand Theatre on April 28 from 7-9:30 p.m. This is an evening of powerful spoken word poetry performances from teens throughout the Commonwealth, as they crown a state championship team, showcase brilliant young writers and honor award winners. Audience members may even be called upon to serve as a judge for the team championship.One final happening during Artweek that wed like to highlight is that City Hall will be displaying over 400 pieces of artwork created by Boston Public Schools students starting on May 1. 42 teachers will be on board to install the visions and expressions of these talented young artists on floors 1, 2, 6, 7 and 8, and the show will be up through the end of May. Were delighted to be taking part in Artweek in various ways this year, because it aligns so well with the Boston Creates cultural plans goal of integrating arts and culture into all aspects of civic life, and inspiring all Bostonians to value, practice, and reap the benefits of creativity in their individual lives and in their communities. We hope that you make it out to a few Artweek events this month, and we look forward to seeing how this great lineup of events brings together communities, sparks conversation, and encourages creativity.
"Building on his commitment to create a safer, more equitable transportation future for Boston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a $5 million annual investment included in the City's recommended Fiscal Year 2019 (FY19) operating budget and capital plan aimed at upgrading transportation infrastructure to benefit all modes of travel. The investments will contribute to the ongoing implementation of the 58 projects and policies identified inGo Boston 2030, the City of Boston's long term transportation plan unveiled in 2017. These proposed investments complement the transportation investments in the full operating budget and capital plan.""Getting from point A to point B should be safe, affordable, and reliable -- and this strategy is a bold, progressive way to ensure transportation in Boston is equitable for everyone,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Last year, we promised to make transportation in Boston better for all with our Go Boston 2030 plan, and these improvements and investments do just that. We're committed to creating a strong transportation network by investing in both short and long-term projects that will create greater transportation access that is reliable and safe for all users of our city's streets.""""To manage our region's growth, to address climate change, and to increase equity, we know we need to transform our transportation system,"" said Chris Osgood, Boston's Chief of Streets. ""Building off the Go Boston 2030 plan, this set of investments is a major step towards that goal. It increases investment in the basics of our streets, such as well-timed traffic signals, smooth roads and good sidewalks, and it builds out a team that can help more people get around our city by bus, bike, car or foot.""""I'm thrilled that this year's budget will include major investments to improve transportation access across the city,"" said City Councilor Michelle Wu. ""The increased funding and staff capacity will support implementation of key improvements within city control -- protected bike lanes, better bus transit, walkable streets, new traffic signal technology and safer intersections. Not only does everyone benefit when we make transportation safer, more affordable and more reliable the continued growth of our city and the economic mobility of our residents depend on it.""As the funding that the City provides to the State for public transit continues to increase, Boston must utilize its limited revenue streams to support its own new projects and plans. To increase investments in Boston's streets and transportation options, this package of investments is funded through a strategicset of increases to its current parking fine structure, designed to reduce congestion and emissions, increase cleanliness, and improve the parking experience.Altering the City's current parking fines will encourage better compliance with existing City laws and bring Boston's fines in line with some peer U.S. cities. For example, the fine for double parking in Boston is currently $30 for Zone B and $45 for Zone A and is recommended to be increased to $55 and $75 respectively. However the double parking fine is already significantly higher in San Francisco at $110, New York City at $115, and Chicago at $100. The City of Boston has not raised parking ticket finesin 10 years. The expected new revenue from the modified parking fees will be invested back into city streets.""Increasing various parking fines that have not been adjusted since 2008 and allocating those funds to improve the City's ability to better manage its transportation services is smart public policy that will lead to more reliable commutes for the City's residents and those who work in Boston,"" said Sam Tyler, President of the Boston Municipal Research Bureau. ""In these times, the City must rely more on its own revenue sources for improved services, which is why the transportation fine increases this year make sense.""The estimated increase in revenue through the updated fines will be $5 million, with that new revenue reinvested back into priorities identified by constituents through the the Go Boston 2030 plan. These include:Through the recommended budget, the City will launch its first ""Transit Team."" This team will work with the MBTA to improve public transit, with a particular focus on bus service, which services 350,000 trips each day.Through the Transit Team, the City will work with the MBTA to identify key bus corridors and implement strategies such as transit signal priority and dedicated bus lanes to improve the bus riding experience.The transit team is expected to include:Among the strategic bus corridors identified in Go Boston 2030 are Washington Street between Roslindale Square and Forest Hills, Washington Street Silver Line service, and Brighton Avenue, Blue Hill Avenue, and North Washington Street.State Representative Russell Holmes, who co-chaired the Go Boston 2030 advisory committee, said, ""The Mattapan neighborhood realizes heavy bus ridership, but there is no direct public transportation connection between Mattapan and the Longwood Medical Area. Building a direct connection will have dual benefits, providing the community with reliable bus access to area medical institutions, as well as offering Mattapan and Dorchester residents with a quick connection to the many economic opportunities available in the LMA.""A subset of the $5 million investment is focused on improving the basics of the City's 800 miles of streets, 1,600 miles of sidewalks, and over 800 traffic signals. This includes:As part of this investment, the new signal engineer will work to implement the new adaptive signal technology - a new approach to timing traffic lights that the City is exploring in collaboration with MassDOT.""Travel modes are changing and it is critical that we employ innovations in technology and transportation to ensure that the City of Boston may accommodate current and future demand for people choosing a variety of travel modes,"" said Boston Transportation Department Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. ""These investments champion Go Boston 2030 and Vision Zero, and give BTD the support needed to meet the City's transportation challenges.""The top priority in Go Boston 2030 is increasing safety on our streets. As part of this recommended budget, the City proposes a series of investments to accelerate our ability to deliver on that priority, including:Through these investments, and the investments the City has already made in its capital budget, it expects, over the next four years, to build 15 Neighborhood Slow Streets areas, complete 15 miles of protected bike lanes, and make improvements to 15 of the most challenging intersections.Parking Enforcement requests to 311 have increased significantly in the last four years.To reinforce parking enforcement efforts and respond to constituent requests in a timely manner, the City proposes to:The updated parking fine structure is expected to produce positive outcomes by influencing driver behavior and reducing congestion in high traffic areas.Data collected from the City of Boston's recently completed Performance Parking Pilot showed that driver behavior can be changed as a result of adjusting metered parking rates. Both the Back Bay and Seaport neighborhoods, for example, experienced an increase in adherence to Resident Parking Only regulations, with illegal parking in resident spaces decreasing by 12 percent in the Back Bay and 35 percent in the Seaport. In accordance with these results, it is the City's expectation that raising fines will discourage violations and improve compliance.Increasingly, the job of providing quality transportation choices and reliable trips through the City requires coordination with outside stakeholders. This recommended budget reflects that by including:The City's FY19 budget will be formally released onApril 11, and residents are encouraged to visit budget.boston.govto find out more information about investments being made in their community."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Public Schools (BPS) Superintendent Tommy Chang today joined students, faculty, and staff at the Bradley Elementary School in East Boston to celebrate the launch of My Way Cafe, a program that will fund the construction of kitchens in 30 district schools and increase the number of students who can eat fresh, healthy meals cooked on-site.My Way Cafe is an expansion of a successful pilot program that utilizes a Hub and Spoke kitchen model, which began at four schools in East Boston last spring. This program is the result of a partnership between the Shah Family Foundation and BPS Food and Nutrition Services Department, with design and construction work facilitated by the City of Boston Public Facilities Department.""Boston is leading the way in making sure our students have access to fresh, healthy food,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The success of this program in East Boston serves as a model for the rest of the city. Thanks to our key partners, we're now able to bring this program to 30 schools. Choices at our schools need to work for all families and students, many of whom depend on school meals. With this program, we will continue to create happy, successful students, while listening to the needs of our communities.""The Hub and Spoke model, which will continue with My Way Cafe, utilizes schools with already-constructed in-service kitchens to prep food for nearby schools that do not have such kitchens. In addition, schools that do not have in-service kitchens are being retrofitted with hybrid-model kitchens to cook and serve food on-site for students. Hub and Spoke used East Boston High School's in-service kitchen to prep food for the Bradley Elementary, Patrick J. Kennedy Elementary, and East Boston Early Education Center and those schools were outfitted with hybrid-model kitchens to cook and serve the food on-site.""The rapid expansion of this effective program has been extraordinary,"" said Boston School Committee Chairperson Michael Loconto. ""It's incredible to see public and non-profit partners work together toward a common goal of making sure our students have healthy and tasty food options.""Chef Ken Oringer,owner of Toro, Uni Boston, and other well known restaurants, helped teach food service staff how to cook new menu items, and was on hand to prepare fresh, healthy lunches for Bradley studentson Monday.The rate of students eating school-provided food in this new program has increased by between seven and 15 percent per school.One of the hallmarks of My Way Cafe is that students have a choice in what type of meal they would like to eat -- marking a step forward from traditional school cafeteria set-ups.""Not only are we providing better access to healthy food, but more students are eating the food because it's delicious and they have a choice,"" said Superintendent Chang. ""The meals provided at school are often the most healthy meals students receive. It's important that we provide healthy and delicious options for our students everyday.""""The Shah Family Foundation is thrilled to support the transformation of school food in Boston,"" said Jill Shah, president of the Shah Family Foundation. ""Moving from pre-packaged food to fresh local food, including a full salad bar everyday, will provide more nutrition for our students and more jobs for our community. The successful pilot in East Boston demonstrated significantly higher student participation rates with substantially reduced costs. We look forward to partnering with Mayor Walsh to eventually expand this project across the entire city over the next few years.""In Mayor Walsh's inaugural address in January, he announced that the pilot program would will expand to all Boston Public Schools, in partnership with the Shah Foundation. By this fall, 30 schools across the city will have new or renovated kitchens producing fresh, nutritious food. The renovated kitchens are a part of BuildBPS, Boston's $1 billion plan to upgrade schools across the district. The City's Public Facilities Department will renovate the kitchens in the following schools, which will all participate in the My Way Cafe program.1. Samuel Adams Elementary School (East Boston)2. Dante Alighieri Montessori School (East Boston)3. Boston Day and Evening Academy (Roxbury)4. Dudley StreetNeighborhood Charter School (Roxbury)5. David A. Ellis Elementary School (Roxbury)5. Ellison Parks Early Education School (Mattapan)6. Fenway High School (Roxbury)7. Curtis Guild Elementary School (East Boston)8. Nathan Hale Elementary School (Roxbury)9. Haynes Early Education Center (Roxbury)10. Rafael Hernandez K-8 School (Roxbury)11. Henry L. Higginson School (Roxbury)12 Higginson Lewis K-8 School (Roxbury)13. Samuel Mason Elementary School (Roxbury)14. Donald McKay K-8 School (East Boston)15. Ellis Mendell Elementary School (Roxbury)16. Mildred AvenueK-8 School (Mattapan)17. Madison Park Technical Vocational High School (Roxbury)18. John D. O'Bryant School of Mathematics & Science (Roxbury)19. Hugh R. O'Donnell Elementary School (East Boston)20. Orchard Gardens K-8 School (Roxbury)21. James Otis Elementary School (East Boston)22. Charles H. Taylor Elementary School (Mattapan)23. Maurice J. Tobin K-8 School (Roxbury)24. Mario Umana Academy (East Boston)25. Young Achievers Science & Math Pilot K-8 (Mattapan)Kitchen renovations completed last summer:1. Manassah E. Bradley Elementary School (East Boston)2. East Boston Early Education Center (East Boston)3. East Boston High School (East Boston)4. Patrick J. Kennedy Elementary School (East Boston)5. Mattapan Early Elementary School (Mattapan)In addition to the expansion of the Hub and Spoke model and the implementation of My Way Cafe in Boston Public Schools, Mayor Walsh continues to demonstrate his commitment to providing fresh, healthy food to Boston's children by establishing new programs to increase food access across the city. Last summer, the Mayor's Office of Food Access, BPS and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics piloted ""Lunch on the Lawn,"" which served young people 18 or under lunch at City Hall during the summer months at no cost. Over 1,000 meals were served at this site during its first summer. The Mayor's Office of Food Access also piloted a ""Books and Bites"" summer meals site with the Boston Public Library, Project Bread, and the Mattapan Food and Fitness Coalition, and served over 2,000 meals at the Mattapan Branch of the Boston Public Library.In January, the City of Bostonreceived a $150,000 grantfrom the United States Conference of Mayors to fund the BOSFoodLove program, a partnership between The Mayor's Office of Food Access, The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, and BPS aimed at ensuring every child receiving healthy meals to fuel their school performance and success.Last month, the Walsh Administration sought applications for FoodCorps members to be part of the BOSFoodLove program at BPS. FoodCorps members will emphasize student and parent engagement, solicit input for the school food programs, ensure that all BPS students have access to free, healthy food that meets their dietary needs and preferences, and support their ability to perform well in school. Additionally, FoodCorp members will provide educational lessons to students around healthy food options.To learn more about BuildBPS,click here, and the Public Facilities Department,click here."
In order to accommodate the local elf and fairy community, the Boston Parks and Recreation Department will be hosting their fifth annual Fairy House Building family event on Thursday, April 19, from 10 a.m. to 12 noon at Schoolmaster Hill in Franklin Park. Local children and families are invited to help by building tiny homes for them. Spring is the best time to build fairy houses, experts say, providing the magical creatures with shelter for the coming summer months and the flitting season that begins in late May.This free family event will include outdoor nature play, storytelling, books from ReadBoston, plant education from the Massachusetts Horticultural Society, scavenger hunts with the Appalachian Mountain Clubs Outdoors Rx program, a visit from New England Aquarium, and face painting. Children are encouraged to wear their favorite fairy and elf costumes to encourage their tiny guests to alight in Franklin Park. Natural materials will be provided, and youngsters are welcome to explore their surroundings to find natural elements such as sticks, stones, and leaves to adorn their fairy houses. There will also be a fairy puppet show at 11:30 a.m.Located in Franklin Parks historic 220-acre forest among oak and pine trees overlooking the William Devine Golf Course, Schoolmaster Hill provides the perfect location for fairy and elf habitat that recognizes their connection to the earth by utilizing building materials from the woods around them.Schoolmaster Hill is located on Circuit Drive between the William Devine Golf Course Clubhouse and Shattuck Hospital. For more information, please call the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at 617-961-3047, or visit online at boston.gov/parks or on our Facebook page.
This year the Swan Boats celebrate their 142nd season of providing joy and memories to residents and visitors in the Public Garden, said Mayor Walsh. Were ready for spring in Boston and the tradition of joining the Paget family and local children for the first ride around the Public Garden lagoon.This annual rite of spring is made possible thanks to the Paget family, owners and operators of the Swan Boats first launched by Irish immigrant and shipbuilder Robert Paget. Mr. Paget designed the Swan Boats after attending the opera Lohengrin in New York City. At the end of the opera, the hero crosses a river in a boat drawn by a swan.Mayor Walsh will be joined on the first ride of the year with students from Boston Public Schools including the Ellis Mendell Elementary School and the Higginson/Lewis K-8 School, both in Roxbury.The students are drawing pictures of the Swan Boats in art class and their work will be randomly selected from all the drawings created. All of the artwork chosen will then be on display at Boston City Hall.2018 marks the 142nd season for the Swan Boats. The oldest and smallest boat in the fleet just celebrated its 107th season, while the newest was launched in 1993. The swan on todays boats is made from either copper or fiberglass, depending on the age of the boat, and encloses a paddle mechanism that is used to foot propel the boat through the water.Fully loaded, each Swan Boat weighs three tons and carries up to twenty passengers. The Swan Boats are built on oak framed pontoons sheathed in copper just as they were initially constructed in 1877. After being stored in a safe place for the winter, the boats are returned to the Public Garden Lagoon in the spring with Mayor Walsh and his young guests celebrating the first ride of the season.For more information, please visit the Swan Boats of Boston onlineor call 617-522-1966.
The City owns and operates the William J. Devine Golf Course in Dorchester and the George Wright Golf Course in Hyde Park designed by Donald Ross. Both have received national accolades as must-play courses when golfing in the Boston area. Golfers can access information on rates, season permits, monthly specials and tournaments and book tee times at cityofbostongolf.com. For updates, the Citys golf courses can be followed on Twitter @FranklinParkGC and @GeorgeWrightGC.The George Wright was ranked #9 in Massachusetts Best Places You Can Play by Golfweek and the 4th best place to play public golf in Massachusetts by Golf Advisor. The William J. Devine ranked the 5th best place to play public golf in Massachusetts by Golf Advisor and was also chosen one of the top five courses in the Boston area by the Golf Channel. In November, representatives from the City of Boston and the Massachusetts Golf Association (MGA) announced that the 110th Massachusetts Amateur Championship and the 115th Massachusetts Womens Amateur Championship will be held at the two City courses in 2018. The unprecedented move will be the first time in state history that either a mens or womens amateur golf championship will be held at a public municipal course, and both championships will reflect changes that will come following the historic merger between the MGA and the Womens Golf Association of Massachusetts.The 110th playing of the Massachusetts Amateur Championship will be contested over five days from July 9 to 13 at both the George Wright and the William J. Devine while the Massachusetts Womens Amateur Championship and Presidents Cup will be held over four days at the George Wright from July 30 to August 2.Founded in 1938, the 18-hole par 70 Donald Ross-designed George Wright Golf Course is a hidden gem in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Boston open seven days a week through November. Improvements to the clubhouse include the addition of an accessible unisex restroom scheduled to be completed by the end of April. In addition, a new tee complex has been completed on Hole # 11 and the fairway at Hole #18 has been restored to the original Donald Ross design. The clubhouse will also continue the popular acoustic summer music series on the outdoor patio. Contact PGA Professional Scott Allen at 617-364-2300 for more information.The second-oldest public golf course in America and part of the historic Emerald Necklace, the William J. Devine Golf Course at Franklin Park in Dorchester offers a pleasant golf experience only minutes from downtown Boston and is open year-round, weather permitting. Recent improvements include a brand-new fairway bunker at Hole #17 and rebuilt/restored bunkers at Holes # 2, 4, 8, 12, and 18. Contact PGA Professional Kevin Frawley at 617-265-4084 for more information.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston's Community Preservation Committee (CPC) today announced the release of applications for a spring pilot program for CPA funding. The application calls for CPA supported projects that require less than $500,000 to begin construction by fall 2018, bringing new investments in housing, parks and open space and preservation of historic sites to Boston's neighborhoods.Follow the links below for more information on the program:Community Preservation informationCommunity Preservation eligibility formCommunity Preservation application""This pilot program will help us begin funding critical projects in neighborhoods across the city, while providing an opportunity to evaluate and improve the CPA process for future funding rounds,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I want to thank the Community Preservation Committee, the Boston City Council and our community partners for their support. I look forward to investing in affordable housing and our parks, and preserving Boston's history through an open and inclusive process.""The pilot program application seeks ""shovel-ready"" projects that require $500,000 or less in funding, where construction can begin soon after funds are received. Organizations with affordable housing, historic preservation, and parks and open space proposals may apply for funding. The CPC is committed to a program that will have broad community participation, accessible and visible projects that have a positive impact on neighborhoods and residents, and oversight strategies to ensure timely, effective use of funds.""We felt it was important to start funding projects. Homeowners have been paying the CPA surcharge since last summer. We want them to see transformational improvements in their neighborhoods and witness the power of this new fund,"" said Felicia Jacques, newly elected chair of the Community Preservation Committee.CPA staff will hold public information sessions on Thursday, April 5 at 10:00am and 6:00pm in the Winter Chamber at 26 Court Street, Boston. Residents and organizations who wish to learn more about eligibility requirements as well as the application and review processes for the CPA Pilot Program are encouraged to attend.The CPC will meet in June to review applications and recommended projects will be submitted to the Mayor and City Council for approval.In anticipation of CPA Pilot funding decisions for the pilot program this summer, the CPC will also hold a Public Hearing Monday, April 9, 2018 from 6:00pm-7:00pm in the Winter Chamber, 26 Court Street, Boston to hear from Boston residents about needs and ideas for CPA projects in their neighborhoods. At the meeting, the CPC will review the Community Preservation Plan. Applications can be foundhere, and all responses must be submitted byApril 27.Aligning withImagine Boston 2030: A Plan for the Future of Bostonand the City's agencies and departments, Community Preservation Act (CPA) funds will contribute to building strong neighborhoods through strategic investments that support affordable housing, open space and historic preservation.By adopting the CPA in November 2016, the City has created a Community Preservation Fund. This fund is capitalized primarily by a one percent property tax-based surcharge on residential and business property tax bills that began in July 2017. The City will use this revenue to fund initiatives consistent with CPA guidelines: affordable housing, historic preservation, open space and public recreation.As part of the City's plan to oversee the investments made through the adoption of the CPA, Mayor Walsh worked in partnership with the Boston City Council to form a Community Preservation Committee (CPC) that will study community preservation needs and make recommendations on how CPA funds should be allocated. The CPC is made up of nine members, five of whom are representative of the City's boards and commissions and four of whom are appointed by the City Council. The funding of any project requires a recommendation from the committee and appropriation by the City. For more information, visit our Community Preservation webpage."
"As part of the City's Fiscal Year 2019 (FY19) budget that will be formally submitted in April, Mayor Martin J. Walsh will announce continued investments in Boston's Emergency Medical Services, including an additional ambulance dedicated to servicing residents of East Boston. The ambulance began its service on March 12.In addition, building on his commitment to improving emergency response times citywide, Mayor Walsh announced a $1.3 million investment in 20 new EMTs. The new recruits will begin by July, and will grow the size of the EMT force by 20. The added personnel will allow for two additional ambulance crews during the day and evening shifts, and one additional ambulance crew overnight. These crews will work in neighborhoods across the city to continue responding to the growing number of EMS calls. The FY19 budget will also include eight replacement ambulances to support the added EMTs.As operators of Boston Logan Airport, which utilizes ambulance services in East Boston, MassPort has committed to providing a second bay for ambulance 27 in East Boston to further the shared goal of reducing ambulance response times.""I'm proud that through these investments we're able to increase our capacity at EMS and improve response times to make sure we reach everyone in the City in need of immediate care,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This additional ambulance in East Boston and new EMTs across the city will help better serve residents, and will make our emergency response services stronger and more effective than they've ever been.""Last year, Mayor Walsh announced a new initiative that uses data to change the way EMTs are deployed to areas including the Boston Common and Recovery Road area to improve patient outcomes and ambulance utilization. As part of this effort, funding was set aside for a Community Assistance Team to respond to calls that do not require a patient transport, resulting in more efficient use of ambulance utilization.""The addition of a dedicated ambulance and new ambulance bay is welcome relief for East Boston,"" said Senator Boncore. ""As our community grows and we face new concerns over congestion, ensuring our community has access to reliable public health and safety transportation is a top priority.""""Thank you to Mayor Walsh and Massport for working with the community to address this critical issue. The permanent addition of a second ambulance in East Boston is a perfect example of the good that can happen when government collaborates with residents to address community concerns,"" said State Representative Adrian Madaro. ""This investment will enhance public safety by improving ambulance response times and addressing East Boston's present and projected growth.""""As East Boston continues to grow and thrive, I am excited that Mayor Walsh continues to make investing more resources in East Boston a priority,"" said Deborah Cave, President of the Eagle Hill Neighborhood Association. ""This added ambulance is much welcomed and will continue to make sure that East Boston is healthy and receives the service it deserves.""The Community Assistance teams and FY19 investments build on the Administration's long standing commitment to reducing response times. In FY17 the Administration also added 20 EMTs and purchased 10 replacement ambulances. As part of Mayor Walsh's FY19 budget and Imagine Boston Capital Plan, the Administration is committed to continuing this work.On average, Boston EMS respond to more than 126,000 incidents a year across the city, marking a 20 percent increase over the last 10 years. Mayor Walsh is committed to ensuring a high-level of service for all neighborhoods, and aims to have ambulances arrive on scene for Priority 1 callswithin six minutesof the initial call.The City's FY19 budget will formally be released on April 11, and residents are encouraged to visitbudget.boston.govto find out more information about investments being made in their community."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined students, faculty and staff of the Rafael Hernandez K-8 Dual Language School in Roxbury for a ribbon cutting celebration of their new playground. The playground features a new synthetic turf field, permeable paving that will reduce stormwater runoff, and site improvements for the benefit of all students at the school.The new playground is made possible thanks to students at the Rafael Hernandez School who advocated for a new schoolyard, built community support, conducted research, met with architects and brought their findings to the city. After meeting with students last April, Mayor Walsh announced that funding for the playground would be included in the city's Imagine Boston 2030 Capital Plan, which set aside $1.25 million for improvements to the playground.""I was inspired by the initiative students at the Hernandez School took in advocating for a better, more safe playground for all students to enjoy, and am proud that today we see their vision come to life,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These students had a big idea, and made it happen -- we're all proud of this great job done by our BPS students.""As part of the project, the Boston Water and Sewer Commission (BWSC) helped install an outdoor classroom to teach students about drainage and how we can improve the health of the Charles River by sending cleaner water into our sewer systems. BWSC has invested $280,700 towards the project.""I am so proud of our students for learning how to collaborate with one another and advocate for positive change in their school community,"" said BPS Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""Their efforts will not only make their playtime more fun, but it will benefit future students and the community for years to come.""""It's been incredible to see our students, families, and teachers coming together to help make our school community better for everyone,"" said Hernandez School Principal Ana Tavares. ""This was a truly collaborative effort and a positive lesson that will last a lifetime for these students.""""The community deserves a wonderful playground. We turned this playground into our legacy, and we can look back in the next 15 years and reminisce about what we have accomplished, and how many future kids will be able to enjoy what we worked so hard to do,"" said student Lorraine Sanchez.For more information on the project, pleasevisit here."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from James M. Baker to demolish thesingle-family home at 11 TilesboroStreet and the three-story mixed-use building at 136-138 NeponsetAvenue in Dorchester,MA 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 6, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Deborah O'Rourke to demolish the multi-family residential structure located at 81 Chestnut Hill Avenue in Brighton,MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 6, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Its no secret that Boston is rich with history. From the American Revolution to the site of the very first public school, its a city with stories to tell.In our new video series, Boston Uncovered, well be taking a look at different, unique pieces from Bostons history and getting the perspective from the Citys resident experts. Thanks to a wealth of records and artifacts, we hope to showcase compelling stories that would otherwise have remained hidden.
Boston experienced rapid growth in the latter part of the 19th century. A population and building boom led to increasing congestion in Bostons streets. Streetcars added to this congestion. The above photoshows crowds anddrawn street cars on Tremont Street in the early 1890s.Tremont Street was packed even during the middle of the day. The below photograph shows Tremont Street at 3:20 p.m. on July 12, 1895.Because Tremont Street was one of Bostons most crowded streets,the City chose it for the location of its first subway. The subway was under construction for about two years, opening on September 1, 1897. When the subway opened, crowds gathered in the Public Garden to watch the first subway cars emerging from the subway portal.The original subway tunnel is still in use and forms the portion of the MBTA Green line that runs from Boylston Street Station to Government Center. Have you ridden on America's first subway?
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Housing Authority (BHA) Administrator Bill McGonagle today unveiled the Doris Bunt Apartments, as they renamed the BHA's Walnut Park development after Doris Bunt, in honor of her advocacy for housing, legislation, and policy work for those in need. ""I'm honored to recognize the commitment Doris has shown to low-income residents and housing over her many years of work, both in the legislature and at the BHA,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Today is a special day here in Roxbury, and I thank all our partners for making this recognition possible.""A former State Representative and housing advocate, Doris Bunt was born on July 2, 1933 in New York City. She attended New York Public Schools, but dropped out before earning her high school diploma. In 1953, she moved to Boston with her three children. In Boston, she attended the Commercial High School of Roxbury and was presented her high school diploma by City Council President Thomas Atkins in 1968. She enrolled in Harvard University in 1978, where she earned her M.A. degree in education.In 1969, Bunt was nominated to the Boston Housing Authority board, making her the first female public housing tenant to serve. In 1972, she was elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives, becoming the first woman of color to serve in the Massachusetts legislature, and the first female to serve in the House leadership in 68 years. While there, Bunt helped found the Black Legislative Caucus and the Caucus of Women Legislators.After 12 years as a representative, she became Administrator of the Boston Housing Authority. As Administrator, she was responsible for the desegregation of public housing, and was a leader who created programs for resident participation and created the Youth on the Rise Program. Bunt left the Boston Housing Authority in 1992, and began working for the Center for the Study of Sport in Society at Northeastern University and the Boston University School of Public Health, where she continued tenant-focused activist work. Bunt retired in 2010.""With this renaming event, we honor the most significant friend and staunchest advocate for the residents of public housing in the BHA's 80 year history,"" said BHA Administrator Bill McGonagle.Throughout her career, Bunt focused on public housing. She held positions on the National Rent Board and in the National Tenants Organization. She served on the Critical Minority Affairs Committee, the National Association of Housing and Development, and as the Citizens Housing and Planning Association. Bunt has been featured in a mural at the historic Alvah Kittredge House, in an exhibit called ""Portraits in Black: Gaining Ground, Holding Office"" in the Boston and Nantucket Museum of African American History in 2004, and in ""Portraits of Purpose"" by Don West in 2010.Walnut Park is an elderly/disabled public housing development that was first occupied in 1970 and contains 160 apartments. Boston Housing Authority (BHA) provides affordable housing to more than 58,000 residents in and around the City of Boston. Residents are assisted through a combination of public housing and federal and state voucher subsidy programs that provide a wide variety of housing opportunities. As the largest public housing authority in New England, the BHA houses close to 9 percent of the city's residents. Our mission is to provide stable, quality affordable housing for low and moderate income persons to deliver these services with integrity and mutual accountability and to create living environments which serve as catalysts for the transformation from dependency to economic self-sufficiency."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today addressed the Boston Municipal Research Bureau announcing both new initiatives and gains in the growth of Boston's innovative economy, while highlighting the city's work in reducing inequality. From advancing Boston's goal of ending homelessness, to striving to provide a quality education from pre-kindergarten through college, to urging employers equip Boston's diverse workforce with critical tools and training, Mayor Walsh reaffirmed his commitment to shared growth and increased opportunity for every Bostonian, as laid out inImagine Boston 2030, Boston's citywide plan that aims to guide our growth to support our economy and expand opportunity for all residents.""Boston will be at its best when all its residents have the support and opportunity they need to thrive,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We've been hard at work building an economy that works for everyone -- not just those at the top. While the work is not over, I'm proud that we've made progress in both building up our innovation economy and in reducing inequality. Establishing policies and a system that brings shared growth and success is critical for our city to reach its full potential. Our city is world-class because it works for the middle class.""Citing a survey released by the Hyams Foundation, Mayor Walsh spoke on the importance of continuing Boston's partnership with the Foundation and prioritizing equity in City initiatives and policies. The survey, released this morning, demonstrates the majority of Boston voters recognize that racism both needs to be addressed in the city and that having race dialogues will help race relations in Boston a ""fair amount or a great deal.""The City has been partnering with the Hyams Foundation to bring a series of race dialogues to neighborhoods,as a continuation of the work started to acknowledge systemic racism and work toward racial equity in Boston.While Mayor Walsh emphasized Boston's commitment to tackling the realities of racism and income inequality in Boston, he also recognized the successes Boston has made in its fight against inequality.According to a newBrookings Institute report, inequality in Boston narrowed by 17 percent between 2014 and 2016. In addition, the report found average incomes at the lower end of the payscale grew by almost 19 percent since 2014.Mayor Walsh shared significant milestones reached in other key areas that deliver opportunity to residents across all of Boston's neighborhoods, including:Building on his commitment to increase affordable housing,Mayor Walsh announced Boston has made significant strides in stabilizing the housing market, accommodating population growth, and increasing affordability, while also reaching 98 percent of the City's production goal of creating 53,000 units of affordable housing by 2030.Since the 2014 implementation of the City's housing plan,Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030, more than 17,000 new units of housing have been complete, with an additional 9,000 units currently under construction, and 26,000 units under review. Of the homes permitted, 19.2 percent have been set aside for low and moderate income families, and over 34 percent of Boston's rental units are restricted by income. In all, under Mayor Walsh's leadership, increased construction in Boston will supply the city's growing population with 52,000 new homes.In addition to creating new housing units in the City of Boston, Mayor Walsh is working with 14 neighboring cities and towns to create a regional housing plan. The plan will address the housing needs of the Metro Boston area, with a focus on housing production, diversity, cost, location, design and increasing stability for the region's residents. The partnership will create a regional work plan, which will establish a regional housing production goal, along with specific strategies to achieve that goal throughout the 14-community region. Within the plan, the City of Boston will set new targets that reflect the growing population.Announced in his 2018 inauguration, Mayor Walsh introduced the new Boston Hires campaign to strengthen and diversify the talent pipeline in Boston and provide more opportunities for all.Working in partnership with nonprofit partners and private employers, Boston Hires will work towards ensuring 20,000 low-income Boston residents are trained and placed in good-paying jobs by 2022.To accomplish this, Mayor Walsh is leading by example by committing to train and place Boston residents and Boston Public Schools graduates in good paying city jobs through a new program specific to municipal work, City Academy.""Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center (BIDMC) shares Mayor Walsh's commitment to assuring that Boston residents have access to good jobs that pay wages that help them support their families, offer benefits, and provide opportunities to move forward in a career,"" said Kevin Tabb, BIDMC's Chief Executive Officer. ""We are delighted to be an Employer Champion in the Boston Hires initiative.""""We are excited to be a part of the City of Boston's BostonHires Program,"" said Steve Trumble, President and CEO of American Consumer Credit Counseling (ACCC). ""At ACCC, we believe in giving back to the communities where we live and work. We also understand the financial struggles facing many Americans. By joining BostonHires, we have the opportunity to offer unemployed and underemployed residents with quality jobs that provide a living wage and valuable benefits.""During his speech, Mayor Walsh urged employers to get involved in Boston Hires and thanked Boston Medical Center, Beth Israel, American Consumer Credit Counseling, and East Boston Neighborhood Health Center, who have already made commitments to sponsor Boston residents and create opportunities for all.Understanding that education is the greatest equalizer,Mayor Walsh continues to significantly improve access to education and close achievement gaps. This upcoming school year, 976 more children will be enrolled in high-quality pre-kindergarten, compared to five years ago.The City of Boston has made strategic investments in its budgets to expand the district's nationally recognized early education programming within its public schools, and also partnered with community-based organizations throughout the city to provide similar high-quality seats in these early childhood settings.In working towards universal pre-Kindergarten (pre-K) for all children, Mayor Walsh has put forth a bill before the Massachusetts state legislature to fund universal pre-K using tourism taxes that are already being collected in Boston.In the meantime, the City of Boston officially began building its citywide universal pre-K system this fall and has hired the City's first universal pre-K Director, initiated apartnership with UMass Boston to train community-based educators to implement early learning curricula based on BPS' materials, and launched a pilot to connect community-based classrooms to the BPS school choice system so that parents can choose the pre-K setting that works best for their family.Mayor Walsh announced in his speech thatPartners Healthcare, Suffolk, and Liberty Mutual have each given $1 million to the Boston's Way Home Fund, totaling $3 million to help Mayor Walsh's work to ending chronic homelessness in the city of Boston.Announced in his second inaugural address, theBoston's Way Home Fundhas a set goal of raising $10 million over the course of four years, with funds being used to create 200 new units of supportive, sustainable, long-term housing for chronically homeless men and women.The fund was created in place of the traditional practice, wheremayors and mayors-elect raise private funds for inauguration celebration costs. Instead, to mark his second inauguration, Mayor Walsh encouraged organizations and residents to learn more about the city's work to end chronic homelessness, and consider becoming involved in Boston's Way Home.In Mayor Walsh's January 2016 State of the City, he announced Boston had ended chronic veteran homelessness to date, nearly 850 homeless veterans have been housed. In 2016, the City scaled up its efforts to end chronic homelessness since January of 2016, 425 chronically homeless individuals have been housed, representing more than 3,000 years of homelessness ended.Since its implementation,Boston's Way Homehas also resulted in a complete redesign of the way Boston offers services to homeless individuals. Rather than counting on shelter as the solution to the issue, Boston has moved toward a housing-first model, where an individual's entrance into the shelter system is also their entrance to a path toward permanent, stable housing. Creating new permanent supportive housing is an important component ofBoston's Way Home, the City's plan to end chronic homelessness. Permanent supportive housing combines subsidized rental housing with individualized support services so that people with complex issues can receive the assistance they need to stay housed. The services are designed to build independent living skills and to connect people with services such as community-based health care, help with mental health issues, substance use counseling, and employment services.To view the Mayor's prepared remarks, click here.As Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years,Imagine Boston 2030will guide growth to support our dynamic economy and expand opportunity for all residents. The plan prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the city. Shaped by the input of 15,000 residents who contributed their thoughts to the plan, Imagine Boston 2030 identifies five action areas to guide Boston's growth, enhancement and preservation and is paired with a set of metrics that will evaluate progress and evaluate successes."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced in his speech to the Boston Municipal Research Bureau that Partners Healthcare, Suffolk, and Liberty Mutual have each given $1 million to the Boston's Way Home Fund, totaling $3 million to help Mayor Walsh's effort in ending chronic homelessness in the city of Boston.Announced in his second inaugural address, theBoston's Way Home Fund, a partnership with Pine Street Inn, has a set goal of raising $10 million over four years, with funds being used to create 200 new units of supportive, sustainable, long-term housing for chronically homeless men and women.""In Boston, we are committed to making sure that every person has a place to call their home and build a better life, and the Boston's Way Home Fund will help do just that,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank Partners, Suffolk, and Liberty Mutual for stepping up and helping their community by tackling chronic homelessness. I encourage everyone to learn more about the Boston's Way Home Fund, and invite organizations and individuals to join us as we move closer to our goal of ending chronic homelessness in our city.""Partners Healthcare, Suffolk, and Liberty Mutual join Bank of America, which launched the fund in January 2018 with a leadership gift of $250,000.""The leaders of Mass. General, Brigham Health, and Partners HealthCare are supporting Mayor Walsh's vision to end chronic homelessness because accessible housing and services are the single most effective way to improve the well-being of homeless individuals,"" said Peter Slavin, President of Massachusetts General Hospital. ""The Mayor's plan is among the most important strategies we can deploy to improve the overall health of the Boston community.""""Suffolk is an organization that prides itself on making a positive difference in our local community,"" said John Fish, Chairman and CEO of Suffolk. ""By creating an additional 200 units of affordable housing in the City of Boston, Mayor Walsh's Boston's Way Home Fund is a wonderful way to give back and help our most vulnerable neighbors in a time of need. We are excited to play a role in ending chronic homelessness, and look forward to seeing the success of Boston's Way Home."" ""We applaud the Mayor's deep and long-term commitment to ending homelessness,"" said David Long, Liberty Mutual Insurance Chairman and CEO. ""By investing in this partnership, we're paving a way for people who are homeless today to gain a sturdy foundation, so they can move onto promising futures. We're very hopeful that our gift will get Boston one step closer to ending chronic homelessness.""""All of us at Pine Street Inn are very grateful to the Mayor for starting the Boston's Way Home Fund,"" said Lyndia Downie, President and Executive Director of Pine Street Inn. ""We want to express our deepest thanks to Bank of America, Partners Healthcare, Suffolk, and Liberty Mutual for their help in getting the fund started and helping to end homelessness in Boston."" While traditionally mayors and mayors-elect raise private funds for inauguration celebration costs, Mayor Walsh instead encouraged organizations and residents to learn more about the city's work to end chronic homelessness, and consider becoming involved in Boston's Way Home. Mayor Walsh's personal message from Inauguration Daycan be found here. In his January 2016 State of the City address, Mayor Walsh announced Boston had ended chronic veteran homelessness to date, nearly 850 homeless veterans have been housed. In 2016, the City scaled up its efforts to end chronic homelessness since January of 2016,425chronically homeless individuals have been housed, representing more than 3,000 years of homelessness ended.Since its implementation, Boston's Way Home has also resulted in a complete redesign of the way Boston offers services to homeless individuals. Rather than counting on shelter as the solution to the issue, Boston has moved toward a housing-first model, where an individual's entrance into the shelter system is also their entrance to a path toward permanent, stable housing.Creating new permanent supportive housing is an important component ofBoston's Way Home, the City's plan to end chronic homelessness. Permanent supportive housing combines subsidized rental housing with individualized support services so that people with complex issues can receive the assistance they need to stay housed. The services are designed to build independent living skills and to connect people with services such as community-based health care, help with mental health issues, substance use counseling, and employment services.By definition, chronically homeless individuals have barriers that create challenges to remaining housed. These barriers can include physical disabilities, substance abuse issues, and mental health issues, among others. Without additional assistance, some chronically homeless men and women are not able to maintain their homes. To learn more about Boston's Way Home,click here."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Douglas J. Stefanovto demolisha gas station at 79-89 West Broadway commercial buildings at 457-469AWest Broadway and commercial buildings at 476 and480 West Broadway and 81-89 Dorchester Street in South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 6, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Thank you, Tom [Samoluk], for that introduction. And thank you, Sam [Tyler], for your many years of service.***I want to start by recognizing the students across America, and especially the young people in Boston, who are changing the national conversation on school safety and urban gun violence. At Saturdays March for Our Lives, we saw that leadership and we felt that change, from Madison Park High School to Boston Common.With us today are some of the young people who organized the march, as well as the survivors from Mothers for Justice and Equality who have been leading on this issue for a long time. Please give them a hand.These leaders, and this movement, offer a powerful example of how local action can lead to national change. Today, more than ever, its up to ordinary Americans, local communities, and cities to solve the toughest issues facing our nation.***Boston is a city that knows how to lead. Our police-community relations are a national model. Our response to climate change has won global recognition. Our pre-kindergarten program is closing the achievement gap.This same culture of mission-driven innovation has moved us to the forefront of the global economy. You see it in our homegrown leaders in healthcare, education, and finance in the arrival of global powerhouses like Amazon, Philips, and MassMutual in innovators like Rapid7 in cybersecurity, Aptiv in autonomous vehicles, Wayfair and Draft Kings online, Reebok and Asics in shoes. And you see it in 40,000 small businesses across our city.Not long ago, Boston was branded a branch-office city. Today, weve been the Number One city for startups two years in a row. We're growing at a rate of roughly $5 billion in development and 20,000 jobs each year. And were on everyones shortlist for a new headquarters. We are the city of the 21st century.But growth by itself doesn't define our success. We have to move forward together. In fact, there's no bigger challenge facing our nation today than building an economy that works for everyone.Conventional wisdom says the very innovation that's driving Bostons success is what generates inequality. I don't accept that. I said at my inauguration in January: we're the city that's world class because it works for the middle class. And I meant it.A new study by the Brookings Institute shows that, between 2014 and 2016, inequality narrowed in Boston by 17%. We fell from 1st place to 7th place in the national rankings. Thats one title were happy to give up.The data shows one clear reason. Our inequality fell because Bostons working people are rising. Average incomes at the lower end of the scale grew by nearly 19% since 2014. Working people are doing better. We are becoming a more equal city. And its making our success not only more meaningful, but also more sustainable.I want to be clear about this, because it's something that impacts the national conversation: We have moved to the forefront of the innovation economy while at the same time reducing inequality. Thats a game-changer. So today I want to talk about how we are achieving this success, how we can take it further together as a city, and how we can lead the national conversation in a more positive direction.***At City Hall, it starts with investing in communities. Were building new schools in Roxbury, Chinatown, Fenway, and the South End. Were building new firehouses in Dorchester and Roxbury, and a new police station in East Boston. And were renovating libraries in Jamaica Plain, Dudley Square, Roslindale, and Dorchester. Weve maintained perfect AAA bond ratings for four years running, so we can keep investing in Bostons neighborhoods and Bostons people.Id like to introduce new leaders at City Hall who are advancing this work and much more. Emme Handy is our Chief Financial Officer. Justin Sterrit is our Budget Director. Marty Martinez is Chief of Health and Human Services. Together were making sure every dollar and every program move our city forward and strengthen our middle class.***Job training is a great example. In the last four years we reformed our system of workforce development. We graduated nearly 3,000 residents from job-training programs that are proven to raise wages and launch careers.But for a truly transformative impact, we need the entire employer community at the table. So this year we launched BostonHires, our plan to place 20,000 low-income residents in good jobs by 2022.Other cities have marketing campaigns to hire locally. This is something more. Were inviting employers to sponsor or hire graduates of our partner programs. Its a collective effort to strengthen our workforce.***Wages are one part of middle-class financial security. Housing is just as important. The fundamental cost driver is a regional housing shortage that developed over many decades. Thats why we made our Housing Plan a priority. So far we have permitted over 26,000 new homes. More than 17,000 of those homes are complete, and 9,000 are in construction. And an additional 26,000 proposed units are under review. In all, thats 52,000 new homesor 98% of our target for the year 2030. We got serious about housing our city!But just as important: of the homes we've permitted, we set aside over 19% for low and moderate income families. We harnessed the heat of this market to keep Boston the national leader in affordable housing. Over one-third of our citys rental units are subsidized. No major city we know of comes close to that figure.And, we created more new workforce housing than this city has seen in many years. We made a decision to house the people who fuel our economy. That's something every employer needs, if you're going to keep growing.Were proud of this progress. And Ive been proud to share our strategies as Housing Chair for the U.S. Conference of Mayors. But we have more work to do.So were working with our neighbors on a regional housing plan that will finally address the full scope of the housing shortage in Greater Boston.As part of that plan, we'll announce new targets for Boston that reflect our growing population. To meet those new targets: We will upgrade our public housing, to protect every affordable unit and create mixed-income communities. Working with the City Council and the State Legislature, we are developing regulations on short-term rentals that allow flexibility for homeowners while protecting access to housing. We are working with colleges and universities to help dorm production keep pace with enrollment growth. Weve turned 300 city-owned parcels into 1,000 new homes, and now we're inviting ideas to add mixed-income housing to 82 public facilities, from libraries to community centers.Finally, and most importantly, we are rallying our city to end chronic homelessness for good. This is a much more reachable goal than most people realize. Under our new system, weve housed nearly 1,400 formerly homeless women and men. And we ended chronic veteran homelessness. We have a plan to go further. And weve set up a way that we can do this together as a city.Let me explain. Back in January, for the first time in Bostons modern history, there was no inaugural ball after the mayoral election. There was a reason for that. Inaugural balls are paid for by private donors. You have to raise money. I decided whatever funds we could raise should go to something more important than a party.So we created the Bostons Way Home Fund. The goal is to raise $10 million in private donations. Those funds will leverage a plan, developed with Pine Street Inn, to create 200 new units of permanent supportive housing. That means subsidized rental housing with services that build life skills and connect people to health care and jobs. Ive visited with folks in their new apartments as they begin to rebuild their lives. There is no more meaningful experience Ive had as mayor.Bank of America started us off with a $250,000 donation. And today I can announce 3 more gifts: Mass. General Hospital, Brigham and Womens Hospital, and Partners Healthcare will contribute a combined $1 million. John Fish and Suffolk Construction are making a $1 million donation. And Liberty Mutual is also donating $1 million. I want to thank these generous institutions.We are on our way. I ask every business in our city to do your part. Please visit bostonswayhomefund.org to learn how you can help.Housing our growing city isnt just about what government can do, or what the market can do. Its a responsibility we all take on together.***Opportunity tomorrow means education today. We are dedicated to making the children of Boston full partners in our citys success.The Boston Public Schools four-year graduation rate is up to 72.7%, an increase of nearly 15 points over 10 years. Thats solid progress, a credit to our educators and our students. But we have more work to do. So weve been strengthening pathways all the way from early education into college and career. Were expanding free college savings accounts for five-year-olds and free community college for high school graduates. Were making new investments in rigorous curriculum and 21st- century classrooms. And were doing innovative work in social and emotional learning, homelessness support, and nutrition.Working with the Shah Family Foundation, we are expanding the fresh food pilot that is succeeding in East Boston. By this fall, 30 schools across the city will have new or renovated kitchens producing fresh, nutritious food. Replacing frozen chicken nuggets with fresh grilled chicken and vegetables is more than a menu upgrade. Its an equalizer. Its closing a health gap that prevents many children from learning to their full potential.In addition: this September, roughly 1,000 more children will be enrolled in high-quality pre-kindergarten compared to five years ago. These classrooms are the gold standard in early education. Theyre proven to close the achievement gap.Unfortunately, we still fall short of universal access to high-quality seats. The good news is, we have a path to get there.I want to thank Speaker [Robert] DeLeo and the Legislature for reporting favorably out of committee our bill to fund Universal Pre-K. We have built a model of high-quality early education that the state and the nation are following. Its working and its ready to expand. We just need the resources to reach every child. I ask the full Legislature to advance this bill to the Governors desk and give every young Bostonian the start they need.***Ive made it clear: if were serious about expanding opportunity, we have to break down the racial inequity that built up over many generations in our country. Racial equity has been a central goal of my administration, in everything we do. Its more than talk were taking action.The Hyams Foundation has been a key partner in this work. Executive Director Jocelyn Sargent is here, I want to thank her for her leadership. Today, Hyams released the results of a new survey on opportunity and race relations in Boston. It dives deep into the issues and gives equal weight to every community in our city.The survey shows that Bostonians are passionate about achieving real equity and they are optimistic about our progress. I encourage everyone to explore the report, and help continue this vital conversation.***Everywhere I travel, I talk to leaders of communities that are grappling with race and immigration, climate and infrastructure, opioids and healthcare. More than ever, its cities and its mayors who are taking the lead on the toughest issues.So I want to invite you to be a part of our national leadership right here in Boston. In June, we will host the United States Conference of Mayors for the first time since 2004.Hundreds of mayors from across the country will come to Boston. Well show them our city and together we'll tackle issues from jobs and housing to gun reform and the opioid crisis.This is an opportunity for Boston to share our success, learn from other cities, and lead the national conversation. I invite everyone to help put Bostons best foot forward. You can get involved through the Greater Boston Convention & Visitors Bureau. President Pat Moscaritolo is here, if you want to start right now.***We have a story to tell in Boston. We started the year with First Night and an Inauguration the next day. Last week we hosted March Madness, and next month will bring the Boston Marathon. On One Boston Day, we'll mark the 5th anniversary of the 2013 tragedy with acts of service and kindness. In June well host the BIO Convention with 16,000 biotech leaders from around the world. In addition to the U.S. Conference of Mayors, well put on an international climate summit for cities. We'll host a global startup boot camp, with top entrepreneurs from around the world.And well celebrate our annual traditions: Dozens of college commencements Fourth of July fireworks and the Boston Pops Shakespeare on the Common and the Symphony at Franklin Park and diverse cultural celebrations all across our city. Hopefully well also have a lot of playoff games at TD Garden. We may even have a parade or two, who knows? We are a city of champions, after all.Were also a city of compassion. So I want to say a word about our friend John Nucci of Suffolk University, who is here with us. Hes helped a lot of people over the years, and now he needs some help, as he waits for a kidney transplant. To learn more, visit mghlivingdonors.org. Lets spread the word for John and raise awareness for this important cause.***Boston is a world-class city with the heart of a caring community. Thats how were stoking innovation while driving down inequality. Were strengthening and expanding our middle class. Were showing the nation a way forward on the toughest issues. And were welcoming the world to learn and grow in our great city.At a time when cities must lead, Boston is the leader of cities.And Im prouder than ever to be its mayor.Thank you, God Bless you, and God Bless the City of Boston.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh yesterday joined Governor Charlie Baker, local elected officials and the EDENs development team to celebrate $1,218,000 in MassWorks funding for infrastructure expansion at the South Bay Town Center project in Dorchester. The event was held in the lobby of South Bay's new AMC theatre.""I want to thank the State and the MassWorks Infrastructure Program for their support of the South Bay expansion project and others across the city that will help transform these areas into vibrant centers of activity,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These funds will make way for many important benefits in our neighborhoods from South Boston to Mattapan, and I look forward to bringing continued economic growth throughout all of Boston.""The MassWorks funding will further enhance the public realm surrounding the South Bay Town Center project by creating a new surface road to Enterprise Street, new utility connects, and new sidewalk and landscaping improvements to Massachusetts Avenue. These infrastructure improvements will improve public safety, enhance pedestrian connectivity and upgrade traffic circulation.The South Bay Town Center project, approved by the Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) in 2016, is redeveloping over the acres of currently underused land into a one million square foot, five-building development worth $200 million. The development will include 475 units of housing, including 62 units restricted as affordable, a 130-room hotel, 125,000 square feet of retail and restaurant space, a 12 screen cinema, and parking for approximately 1,100 vehicles. ""The redevelopment of Boston's South Bay will greatly benefit the City and Commonwealth by bringing hundreds of new housing units, critical infrastructure upgrades and significant private investment to Dorchester,"" said Governor Charlie Baker. ""We are proud to wrap up another successful year of MassWorks funding, including more than $85 million in 2017 awards to help create jobs, catalyze transformative opportunities and encourage long-term sustainable growth in our cities and towns.""""EDENS' purpose is to enrich community, and there is no better way to accomplish this goal than to routinely bring people together where they live and where they spend their time with community. We fully support the Governor's and Mayor's housing agenda to address the increasing need for affordable and workforce housing. Sixty-two of the 475 apartments at South Bay will be onsite affordable units,"" said Jodie W. McLean, CEO of EDENS. ""The continued revitalization of the South Bay community translates into more homes, more jobs and many other important social and economic impacts. Our team is actively working on other projects in the Commonwealth that will increase workforce housing, and we look forward to continued collaboration and partnership.""""The MassWorks funding granted to EDENS for the South Bay Expansion project for infrastructure improvements will connect Dorchester, South Boston, Roxbury and the South End, enhance public safety and create new economic opportunities for our community,"" said City Councilor Frank Baker. ""What used to be considered a no man's land will now be a crossroads of four neighborhoods. I am grateful for the partnership we have with Governor Baker, State Representative Nick Collins, and our State delegation for working with us to see this development come to fruition.""Boston received a total of $7,443,000 in MassWorks awards in 2017. In addition to the South Bay project, the following projects received funding:Olmsted Green West Phase III Infrastructure:$3,000,000 will support the full build out of Olmstead Green Campus by Lena New Boston, located at591 Morton Streetin Mattapan. Redevelopment of the 38-acre former Boston State Hospital Site began in 2008, and 151 affordable rental units have been constructed to date. The infrastructure includes the completion the internal public roads and subsurface work necessary to unlock 268 units of housing.MassRobotics:$2,500,000 will support the conversion of 25,000 square feet of storage space in12 Channel Streetinto the second floor of the MassRobotics Innovation Center. The investment will enable MassRobotics to expand and attract more startups in the area.Within ten years, it is estimated that MassRobotics will support the creation of 3,000 new jobs and attract to the Commonwealth over $1 billion of venture capital funding and corporate investments.Madison Melnea Infrastructure Project:$725,000 will provide necessary infrastructure and site work to support the Madison Park Development Corporation, City of Boston, Boston Housing Authority, Preservation of Affordable Housing and Whittier Street Choice Neighborhood Initiative's collaboration to replace the current Whittier Street development with 76 units of affordable housing units including 33 very low-income units.The MassWorks Infrastructure Program provides funds for municipalities and other eligible public entities to support and accelerate housing and job growth in the Commonwealth.MassWorks prepares communities for long-term strength and sustainability, with particular emphasis on projects that support multi-family housing in walkable mixed-use districts, or that support economic development in weak or distressed areas."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Martin Kerrto demolish the single-family dwelling located at 16 Marmion Street in Jamaica Plain, MA 02130.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 5, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Kieran McKinneyto demolish the single-family dwelling at 208 Neponset Valley Parkway, Hyde Park, MA 02136.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 5, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Grim? Indeed. A fact of life? Sadly, yes.Death isnt necessarily the most upbeat topic, but were really excited to show you a new digital tool we created. Through our death certificates app, you can now search the Citys database and order a death certificate online.
April author talks include visits from internationally-known transgender author and speaker Ryan Sallans, Boston Marathon survivors Jessica Kensky and Patrick Downes, award-winning actress Christine Lahti, and more. All programs and events can be viewed via www.bpl.org/calendar.Boston Public Library provides educational, cultural and civic enrichment, free to all, for the residents of Boston, Massachusetts and beyond, through its collections, services, programs, and spaces. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library is a pioneer of public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. As a City of Boston historic cultural institution, Boston Public Library today features a Central Library, twenty-five branches, a map center, business library, archival center extensive special collections of rare books, manuscripts, photographs, and prints and rich digital content and online services. The award-winning renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, completed in 2016, together with new, renovated and historic branches, provide a transformed library for the next generation of users. Boston Public Library enriches lives, hosting thousands of free educational programs and exhibitions, and provides free library services online and in-person to millions of people each year. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
The march will impact traffic and parking. We encouragethose coming into the City to attend not to drive their personal vehicles.Information on Blue Bikes, the regional bike share system, may be found online, as well as information on the MBTA. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that Boston is one of 35 Champion Cities selected as finalists in the 2018 U.S. Mayors Challenge, a nationwide competition that encourages cities to provide bold, inventive ideas to policy challenges.The City of Boston's proposal was a new, more equitable approach to allocating resources for sidewalksreconstruction. With some Boston neighborhoods using the City's constituent services system, 311, up to twice as frequently as others, Boston has implemented a new approach which augments 311 dispatch requests with other factors and data such as community need, pavement condition, and usage with the goal of getting a clearer picture of the condition of city sidewalks in every neighborhood throughout Boston.""Equitable investment in our sidewalks leads to more equitable outcomes in health, safety and neighborhood vitality,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are thrilled to be selected as a Champion City as part of the Bloomberg Philanthropies Mayors Challenge to continue our work in applying an equity lens to all that we do, including sidewalk repairs and reconstruction.""Boston's proposal is one of 35 to rise to the top of a competitive pool of more than 320 applications. The City of Boston now advances to the six-month ""Test, Learn, and Adapt"" phase of the competition. During this process, the City's proposal will receive personalized support from innovation experts, to test and begin a community conversation on the initiative. Boston will then submit a new application in August 2018.In July 2017, Mayor Walsh released Boston's first citywideResilience Strategyfocused on ensuring every resident can reach their full potential regardless of their background, and removing the barriers of systemic racism that hinder Bostonians from having access to opportunities. A goal in the Resilience Strategy includes revamping the sidewalk policy to address sidewalk maintenance and repair by more proactively collecting data on sidewalk conditions citywide.This past fall, the City of Boston's Department of Public Works implemented a new system where, in addition to notifications from residents to the 311 service, the City utilizes a more systematic approach to evenly allocating resources for repairs. Repair crews surveyed all 1,600 miles of Boston sidewalk, collecting and recording data of its condition, and then prioritized repairs based on a number of factors, paying particular attention to areas with socially vulnerable populations who are disproportionately affected by environmental and infrastructural hazards.""We received hundreds of bold and creative ideas from cities around the country in response to the 2018 Mayors Challenge, and these 35 really stood out for their potential to improve people's lives. The next six months are a great opportunity for the cities to test their ideas and make them even more innovative and effective,"" said Michael R. Bloomberg, founder of Bloomberg Philanthropies and three-term Mayor of New York City.""Our sidewalk capital program will prioritize equity, engineering analysis and usage as key drivers for which sidewalks we rebuild each year,"" said Chris Osgood, Chief of Streets. ""We're proud that this decision-making process that foregrounds equity has been recognized by Bloomberg Philanthropies as an innovative solution to an urgent local issue that can be transferable to other municipalities across this country.""In October, Bloomberg Philanthropies will announce the four cities that will receive $1 million awards and the one that will receive a grand prize of $5 million.The 35 Champion Cities performed the best against four key criteria - vision, potential for impact, implementation plan, and potential to spread to other cities. A prestigious selection committee Co-Chaired by Former Ambassador Caroline Kennedy and Former Xerox Chairman & CEO Ursula Burns and comprising distinguished policy experts, artists, academics, business executives and social innovation leaders assessed the applications.The 2018 Mayors Challenge builds on the success of previous Bloomberg-sponsored Challenges in the U.S. (2013), Europe (2014), and Latin America and the Caribbean (2016). For more information, visitmayorschallenge.bloomberg.organd@BloombergCitieson Twitter and Instagram.The Mayor's Office of Resilience and Racial Equity leads efforts to help Boston plan for and deal with catastrophes and slow-moving disasters - like persistent racial and economic inequality - that have become part of 21st century life. For more information about the office, please visit our website:https://www.boston.gov/departments/resilience-and-racial-equity.Go Boston 2030is the City of Boston's long term mobility plan. It envisions a city in a region where all residents have better and more equitable travel choices, where efficient transportation networks foster economic opportunity, and where steps have been taken to prepare for climate change. Whether raveling by transit, on foot, on a bike or by car, people will be able to access all parts of Boston safely and reliably. A list of projects and policies have been developed that are being implemented as early action projects in the near term, and a set of long term projects and policies are intended to be implemented over the next 15 years.Go Boston 2030 complements Imagine Boston 2030, Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years. Imagine Boston 2030 will guide growth to support our dynamic economy and expand opportunity for all residents. The plan prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the City. Shaped by the input of 15,000 residents who contributed their thoughts to the plan, Imagine Boston 2030 identifies five action areas to guide Boston's growth, enhancement and preservation, and is paired with a set of metrics that will evaluate progress and successes. To learn more visit,imagine.boston.gov.Bloomberg Philanthropiesworks in over 120 countries around the world to ensure better, longer lives for the greatest number of people. The organization focuses on five key areas for creating lasting change: Arts, Education, Environment, Government Innovation, and Public Health. Bloomberg Philanthropies encompasses all of Michael R. Bloomberg's charitable activities, including his foundation and his personal giving. In 2016, Bloomberg Philanthropies distributed $600 million. For more information, please visitwww.bloomberg.orgor follow us onFacebook,Instagram,Snapchat, andTwitter."
Individuals of all ages and skill levels are welcome to bring their cameras and participate in these informal sessions led by a photography instructor.Participants will learn techniques for taking impressive photographs of Bostons scenic parks as well as be given a theme to focus on each Sunday. Select photos will be chosen for an exhibit at Boston City Hall.April 8: Horatio Harris Park, 85 Harold Street, RoxburyApril 15: George Wright Golf Course, 420 West Street, Hyde ParkApril 22: Moakley Park, 1005 Columbia Road, South BostonApril 29: Chandler Pond, 95 Lake Shore Drive, BrightonMay 6: Winthrop Square, 55 Winthrop Street, CharlestownFor more information please visit the Boston Parks and Recreation Department atfacebook.com/bostonparksdepartment orboston.gov/parks.Participants must bring their own equipment and can register via email by contacting mavrick.afonso@boston.gov. 
"The free four-day event will take place April 17 to April 20 from 8:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m. daily.Young women from all over Boston are invited to come join our Parks Department for our annual festival of sports clinics and life skills workshops during April school vacation week,"" said Mayor Walsh. Its a great time to have fun, make new friends, and develop new strengths that will help our students grow and learn in the years to come.""Activities will be held at the Reggie Lewis Track & Athletic Center at Roxbury Community College, 1350 Columbus Avenue, and the nearby BCYF Madison Park Community Center, Building 4, 55 Malcolm X Boulevard. The All Girls Sports Festival features a variety of sport clinics and health and wellness workshops supported by local colleges, non-profits, and City of Boston agencies. Free lunch will be also be provided.Participants will find a variety of fun ways to exercise mind, body, and spirit and try out a variety of sports with expert instructors including basketball, tennis, Double Dutch, step dancing, track, swimming, rugby and soccer. Participants must be Boston residents ages 11 to 14 and should wear activity-appropriate clothing.To pre-register go to https://apm.activecommunities.com/cobparksandrecdepart. For more information, please contact Barbara Hamilton at 617-961-3093 or by emailing barbara.hamilton@boston.gov."
Every year, young players from neighborhoods across Boston compete in the Mayor's Cup Tournament for the title of Bostons Best, said Mayor Walsh. This is a great competition that many look forward to every year, and I thank the Boston Bruins for their partnership and support and wish this years players all the best of luck.Additional support is provided by P&G Gillette. Teams will compete in two regions in Mite (ages 7 to 8) and Squirt (ages 9 to 10) divisions. Please note that pre-registration for teams is required with a limit of eight teams per regional division.Region 1 playoffs will take place Tuesday, April 17, at Fallon Field located at 910 South Street in Roslindale. Region 2 playoffs will take place Wednesday, April 18, at Garvey Playground located at 340 Neponset Avenue in Dorchester. Winning teams will meet for the finals at Ryan Playground, located at 74 Alford Street in Charlestown, on Thursday, April 19.To register or for more information, please contact Billy Sittig at billy.sittig@boston.gov or call 617-961-3082.
The clinic series is six weeks long with registration on a first come, first served basis. The first hour of each clinic is the Junior Session (ages 7 to 17), the second hour is the Adult Session (18 and up). There is a maximum of 25 people per session all others will be placed on a waiting list. Equipment is provided, but you may bring your own clubs. Clinicians are highly qualified golf instructors. To register, please contact the sites directly. The clinic schedule is as follows:BCYF Leahy Holloran1 Worrell Street, Dorchester617-635-5150Junior Session: 5 p.m.Adult Session: 6 p.m.BCYF Ohrenberger175 West Boundary Road, West Roxbury617-635-5183Junior Session: 6 p.m.Adult Session: 7 p.m.BCYF Nazzaro30 North Bennett Street, North End617-635-5166Junior Session: 5 p.m.Adult Session: 6 p.m.BCYF Charlestown              255 Medford Street, Charlestown617-635-5169Junior Session: 6 p.m.Adult Session: 7 p.m.BCYF Tynan650 East Fourth Street, South Boston617-635-5110Junior Session: 6 p.m.Adult Session: 7 p.m.Colonel Daniel Marr Boys andGirls Clubhouse35 Deer Street, Dorchester617-288-7120Junior Session: 6 p.m.Adult Session: 7 p.m.BCYF Hyde Park1179 River Street, Hyde Park617-635-5178Junior Session: 6 p.m.Adult Session: 7 p.m.BCYF Perkins155 Talbot Avenue, Dorchester 617-635-5162Junior Session: 6 p.m.Adult Session: 7 p.m.BCYF Quincy885 Washington Street, Chinatown 617-635-5129Junior Session: 5 p.m.Adult Session: 6 p.m.For more info, please contact Billy Sittig at 617-961-3082 or billy.sittig@boston.gov.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from David A. Coonan, Jr. with Upland Architectsto demolish the one-story commercial buildinglocated at 310-320 Neponset Avenue, Dorchester 02122We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 30, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Dawn Johnson with Cumberland Farmsto demolish the gas station structurelocated at 148 Chestnut Hill Avenue in Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 30, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today invited Boston teens to apply for the2018-2019 Mayor's Youth Council.The Mayor's Youth Council (MYC) is a model of youth inclusion in government and civic engagement that has spurred cities across the nation, and even internationally, to examine how they include youth in local government.""I am incredibly proud of what our Mayor's Youth Council has been able to accomplish, and look forward to even more students sharing their voices and ideas on the Council,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Mayor's Youth Council helps ensure we are making decisions that reflect what young people in Boston need to make our city even better, and I encourage all Boston teens to apply for this great opportunity.""The Mayor's Youth Council is a group of 85 high school-aged youth that are committed to improving their communities and empowering other young people in the city. The number of youth representing neighborhoods is based upon census data that indicates where young people live.MYC representatives form issue-centric subcommittees based on input from youth and Mayor Walsh's cabinet structure. In order to apply to be a neighborhood representative on the Mayor's Youth Council, students must be Boston residents and entering grades 9-12 (or of comparable age). All applicants will participate in a group interview and new applicants must submit a letter of recommendation.""I joined the Mayor's Youth Council because I wanted to get involved in something bigger than myself,"" saidMichael Martinez, a 17-year-old student from Roxbury. ""The Youth Council is an opportunity for me to grow, learn, and to be a voice for other youth in the city of Boston.""In the past year, members of the MYC have worked on a variety of issues related to public safety, and civic engagement. The Mayor's Youth Council partners with youth organizations to write the rules and oversee the implementation ofYouth Lead the Change, the community input process for how the City of Boston spends $1 million of the city budget. Youth Lead the Change has funded numerous projects across the city including the expansion of free wifi in Boston's neighborhoods, the installation of water bottle filling stations in parks and increased trash and recycling bins.The MYC is overseen byBoston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF)Division of Youth Engagement & Employment. Northeastern University is a longtime sponsor of the Mayor's Youth Council.To learn more and to apply online,visit Boston.gov. The deadline is Monday, April 13, 2018."
Please join Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF)and Boston Public Schools (BPS) at a community meeting on Tuesday, March 27, from 6 - 8 p.m. at BCYF Cleveland Community Center (Dorchester Academy).This meeting will share information about the relocation of staff and services from the BCYF Cleveland Community Center to the Marshall School building (UP Academy Dorchester) 35 Westville Street and BPS plans to use the Cleveland School (Dorchester Academy) building as a swing space location for the citywide BuildBPS school renovation master plan. The spaces first occupant will be the Boston Arts Academy which will relocate there beginning in September, 2018.Can't make the meeting? Information will be posted online following the meeting at: boston.gov/BCYF-cleveland.
"A crowd of family members, teachers and friends were on hand today to congratulate 20 Boston youth from across the City competing in Bostons eleventh annual BCYF Citywide Spelling Bee at the Boston Public Library in Copley Square.Organized by Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency, and sponsored by the Boston Bruins Foundation, the winner now goes on to the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Washington, D.C., in May. We are very proud to be hosting the BCYF Citywide Spelling Bee for the eleventh year, said William Morales, Commissioner of BCYF. The competition is fierce and the young spellers are truly inspiring. Thank you to our longtime sponsor, the Boston Bruins Foundation, for supporting the BCYF Bee each year and giving us a chance to show off Bostons talented youth.More than 3,000 young people participated in Boston public and parochial school Bees to qualify for the BCYF Citywide Bee. The preparation for the school Bees helps young people improve their spelling, broaden their vocabulary and build self-confidence.Commissioner Morales opened the speaking program and welcomed the spellers and their families and presented each speller with a participation medal. The judges this year were Scot Colford from the Boston Public Library, Michael Farma from the Massachusetts Department of Education and Assistant Superintendent Amalio Nieves of the Boston Public Schools. It was an exciting, suspenseful event with cheers (and some tears) from the audience and participants.The winner of this years Bee was Mira Yu age 12 from the North End who won by spelling ""crescendo correctly. The second place finisher was Nicla Marabito age 10 from the North End and coming in third was Hope Succee age 13 from West Roxbury. The Bee went 11 rounds plus 4 final rounds before the Championship Round.It was an amazing day and I did not expect to win, said Yu. I am daunted by the thought of the National Bee but I am going to continue to study.The Scripps National Spelling Bee is the nations largest and longest-running spelling bee. School children from all over the country meet in Washington D.C. every May to compete in the National Bee. The one and only winner from Massachusetts was in 1939. In addition to an all-expenses paid trip to the National Bee, the BCYF Spelling Bee winner received a dictionary, a $100 savings bond, and a trophy. Second place and third place finishers received Barnes and Noble gift cards and trophies."
If you have any questions, please contact the Parking Clerk at617-635-4410 or parking@boston.gov.
"For three winters, the challenge has encouraged youth to shovel out a fire hydrant and have their parents post a before and after photo on social media, using the hashtag #HydrantChallenge. Upon completion of the challenge, Councilor OMalley rewards each child with a $5 gift card to J.P Licks!One hundred children participated in the challenge during the last storm. Councilor OMalley said, ""I am thrilled to help spread civic engagement and public safety awareness among young Bostonians and delighted to treat them to a JP Lick's ice cream after their service to their neighborhood.""There are rumors swirling that Boston may get hit with another storm this week. If that is the case, Councilor OMalley and youth citywide will be ready to take on the challenge!"
Mamousette began swimming when he was six months old and at the age of six joined the Learn-To-Swim program at the YMCA. After one session, his instructor Sabrina Chung recommended that he join the swim team under the guidance of Coach Jason Chung.Coach Chungs elite team of swimmers, including Mamousette, has been participating in New Englands highest level competitions, and this month four of the teams swimmers will be heading to the National Zones competition in Rochester, New York.Councilor Essaibi-George said, Because of dedicated coaches and instructors like Sabrina and Jason, and organizations like the Dorchester YMCA, youth are being empowered to develop and strengthen their skills like Azariah has.This past December, Mamousette set a new record in New England on the 10 and under 50 free record, breaking the record set back in 1997. He then went on to break his own record two months later in February. Earlier this month Mamousette made history again by breaking two New England YMCA records at the championships in the 50 Backstroke and the 50 Freestyle.The Council wishes Mamousette and his teammates the best of luck in their upcoming competitions.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston will once again honor Boston's resilience, generosity and strength on April 15, now known as ""One Boston Day."" The day serves as an opportunity to recognize the good in our community, celebrate one another, and reflect on the spirit and resilience of the people of Boston that was exemplified in response to the loss and tragedies of April 15, 2013.Individuals and organizations are encouraged to share their plans for One Boston Day on theofficial websiteand on social media using the hashtag #OneBostonDay.""One Boston Day has turned the Marathon into a movement our entire city has rallied around, spreading the message of kindness and goodwill across the world,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""April 15 will forever be a day that represents the resilience of the human spirit, and I hope everyone can mark this day in a way that showcases the very best of our city and its people.""The Mayor made the announcement at the unveiling of the 2018 Boston Marathon street banners at Marathon Sports on Boylston Street.""One Boston Day"" encourages random acts of kindness and spreading goodwill, and activities across the City will encourage individuals to give back to their community. The tradition came together in 2015 based on the desire expressed by many survivors to pass on the kindness, generosity and support they received following the 2013 Boston Marathon.In every year since its official establishment in 2015, on April 15, #OneBostonDay has been a leading trend nationally on social media. Last year alone there were over 43,000 posts across social channels. As in the past, Hill Holiday is serving as the creative and digital marketing partner to help spread awareness and raise the visibility of One Boston Day."
Please be advised that there will be a polling location change affecting voters of ward 17 precincts 1 and 3 in the Codman Square and Four Corners sections of Dorchester. This change only impacts the April 3, 2018, Special State Primaries. The Codman Square Tech Center is the regular polling location, but it is not available on April 3 due to the previously scheduled Income Tax Clinics. All impacted registered voters will be notified by 1st class mail at least 10 days prior to each Special State Election. There will be signage at each location to direct voters, as well as handouts on April 3to remind voters of the temporary change.To check your ward and precinct, please visit our website Boston.gov/elections or call us at (617-635-VOTE).WARD 17 (Precincts 1 and 3)Voting locationApril 3 Polling LocationRoxbury Prep - Lucy Stone Campus, 22 Regina Road, Dorchester. Vote in Cafeteria.May 1, Polling Location(regular polling location)Codman Square Tech Center, 450 Washington Street, Dorchester.All polling locations hours are from 7 a.m. - 8 p.m. on April 3, 2018. For information about voting absentee, please visit our websiteor call us at (617-635-VOTE). Absentee applications and voting absentee in person deadline is noon on April 2.To view all of the polling locations for the April 3 Special State Primaries please visit Boston.gov/elections.For more information, please contact the Boston Election Department at 617-635-VOTE (8683) or email election@boston.gov.
Funded by Mayor Martin J. Walshs Capital Plan, the Boston Public Works Department, and the Boston Planning & Development Agency, the project involves improvements to the plaza located at 2 Boylston Street including a monument and interpretative gathering space, paving, lighting, and landscaping. The Parks Department will also be planting a disease-resistant elm tree in tribute to the original Liberty Tree.Site furnishings will include moveable tables and chairs. Existing food trucks and programming will return after the projects completion which is estimated to take six months. Access will be maintained to at least one entrance of the China Trade Building during working hours throughout the duration of the construction period.The site marks the location of the original elm known between 1765 and 1775 as the Liberty Tree that served as the rallying point for the Sons of Liberty, colonists who protested the Stamp Act in 1765. The tree became an important symbol of their cause as they began the struggle that led to the Revolutionary War and independence from the British.The plaza was last renovated around 1976. It was originally created when Boylston Street was realigned so utilities including steam, electric, water, sewer, gas, and even the Chinatown MBTA station currently lie beneath.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Fernando Dalfiorto demolish the single-family dwelling located at 16 Howe Street, Dorchester, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 26,2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the winners of the 2018 Love Your Block mini-grants, a program that awards funds to neighborhoods throughout Boston for beautification projects, highlighting thepeople and culture in Boston's neighborhoods. Out of the 60 applications, five winners were chosen to receive funding of up to $3,000.""I congratulate all the winners of the Love Your Block mini-grants,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These grants will go a long way to help bring residents and communities together. Through the Love Your Block program, we are encouraging residents of Boston to show their love for their neighborhoods, one block at a time. ""In November 2017, Mayor Walsh opened up the applications citywide for the 2018 Love Your Block mini-grant application cycle. Neighborhood mini-grant winners are awarded up to $3,000 to either implement or revitalize a public space used to address a larger issue identified by the community. Examples of projects include community gardens, art installations, and placemaking.""We are thrilled to invest in our community and bring an underutilized park to life,"" said Ginaya Greene-Murray, a member of the Charlestown Coalition chosen to help create a 'peace park' at Mt. Vernon Plaza. ""To bring everyone together, especially those who have lost a loved one, while making a difference for the community as a whole makes us very excited.""The Love Your Block mini-grant award selection committee included representatives from the Love Your Block team, Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services Liaisons, Public Works Department, Parks & Recreation, Boston Transportation Department, City Hall To Go Program, Department of Neighborhood Development and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture.Charlestown: Charlestown Sprouts Community Garden$800 to revitalize the community garden by updating infrastructure: repairing a broken compost bin, creating a garden message board, repairing the water control box covering and adding additional garden plots.Charlestown: The Charlestown Coalition$2,700 to create a ""peace park"" at Mt. Vernon Plaza -- with landscaping, water features and memory rocks -- to help bring awareness to those suffering from trauma, and substance use disorders.South Boston: Round Table$3,000 to turn a vacant lot into a community garden as an extension of a new community center that seeks to educate and engage residents of all ages in conversations around healthy eating and environmentalism.Dorchester: Mt. Bowdoin Betterment Association$1,000 to beautify the corner lot by planting perennials, revitalizing the garden plots and installing trellises decorated with artwork.Mattapan: Mattapan Branch of the Boston Public Library$500 to rebuild community garden beds, as well as raise the garden beds for easier accessibility for children and seniors.The Love Your Block program is a partnership between the City of Boston and Cities of Service. Cities of Service is a national nonprofit organization that helps Mayors and City leaders tap the knowledge, creativity, and service of citizens to solve public problems and create vibrant cities. The City of Boston was one of six cities selected in June 2015 to receive two AmeriCorps VISTA members per year, program consulting support, and $30,000 to plan and implement Love Your Block over the course of three years. Moving forward the City of Boston will incorporate this program under the Mayor's Office of Civic Engagement, as a yearlong initiative."
"Sarah Fuller was born in Weston, Massachusetts, in 1836. She worked as a teacher in Newton and Boston. Early in her teaching career, she became interested in deaf education. By her early 30s, she was taking classes at the Clarke School for the Deaf. After completing her training, she became the principal at Bostons ""Deaf and Dumb School,"" which was later renamed the Horace Mann School.At the Horace Mann School, Sarah worked with Alexander Graham Bell to train the school staff to teach deaf children to speak. Sarah advocated for the practice of teaching deaf children to speak. She also promoted early childhood education for deaf children.In 1890, after years of experience teaching deaf children to speak, Sarah Fuller gave Helen Keller her first speech lesson. Though this became perhaps the singlebest-known episode in Sarahs life, it represented years of work with hundreds of deaf children. Fuller worked with both Helen Keller and Helen's teacher, Anne Sullivan.Sarah gave Helen about eleven speech lessons, and then Anne Sullivan continued the lessons. The photograph below shows Anne Sullivan giving Helen Keller a speech lesson.Sarah retired from the Horace Mann School in 1910, but the school still operates today. It is the oldest public day school for deaf and hard of hearing students in the United States. It owes much of its success to the work of Sarah Fuller."
The St. Patricks Day Parade, as well as the South Boston Boys and Girls Club Road Race, will be held in South Boston on Sunday, March 18, 2018. The parade and road race will result in street closures and traffic detours in South Boston and reduce on-street parking availability. Those coming into South Boston for the festivities are strongly encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Blue Bikes, the regional bike share system, may be found at www.thehubway.com , and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket.The parade will take place beginning at 1 PM on West Broadway at the Broadway MBTA Station and ending on East Broadway at Farragut Road. Broadway will be closed to traffic from approximately 10 AM to 4 PM.The road race will begin at 11 AM on West Sixth Street at the Boys and Girls Club and will end at Noon. Traffic will be delayed along the route as runners make their way to the finish line. The route will be from West Sixth Street to Dorchester Street, right onto East Broadway, down and around the Farragut Statue at Day Boulevard, to East Broadway, right onto West Broadway, left onto E Street, left onto West Sixth Street, ending at the Boys and Girls Club at #230 West Sixth Street.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday and Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that due to the significant amount of snow that fell in Boston during yesterday's blizzard, the St. Patrick's Day Parade route will be modified to follow the established snow route to ensure the safety of participants and spectators. The snow route starts at Broadway Station and ends at Farragut Road.""Our number one priority will always be to keep our residents safe at all times,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The snow route has allowed for a safe and enjoyable celebration in other years when there has been heavy snow before the parade, and I commend the Public Works Department for working diligently to ensure that Broadway will be safe and accessible by Sunday."" ""The Boston Police Department manages numerous special events throughout the year, including parades, and reviews all aspects of public safety,"" said Boston Police Commissioner William B. Evans. ""Yesterday's snowfall makes it more difficult to manage this weekend's parade in South Boston and it has created a situation where we do not feel that it is safe enough for children and families to watch the parade, especially on side streets, which are already difficult to navigate after a storm. It is important not to add more congestion to the roads in the neighborhood. Utilizing the snow route that has been successful in years past and will be safer for all of us.""With the parking ban in place through 5 p.m. today, Boston Public Works Department (PWD) removed 1,800 cubic yards of snow overnight from Broadway. Over the next several nights, PWD will focus on continued snow removal and opening the sidewalks on Broadway to ensure safety and accessibility on the designated snow route."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the snow emergency and parking ban will be lifted at5 p.m., giving residents parked in a discounted parking lot or garage until7 p.m.to move their cars before regular rates start to apply. The Public Works Department (PWD) will continue with snow removal operations throughout the city today. For live updates on PWD's snow removal operations, please visitMayor Walsh's Twitter account.""I'd like to thank residents for great compliance with the snow emergency and parking ban,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""It allows our hardworking crews to effectively and efficiently remove snow, making our streets safer for all. I ask everyone to keep up the good work and make sure they take another pass of shoveling of the sidewalks and pedestrian ramps in front of their properties to ensure accessibility for everyone.""Sidewalks are required to be shoveledwithin three hoursof sunrise if snow stops falling overnight. At this point, properties may be ticketed for unshoveled sidewalks.While the blizzard has ended, there is still a fair amount of snow in Boston and there may be additional light snowfall around the evening commute. Residents are reminded to be cautious on the road and mindful of pedestrians and other drivers.Residents are able to look up towed cars on theCity of Boston's online database, call the Boston Transportation Department (BTD) at617-635-3900or call the Boston Police Department at617-343-4629to find out which tow company was used if it was not towed by BTD.Residents are encouraged to sign up for emergency notifications throughAlertBostonand utilize the311call center for non-emergency related issues. Please follow@CityofBostonand visitboston.gov/snowfor the latest updates."
The Boston Transportation Department (BTD) plans to host eleven open houses this spring to finalize plans for more than 70 new bike share stations in the City. Boston residents are encouraged to drop in to an open house and share comments in person. An online survey is available as well at: www.boston.gov/bike-share-expansion .Expanding bike share to increase the number of bikes and stations, and improve bike share access for Bostonians, is a goal of Go Boston 2030, the City of Bostons long term transportation plan. Bike Share Network Expansion is referenced in the projects Vision and Action Plan released in the spring of 2017.In the fall of 2017, BTD asked residents to identify locations where theyd like to see bike share service in Boston, said Boston Transportation Department Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. Hundreds of residents made suggestions on an online map and others contributed at 28 public workshops hosted by BTD. As a result, we now have a list of more than 120 locations that meet or exceed the technical needs for bike share stations, and comments from residents this spring will help to inform the final locations.New stations will be installed starting in June 2018. Open houses focused on these installations will take place as follows.DATEDROP-IN HOURSLOCATIONTuesday, March 206:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.BCYF Perkins155 Talbot Ave, DorchesterThursday, March 226:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.BCYF Charlestown255 Medford St, CharlestownTuesday, March 276:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.BCYF Jackson/Mann500 Cambridge St, AllstonWednesday, March 286:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.Tenants Development Corporation23 Wellington St, BostonSaturday, March 3110:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.BCYF Curtis Hall20 South St, Jamaica PlainWednesday, April 046:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.Boston Public Library700 Boylston St, BostonThursday, April 056:30 p.m. - 8:30 p.m.BCYF Condon200 D St, South BostonTuesday, April 106:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.Boston City Hall1 City Hall Plaza, BostonWednesday, April 116:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.BCYF Tobin1481 Tremont St, BostonThursday, April 126:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.Massachusetts Affordable Housing Alliance1803 Dorchester Ave, DorchesterThursday, April 126:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.Roslindale Community Center6 Cummins Highway, RoslindaleThe City of Boston recently announced a new, regional partnership with Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Massachusetts and other municipal owners of the Hubway bike share system. The existing Hubway system will be rebranded as Blue Bikes this spring, reflecting Blue Cross support for expanding and growing the bike share system with the partner municipalities.Bike share is an affordable transportation option, with full-priced annual memberships available for just $99 per year. The recently-launched income-eligible program provides $5 monthly memberships and $50 annual memberships to individuals over the age of 16 who participate in various public assistance programs.More information about bike share in Boston is available at: https://www.boston.gov/departments/boston-bikes/hubwayGo Boston 2030 is the City of Bostons long term mobility plan. It envisions a city in a region where all residents have better and more equitable travel choices, where efficient transportation networks foster economic opportunity, and where steps have been taken to prepare for climate change. Whether traveling by transit, on foot, on a bike or by car, people will be able to access all parts of Boston safely and reliably. A list of projects and policies have been developed that are being implemented as early action projects in the near term, and a set of long term projects and policies are intended to be implemented over the next 15 years.
"On Saturday, March 17, Bostons best youth spellers in grades 4 through 7 will compete in the eleventh annual citywide youth Spelling Bee hosted by Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), the City of Boston's largest youth and human service agency. The winner will go on to participate in the Scripps National Spelling Bee, the nation's largest and longest-running spelling bee, in Washington, D.C. in May. Each of the spellers won a bee at their school in order to qualify for BCYF'sBee.Last year the Bee went 14 rounds plus an incredible 13 final rounds before the Championship Round. The 9 year old champion won by spelling ""cacophony correctly. The Bees longtime sponsor is the Boston Bruins Foundation.WHEN: Saturday, March 17, 10 a.m.WHERE: Boston Public Library Central Branch, Copley Square,Rabb Lecture Hall"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced preparations fortonight'ssnowstorm, which is expected to bring 12-18 inches of snow, along with strong winds of 15-30 MPH and gusts between 40-50 MPH.A Winter Storm Warning is in effect from11 p.m.tonightthrough8 p.m.on Tuesday. Public Works crews will begin pre-treating the roads this evening, and will have 700 pieces of equipment on hand over the course of the storm to clear roadways once snowfall begins. Boston's Emergency Operations Centerwill be monitoring the storm.""We are encouraging residents to stay off the roads, to assist older residents and those with disabilities, and to keep up with the shoveling of their property throughout the stormtomorrow,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage Boston's employers to take the weather into considerationtomorrow. The City offers a number of resources geared towards keeping residents safe and aware of current conditions. I ask each and every single Boston resident to remain vigilant, stay safe and look after their neighbors.""Closures:Boston Public Schools will be closed on Tuesday, March 13.All Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) community centers will be closed.Boston Public Libraries will be closed.For City of Boston employees, only public safety, emergency management and snow operations personnel are required to report to worktomorrow.Parking:The City of Boston is putting a Snow Emergency and Parking Ban into effect on main roads beginning at7:00 p.m.this evening, and towing will begin at10:00 p.m.Discounted parking will be available in designated garages beginning today at5:00 p.m.Locations and pricing information can be found at:Boston.gov/snow.Residents are encouraged to stay off the roads, and take public transportation if needed.Preparations:The Public Works Department (PWD) will begin pre-treating roadways overnight.PWD will have over 700 pieces of equipment treating roads and plowing snow during the height of the storm.PWD will have over 26,000 tons of salt available.Several city departments, including BPD, EMS and 311 will have extra support available to assist residents.Tomorrow'sscheduled trash and recycling collection is canceled in the following neighborhoods: Fenway, Lower Roxbury, Mission Hill and the South End. The next scheduled collection day for these neighborhoods will take place onFriday, March 16th, 2018. Charlestown regular schedule will take place onWednesday March 14th, 2018.Regular collection schedule for Beacon Hill, North End, Chinatown, Bay Village, Downtown, North End, Back Bay and sections of Roxbury that have trash/recycling collections 2 times per week (Mon/Thur).All other sections of the City will be delayed a day. For the full schedule and to download the Trash Day app:available online.Street-sweeping is canceled bothMondaynight throughTuesday.Rules on Clearing Snow:Property owners must fully clear snow, sleet and ice from sidewalks and curb ramps abutting the propertywithin three hoursafter the snowfall ends or three hours after sunrise if the snow ends overnight.Curb and pedestrian ramps to the street should be cleared fully and continually over the duration of the storm to ensure accessibility for individuals with disabilities. As the storm will last over an extended period of time, property owners are asked to continually check ramps abutting their property for compliance.Failure to comply can result in a fine issued by PWD's Code Enforcement Division.Removal of snow, ice from a private property to the street or sidewalk is prohibited and can result in a fine issued by PWD's Code Enforcement Division.Do not throw snow onto the street. Fines associated with improper removal of snow can be foundhere.Safety Tips:Remember to keep catch basins and fire hydrants clear. For a map of catch basins and fire hydrants, visithttp://www.bwsc.orgShoveling snow requires significant exertion please be cautious and pay attention to symptoms. Stop if you feel chest pain, shortness of breath, lightheaded, nauseous/vomiting. Call 911 if those symptoms do not resolve quickly when you stop exertion.Snow piles can make navigating intersections dangerous for walkers and drivers, please take extra care when turning corners with snowpiles that might limit visibility.Pedestrians should use caution as visibility will be diminished due to blowing and drifting of the snow caused by high winds.Carbon Monoxide poisoning is a concern during winter weather, especially with the use of generators. Residents should be sure to use their home heating systems wisely and safety, and have a working carbon monoxide detector on each floor of your home. Call 911 immediately if you suspect carbon monoxide poisoning.Sitting in a car while idling can be deadly if the tailpipe is blocked. Do not let children sit in an idling car while shoveling. Clear any household exhaust pipes of snow. For example, gas exhaust from heating system or dryer.Please check on neighbors, especially the elderly and those with disabilities.Have a contractor check the roof to see if snow needs to be removed. If roof snow can be removed from the ground with the use of a snow-rake, do so with caution. Avoid working from ladders and be mindful of slippery surfaces.Helping the Homeless:If you see homeless individuals out in the cold who appear immobile, disoriented or underdressed for the cold, please call 911.The Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) coordinates a city-wide network of emergency shelters, outreach providers, city agencies and first responders to assist those in need of shelter.Emergency shelters are open 24 hours and will accept any person in need. Men can access shelters through112 Southampton Street, and women should go to the Woods-Mullen Shelter at794 Massachusetts Ave. BPHC and the City are working closely with shelter providers to ensure that no client is without shelter, food, resources, and a warm respite from the cold.Emergency shelters are open 24 hours and will accept any person in need.During extreme cold weather, street outreach teams operate with extended hours and provide mobile outreach vans on the streets in the evening and throughout the day. Find more information here.Residents are encouraged to sign up for emergency notifications throughAlertBostonand utilize the311call center for non-emergency related issues. Please follow@CityofBostonand visitboston.gov/snowfor the latest updates."
The Boston Marathon and the Citys PatriotsDay Parade will be held onMonday, April 16. The BAA 5K andInvitational Mile will be held onSaturday, April 14. During the weekend, there will be street closures and parking restrictions in the Back Bay, Beacon Hill, Brighton, Fenway-Kenmore, the North End, and Government Center.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined the staff of Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), City and elected officials, representatives of Boston youth serving agencies and over 1,000 Boston teens at the City of BostonSuccessLinkYouth Job & Resource Fair at the Reggie Lewis Track & Athletic Center at Roxbury Community College.""SuccessLink offers our youth the incredible opportunity to not only earn a paycheck, but also gain critical professional and life skills,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We must make sure our youth have opportunities to continue learning and growing throughout the summer months. We're looking forward to matching our bright young people with great employers for the upcoming summer.""At the Job Fair, youth who have applied for a summer job throughSuccessLink, the Mayor's Summer Jobs Program online tool, or who are planning to, had the opportunity to engage with over 100 Boston non-profit and public agencies that employ youth during the summer. There were also resource tables with important information and opportunities for teens, and interactive stations to help youth work on skills related to their employment search. Over 3,000 youth are employed each summer through the Mayor's Summer Jobs Program.""Today's Youth Job & Resource Fair shows that the Walsh Administration firmly believes that every youth, regardless of zip code, deserves an opportunity to reach their full potential and succeed,"" said Boston's Health & Human Services Chief, Marty Martinez. ""The Job Fair provides a supportive space for youth to learn about the job search process, gain essential, real world networking skills, and put those skills to practice by connecting with over 100 employers that are ready to hire.""TheSuccessLinkapplication will be available through 11:59 p.m. on Friday, March 30, 2018. Teens can apply 24 hours a day on the Boston Centers for Youth & Families (YEE) website atyouth.boston.gov. Teens interested in applying must be a full-time resident of the City of Boston must turn 15 years old on or before Monday, July 9, 2018 cannot turn 19 years old, on or before Friday, August 17, 2018 and must be legally permitted to work in the United States. Youth who apply through SuccessLink can also get connected to resources and join civic engagement initiatives designed to empower youth. Applicants can also manage and update their information online. SuccessLink uses a lottery algorithm to improve the fairness and efficiency with placing youth in jobs.""When I first turned 15 I was so excited to register for SuccessLink,"" said Ashawn Dabney-Small, age 16, from Dorchester. Going through the process was easy because I had individuals from YEE helping me through it. The Job Fair is great because it brings everyone together in one location and gives youth a chance to branch out, try new things and get help and information!""Boston is a leader in youth employment across the nation with a focus on offering meaningful employment opportunities to young people ages 15-18. Under the leadership of Mayor Walsh, 10,000 Boston youth are placed in jobs each summer through SuccessLink and other Boston youth employment efforts. Summer opportunities include paid positions with local cultural attractions, media outlets, Boston municipal government departments and as tutors, mentors and counselors at many summer day programs. Last summer 3,015 young people were employed through SuccessLink at over one hundred community based organizations. BCYF YEE also manages a school year jobs program which hires over 500 youth each year.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Boston's largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayor's Summer Jobs Program."
"Building on Mayor Walsh's commitment to improve overall access to healthy food, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that FoodCorps members will serve in Boston Public Schools (BPS) in the 2018-2019 school year. Applications are available through March 15, 2018, for individuals with an interest in serving their community.Beginning in August 2018, individuals selected for the Boston program will teach BPS students hands-on lessons in growing, cooking and tasting food will collaborate with food service staff and work alongside school administrators and teachers to foster a district-wide culture that increases access to healthy school meals.""FoodCorps implements a model that engages communities and educates residents about fresh fruits and vegetables through hands-on lessons. This program creates a fun and healthy culture around food that will last long after they walk out of the classroom,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am excited to witness the success of the new class of passionate FoodCorps public servants in their journey to provide every child with the opportunity for a healthy future.""As part of the Mayor's inauguration speech in January, he committed to scaling up the new food pilot program that's active at East Boston High School, the Kennedy School, the Bradley School, and East Boston Early Education Center, until every student gets at least two fresh, nutritious meals every day across the district.Last July, BPSannounced that Revolution Foods, a national school meal provider focused on transforming the way America eats by providing access to healthy, affordable meals to students and families, has been selected as the district's prepared breakfast and lunch provider through 2020. The FoodCorps members will support the work underway by Revolution Foods.FoodCorps members will join the City of Boston with the goal of advancing the BOSFoodLove program. BOSFoodLove is a partnership between the BPS Food and Nutrition Services Department, Mayor's Office of Food Access, and Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, whose missions support Bostonians having access to the fresh and nutritious food they need and want. BOSFoodLove will improve access to fresh fruits and vegetables among BPS students through increased participation in and consumption of school meals.The BOSFoodLove FoodCorps service members will serve the BOSFoodLove project by helping to build and convene a coalition of families and staff under the direction of the Office of Food Access. FoodCorps members will support implementation of student engagement activities that the Coalition members identify as ways to effectively increase participation in school meals among BPS students, such as schoolwide cooking demonstrations and contests, cafeteria taste tests, hands-on gardening and cooking lessons, and district-wide surveying of students and families.""The FoodCorps program is an incredible opportunity for individuals to gain hands-on experience in understanding and addressing food insecurity,"" said Chief of Health and Human Services, Marty Martinez. ""The program provides opportunities for individuals to gain real world on the ground experience in addressing food insecurity, important professional development skills, and networking opportunities that will give rise to the next generation of strong leaders we need.""""It's exciting to see the community come together to expand access to healthy, delicious food for our students,"" said BPS Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""When students are well-fed with nutritious meals, they learn better and have a fuller quality of life. What's unique about this program is that adults are talking to students to learn more about what's important to them when it comes to what they eat.""""What we feed our children in school--and what we teach them about food there--shapes their health and success over a lifetime. By joining FoodCorps, you will have a chance to do something incredibly important: connect children in your community to healthy food, and give them the opportunity to grow, learn and thrive,"" said Curt Ellis, FoodCorps co-founder and Chief Executive Officer.Individuals interested in becoming FoodCorps members for the City of Boston should visithttps://foodcorps.org/apply. FoodCorps selects individuals 18 years of age or older with a high school degree or GED to dedicate one year of full-time, paid public service. Applications must be submitted on or before March 15.Created by Mayor Walsh, the Mayor's Office of Food Access works to improve equitable access to nutritious food in order to foster a more food secure city with vibrant, inclusive food cultures, reflective of the diverse residents of the Boston.Last summer, the Mayor's Office of Food Access, BPS and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics piloted ""Lunch on the Lawn,"" which served young people 18 or under lunch at City Hall during the summer months at no cost. Over 1000 meals were served at this site during its first summer. The Mayor's Office of Food Access also piloted a ""Books and Bites"" summer meals site with the Boston Public Library, Project Bread, and the Mattapan Food and Fitness Coalition, and served over 2,000 meals at the Mattapan Branch of the Boston Public Library. During Mayor Walsh's inauguration address at the beginning of this year, he pledged to increase the scale of BPS's fresh food ""Hub and Spoke"" pilot program, which includes renovating school kitchen facilities as part ofBuildBPS, Boston's $1 billion plan to upgrade schools across the district.As the City's civic research and development team, the New Urban Mechanics pilot experiments that aim to improve the quality of life for Boston's residents. The team's work around food access has included increasing student access to fresh salads exploring weekend food access via schools prototyping ways to increase low-income residents' access to fresh fruits and vegetables and increasing the prevalence of summer meals sites located in municipal buildings.FoodCorps is a nationwide team of AmeriCorps leaders who connect kids to real food and help them grow up healthy. Serving alongside educators and community leaders, FoodCorps members partner with schools to create a nourishing environment for all students."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Timothy Sheehan with HostetterHomesto demolish the single-family dwellinglocated at 502 Third Street in South Boston,MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 30, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
The Boston Transportation Department is advising drivers that traffic and parking will be impacted in the Back Bay on Saturday, March 10,and Sunday, March 11, 2018, due to work taking place as part of MassDOTs Mass Ave Bridge Replacement Project.From 7 AM on Saturday through 7 PM on Sunday, Massachusetts Avenue, between the Commonwealth Avenue surface roadways, will be closed to all traffic. Detours will be in place as follows.Vehicle Detour Routes:Bicycle and Pedestrian Detour Route:To ensure emergency vehicle access and ease congestion in the neighborhood, temporary Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday & Sunday parking restrictions will be implemented on the following streets.For more details about the Mass Ave Bridge Replacement Project, please visit the website at www.mass.gov/massdot/massavebridge.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with the Mayors Office of Womens Advancement, today announced several exhibits featuring female artists are on display in the City Hall galleries in honor of Womens History Month.In honor of Womens History Month, we are proud to shine a spotlight on the women who over the course of history have made significant contributions to the Citys arts sector, said Mayor Walsh. I encourage everyone to come take a look at the diverse collection of artwork featured this month in the City Hall galleries to get a glimpse of the remarkable work that local artists produce in the City of Boston everyday.The fifth floor Mayors Gallery features the work of the late textile artist Theresa-India Young, and celebrates her life as a teacher, artist, and ethnic weaving activist. In 2013, a scholarship was established at Mass. College of Art and Design in her name to ensure the longevity of this cultural art form.The Scollay Square Gallery on the third floor of Boston City Hall houses the ""March Four Women exhibit, which features the work of four female members of the Boston Printmakers Association: Clara Lieu, Emily Lombardo, Carolyn Muskat, and Debra Olin. March Four Women showcases four different techniques of printmaking including large-scale woodcuts, multi-color lithographs, etchings and monotypes. Each of the artists uses the strategies of printmaking in her own unique way to address universal human concerns.Clyde Ann Nelsons African American Heritage Stop is showcased in the fifth floor Mayors Display Case and the eighth floor hallway of Boston City Hall. Nelson, who started her collection of African-American artifacts, posters, and photographs more than 50 years ago, has been sharing her love of African-American history with many local communities for several years, including Mattapan.Judy's Creations Boston is a quilt exhibit featuring the work of Judy Kilgore, a member of the Proper Bostonian Quilters Guild. Taught to sew as a child by her mother and trained professionally as an artist and art teacher, Kilgore looks to nature as a source of inspiration for her art. This exhibit, which is located on the fifth floor balcony of City Hall and is visible from the third floor mezzanine, is a sampling of Kilgores Flora and Fauna Quilts.We are very excited to recognize the extraordinary work done by the women artists of Boston this month, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. From the iconic pieces of public artwork created by women, to the five female artists currently serving as the City of Bostons artists-in-residence, there is an abundance of women that deserve to be celebrated for their prodigious contributions to the Citys cultural landscape.The exhibits will remain in the galleries until March 31, 2018, and the galleries are free and open to the public. You can learn more on our City Hall galleries website."
According to the New York Times and the Gun Violence archive, at least 239 school shootings have taken place since the 2012 shooting at the Sandy Hook school in Newtown, CT, claiming the lives of at least 138 individuals. Just recently, gun violence took the lives of 17 students at the Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida last month.The Council adopted a Resolution to Support the March for Our Lives and Comprehensive Action to Halt the Epidemic of Gun Violence. The March for Our Lives movement is created by, inspired by, and led by students across the USA who will no longer risk their lives waiting for someone else to take action to stop the epidemic of mass school shootings that have become all too familiar.The failure to regulate the use and ownership of lethal weapons presents an ongoing public health crisis across the United States. Councilor Edwards stated that the fear of gun violence is not only growing but impacting the way people go to school and also how they teach. She added that, There are children leading the way in this conversation and we should be proud that they are stepping up.According to Boston.com, the Boston march will begin atnoononMarch 24and run until5 p.m.Organizers say the official route is expected to be published early next month, but that the march will coalesce on the Common for performances and speakers.
After graduatingfrom Girls High, Jessie enrolled at Tufts College and then was accepted into the Tufts School of Dentistry. Even though Jessie was well qualified for the dentistry program, some at the school bristled at her acceptance. Jessie recounted that shortly after she enrolled at the school, one of the deans said to her, Youll have to find your own patients, you know. Jessie replied, That will be just fine with me.Jessie didfind her own patients. After graduating in 1920, she set up her own practice on Tremont Street. At first, business was slow, but she built up a clientele. She successfully practiced in Roxbury for almost 50 years. The tax record below shows Jessies practice located at 80 Monroe Street in 1939. Jessie worked to help other black women enter the professional workforce. In 1926, she banded together with six other black professional women to found the Psi Omega Chapter of the Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, the oldest predominantly black sorority in the United States. The chapter focused on leadership development among black women and provided scholarships to young black women.You can visit Jessies home and office on the Roxbury Womens History Trail.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City's continued preparations for the winter storm, which is expected to bring 4 to 8 inches of heavy, wet snow with most snow accumulating after8pmtonightand ending around6amThursdaymorning. A winter storm warning will be in effect until1pmThursdayafternoon. Sustained winds of 10-20MPH are expected throughout the duration of the storm, with wind gusts up to 40MPH.""As always, safety is our number one priority. We are encouraging residents to stay off the roads, assist the elderly and disabled, and be sure to use caution during the cold weather,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Please remember to abide by safety guidelines, call 3-1-1 with any questions, and be safe.""Residents are encouraged to stay off the roads, and take public transportation if needed. Emergency personnel who need transport, such as doctors and nurses, are encouraged to call 3-1-1 to be connected.Boston Public Works has 30,000 tons of rock salt ready to be distributed, and has over 700 pieces of equipment available to be used throughout the duration of the storm. The City's main focus continues to be on clearingmain streets, roadways and responding to public requests for plowing and salting. Boston Police and EMS has an increased presence and will be ready to assist people in every neighborhood.Residents are encouraged to sign up for emergency notifications throughAlertBostonand utilize the 311 call center for non-emergency related issues. 311 is operational 24 hours a day, and will have extra stafftomorrowto respond to calls. To find out more information about resources and services available to residents, please visitboston.gov/snow.All Boston Centers for Youth & Families Community centers will be open during normal business hours. Please check theirschedules here.Residents are encouraged to sign-up forAlertBostonto receive emergency alerts and to call 311, download theBOS:311 app, or Tweet at@BOS311with questions or concerns. Follow@CityofBostonandboston.gov/snowfor the latest updates."
My name is Chiko! I am a 4-year-old neutered Chihuahua-Yorkie Mix.My favorite hobbies include playing with other dogs my size and running around. If you think you can keep up with me,please come visit me at the shelter to see if we could be a good match.
National Nutrition Month is a great time to evaluate your current knowledge and habits. Small changes over time can yield big results. Making simple swaps like whole wheat bread instead of white, or replacing a sugary drink with water, can help your overall nutrition. The City of Boston Wellness Committee (a group we're proud to belong to!) is helping employees learn about nutrition and healthy choices with the recent launch of the Wellness Portal.The Wellness Portal is open to City employees and their spouses. Youll find tons of helpful information, such as tips on meal planning and delicious recipes. The portal also houses additional information about other health benefits, resources in the area, and upcoming challenges. The first challenge, Color Your Plate, begins in March and is a great way to begin using the portal. Folks can participate solo, or as part of a team. There's also the potential to win some great prizes!You can sign up here!The City of Boston Employee Assistance Programrecognizes the importance of nutrition as well as adequate sleep, regular exercise, and access to mental health resourcesfor our overall health. This information and more will all be available on the portal. We hope you decide to participate!
Notes of pride, honor and unity rang throughout the Council Chamber as Sean Skeete from Berklee College of Music provided the music that set the tone for a vibrant and lively event.Each hosting Councilor chose a member of the community to honor, not only for their contributions to the City of Boston, but for their dedication to the country as migrated Americans, who share the same pride and joy as those born and raised here. The list of honorees included Yvette Modestin, Jean Bonnet, MD, Dr. Natalicia Tracey, and Deeqo Jibril, all leaders in their respective communities, but also contributors to the fabric of Bostons Immigrant community.Former State Representative Marie St. Fleur was the keynote speaker. St. Fleur shared stories of her past, talked about the importance of understanding our history, highlighted her journey as a leader of color in the city of Boston, and emphasized the importance of working together as one people. She then joined the councilors in honoring State Senator Linda Dorcena Forry for her years of dedication to the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.To close the event, a dance performance by the duo 2 Lit 2 Quit was delivered to Freedom by Mary J. Blige. This event was sponsored by Brigham and Womens Hospital.Watch the event
On Tuesday, the Committee on Arts, Culture and Special Events, chaired by Councilor Janey, held a hearing and heard testimony from representatives from the Mayors Office and the Boston Planning and Development Agency, who spoke in support of its passage.QMG Huntington, the development company that owns the Huntington Theatre, is redeveloping two adjoining buildings into a single building adjacent to the Huntington Theatre. The new building will contain retail space, up to 426 residential units, and a new accessible entrance lobby serving the Huntington Theatre. Parts of the building will be used for residential and commercial use, but the Huntington Theatre will remain as a theater and cultural space for the community. QMG Huntington will give the Huntington Theatre Company a 100-year lease to use the lobby as an accessible entrance to the theater.
With cross-cultural collaboration and cultural expression being essential elements of the Boston Creates cultural plan, its an important time of year for us to unite as a city and recognize the different cultures that contribute to our unique identity.We just wrapped up Black History Month, which the City of Boston celebrated through some fantastic events. Here at City Hall, Mayor Walsh kicked things off with a celebration honoring Chief Justice Roderick L. Ireland, who was the first African-American to serve as the Chief Justice of the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts. Also in attendance was Framingham Mayor Yvonne Spicer, who was not only inaugurated as Framinghams first mayor earlier this year, but also as the first African-American woman to be popularly elected as mayor in Massachusetts! The celebrations didnt stop there, as the City of Bostons Black History Month Committee organized a series of public events, including a basketball tournament, a fashion show, and an exhibition of Don Wests Portraits of Purpose in the City Hall galleries. It was fantastic to see opportunities pop up across the City for people of all ages and backgrounds to recognize the contributions and accomplishments of the Black community in the City of Boston and beyond.Mayor Walsh and Mayor Spicer honoring Chief Justice Roderick L. Ireland at the City of Bostons Black History Month Kickoff Event.Right in the middle of Black History Month, we had another great cultural celebration  Lunar New Year! The City of Boston rang in the year of the dog with events all over the City, including a celebration at the Museum of Fine Arts, a lion dance at the Franklin Park Zoo, a celebration at the Pao Arts Center, and of course, Bostons annual Chinese New Year Parade in Chinatown. It was great to see the people of Boston come together to celebrate two completely different cultures simultaneously.Mayor Walsh attends Lunar New Year Celebration at Rainbow Adult Day Care in DorchesterAlthough its hard to believe, weve already made our way to March, which means Womens History Month is here! The City of Bostons public art collection has several pieces honoring women, and several pieces created by women as well. From the Mary Draper fountain (the oldest memorial dedicated to a woman in Boston) to the more contemporary womens memorial on the Commonwealth Avenue Mall, there are many great pieces of public art recognizing the women who contributed to Bostons rich history. One thing were proud of in the City of Boston is that in addition to having artwork dedicated to women, we also have a great collection of works created by women artists. Fern Cunninghams Harriet Tubman memorial, Boston AIR Ann Hirschs Bill Russell Legacy Project, and Anne Whitneys Leif Eriksson memorial are just a few that you should visit this month. We also have several exhibits honoring women in the City Hall Galleries this month. The Third Floor Scollay Square Gallery will feature the March Four Women exhibit, which contains the excellent work of four female members of the Boston Printmakers Association, and the Fifth Floor Mayors Gallery will honor the late textile artist Theresa-India Young. If you enjoy reading, we encourage you to take a look at the work of our phenomenal Poet Laureate, Danielle Legros-Georges. Hows that for naming #5womenartists? We challenge you to do the same this month!Photo of Boston Womens Memorial on Commonwealth AveThe abundance of cultural events will not end there  we have St. Patricks Day coming up later this month, Celebrate Diversity Month in April, and Asian-American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month in May. As outlined in Boston Creates, we seek to cultivate a city where all cultural traditions and expressions are respected, promoted, and equitably resourced, and where opportunities to engage with arts and culture are accessible to all. Cross-cultural collaboration is so important in accomplishing this goal, and we cant wait to see how Boston comes together in the next few months to celebrate its diverse population and intricate history.
The Mayors Office of Diversity and The Mayors Office of Arts And Culture, in partnership with Channel Boston 25, launched an Art Contest for Boston students (grades 6-12), with the theme being Black History Inspiring Our Future. The purpose of the contest was to inspire Boston public school students to celebrate the Citys Black History and envision themselves as future contributors, in the spirit of the many great Black historical figures that have made the City of Boston great. We wanted to know how these incredible men and women inspired them and how they will build on the successes of Bruce Bolling, Donna Summer, Phillis Wheatley, Bill Russell, or any other African-American pioneers.Students were asked to visit one or more sites related to Bostons Black History and submit artwork inspired by or related to the place they visited. The City of Boston provided a list of suggested sites to visit. In fact, participants were encouraged to introduce new sites they believed to be relevant to Bostons Black community.We had a great turn out.Students submitted music, performing arts, spoken word poetry, and visual arts, including photos and slideshows. All of the submissions were wonderful and we had a difficult time eliminating some contestants. Regardless of the results, in our eyes, everyone was a winner. In the end, we selected five participants as winners.Samuel Stephens, a 17-year-old senior at EMK Academy for Health Careers. His original music performance, Let My People Go was inspired by The Museum of the National Center of Afro-American Artists in Roxbury, a museum filled with Black artistic heritage that he often visits. He wants to continue working on his art and make more music that is positive for the Black community. His dream is to shoot a video for this song at the NCAA.Ocyris Gomezchose the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building as his inspiration for his song, Motivation. He feels it'sa place that has brought positive change to Dudley Square. Whether he is in the lobby where he can relax, do school work, meet friends, or just walk through the building with beautiful art displayed on the walls, Ocyris feels the Bolling Building is a welcoming and progressive place for the community.Maryam Abbazs dance performance was inspired by Queen Latifah and the Phillis Wheatley statue on Commonwealth Avenue. She selected the first African-American published poet because of all she accomplished in her difficult life. Through all her hardships and undervalued life, Phyllis Wheatley never let anything get in the way of pursuing her creative passions.Jadara WayBelmers poem, Unbothered, is a call to action to be bothered and do something to change stigmas about how minorities are viewed. Her performance is a tribute to all the strong African-American women whove created change and have been part of the collective fabric of Bostons Black History.Elayia Reid used personal experience as her inspiration for her poem and mixed media art piece, Color Blind. The piece expresses frustrations with beauty standards held by society about African-American skin color. The piece is ultimately about learning to accept the skin youre in.We want to thank all the participants for engaging in this contest. We appreciate our students for showcasing our heroes and the importance of Black History Month. In addition, Black History Month provides the chance to focus on different narratives of African Americans. We can applaud Madam C.J. Walker as the first self-made female millionaire in the U.S. We can let our eyes flit across the verses of poetry Phyllis Wheatley, the first African-American poet and woman to publish a book. And we can groove to soulful jazz and somber blues music composed by the likes of Miles Davis and Robert Johnson. Black History Month spurs us to seek out and lift up the best in African-American accomplishments.Watch Edwards Middle School performance
"State Representatives Tricia Farley-Bouvier and Lori Ehrlich introduced House Bills H.632 and H.4159, ""An Act Demanding Justice for Massachusetts Campus Sexual Assault Survivors,"" to increase students' safety on campus and provide additional resources for survivors of sexual assault. The legislation will ensure that the Obama-era requirements under Title IX, which offers guidance to federally-funded colleges and universities for swiftly and appropriately"" handling campus sexual assault, will not only stay in place, but are made stronger than ever.Councilor Pressley said, For those of you who think the number one reason that people drop out of colleges is financial stress  the number one reason they drop out is sexual assault, the trauma that occurs and the fact that it is very painful to have to see your perpetrator on campus over and over again.The Council adopted a Resolution urging the State Legislature to support H.632 and H.4159. The bill would require colleges and universities in Massachusetts to continue conducting research-based sexual misconduct surveys, provide ongoing prevention, education and training programs for students, and assemble review panels tasked with implementing and monitoring campus response networks.Nearly 1 in 5 women and 1 in 16 men will be victims of sexual violence on college campuses."
This year marks Councilor OMalleys 8th time judging their spelling bee. Oliver Mark Lapollo was the champion of the event and will compete at the citywide BCYF Spelling Bee on March 15at the Copley Branch of the Boston Public Library.Supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!
"Councilor Janey introduced the first docket to be assigned to the new Committee on Small Business and Consumer Affairs. Janey, who is also the Chair of this Committee, called for a hearing regarding the opportunities and challenges facing small businesses in the City of Boston.Introducing the order, Janey said, ""This hearing order will allow us to examine how we can remove barriers and utilize existing opportunities, as well as create new ones. We must seek creative solutions to help established businesses remain in our city, and to allow new businesses to open here. We need policies responding to the pressures of commercial gentrification. And we still have work to do in addressing the many permitting and licensing processes that can be a roadblock for many small businesses. Finally, there is much more to do in supporting our small businesses owned by women, immigrants, and people of color.""The Committee will hold its first hearing later this year."
In December, Waite was honored by the French Consulate for the 60th anniversary of the Allied Invasion of Normandy, where they bestowed upon him the prestigious French Medal of Honor. In addition to his heroic service, he also is a long-time supporter of Project Breads Walk for Hunger, which is dedicated to alleviating, preventing and ultimately ending hunger in Massachusetts.Thank you Bud Waite for your service and dedication to our City and country!
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced safety and flood protection tips for residents ahead of the anticipated coastal storm and flooding that is expected to beginon Friday. The coastal storm will bring heavy rainfall and sustained winds of 20 to 40 miles per hour (MPH), with gusts up to 65 MPH. Strongest winds will beFridayafternoon and evening.DuringFridaynight, rain may switch to snow, will potential snow accumulation reaching 2-3 inches.""I encourage all residents to be mindful of the storm and encourage employers to take the weather into consideration, which will mostly impact the coastal areas of our city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""As we saw with the coastal flooding in the Seaport in January, there is a need to proactively plan for our changing climate, which is why we're integrating climate resilience into all aspects of city planning and moving forward, beginning with a Climate Ready project in South Boston.""Below are the various watches that are in place forFridaythroughSaturday:All city agencies and services, including Boston Public Schools, will be operating under normal business hourstomorrow. As a precautionary matter, Mayor Walsh shared the general safety tips below, as well as information on what to do both before and after a flood event.The City will continue to monitor the storm throughout its duration. In preparation for the storm, Boston is taking the following proactive steps:The City encourages residents to be aware of the upcoming weather, and understand their risk of flooding by looking at the latest FEMA flood maps:https://msc.fema.gov/portal.The City is currently pursuing aClimate Ready project in South Bostonthat is analyzing the current and future flood risks to the neighborhood, with the input and feedback from residents, businesses, landowners and developers. Next week the City is hosting a community open house to share conceptual designs of flooding solutions. The event will be held onTuesday, March 6 from 6:00 - 8:00 p.m.at the Children's Museum.Climate Ready Bostonis the City's initiative to develop resilient solutions to prepare Boston for rising sea levels, extreme heat and increased weather events. Climate Ready Boston is aligned withImagine Boston 2030,Go Boston 2030,Resilient Boston, and other planning initiatives to ensure that climate adaptation supports the Mayor's goals for economic growth and social equity across the city.Climate Ready Boston is led by the City of Boston in partnership with the Green Ribbon Commission and with support from the Massachusetts Office of Coastal Zone Management and the Barr Foundation.For more information about Climate Ready Boston, visit:https://www.boston.gov/climate-ready."
On Saturday evening, March 3, 2018, the Bostonian Society will conduct the annual Boston Massacre Reenactment in front of the Old State House, located at 206 Washington Street, at the intersection of Congress, Devonshire and State Streets. Street closures and parking restrictions will be in place to accommodate the event and those attending are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on MBTA service may be found at www.MBTA.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket.There will be no vehicular access to Devonshire Street from State Street from approximately 6:30 PM through 8:30 PM. Traffic on State Street will be limited to one lane. If crowd size or other conditions warrant, State Street may be closed to traffic as well.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 4 PM to 9 PM parking restrictions will be implemented as follows.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Carlos Ferrarato demolish the two-family dwelling located at 966 Hyde Park Avenue in Hyde Park, MA, 02136.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 9, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced preparations underway ahead of the anticipated coastal storm and flooding that is expected to begin on Friday. As part of this storm, three high tides are expected to occur in Boston on Friday at 11:15 a.m., Friday at 11:45 p.m. and Saturday at 12:05 p.m, along with heavy rain and sustained winds of 20-40 miles per hour (MPH) with gusts up to 65 MPH.""I encourage all residents to be mindful of the storm and encourage employers to take the weather into consideration, which will mostly impact the coastal areas of our city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""As we saw with the coastal flooding in the Seaport in January, there is a need to proactively plan for our changing climate, which is why we're integrating climate resilience into all aspects of city planning moving forward, beginning with a Climate Ready project in South Boston.""Below are the various watches that are in place for Friday through Saturday:The City will continue to monitor the storm throughout its duration. In preparation for the storm, Boston is taking the following proactive steps:The City encourages residents to be aware of the upcoming weather, and understand their risk of flooding by looking at the latest FEMA flood maps:https://msc.fema.gov/portal.In addition, the city encourages residents to consider the following safety tips:"
Were reaching out to anyone who could help inform how we could build a community choice aggregation (CCA) program for Boston. Our team is eager to learn as much as we can to make smart decisions on how to proceed and is specifically seeking information on process, pricing, and community outreach. We see this as an important first step in understanding how we could establish a program that could deliver clean energy to Boston that maximizes impact on the environment and addresses the specific needs of our residents.Community choice aggregation, also called community choice energy or municipal electricity aggregation, is a state law that allowscities and towns to aggregate the buying power of individual electricity customers in their communities. Under a community choice aggregation program, cities and towns can automatically enroll residents who receive default electricity service from their utilities into a single, bulk buying group, and may require a greater percentage of renewable energy content than the mandatory percentage set by the Massachusetts Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS).The Request for Information is open to everyone and the City will accept submissions through March 23, 2018. An optional meeting for potential respondents will be held on March 19, 2018, at City Hall in room 900. Responses to this Request for Information will be accepted through the Citys Supplier Portal, by mailor physical delivery to the Environment Department in room 709 at City Hall, and via email to joseph.larusso@boston.gov.UPDATE: The City of Boston will host a meeting on Monday, March 19, 2018 from 9 - 10 a.m. at City Hall in room 900 for those who are interested in responding to the RFI.If you would like to respond to the RFI, it is not required that you attend the meeting. The deadline to respond to the RFI is extended to Friday, March 23, 2018. The period for submission of questions regarding the RFI ended Tuesday, March 6, 2018. The City received no questionsand therefore have no responsesfor publication.Please return here for the most up to date information regarding the RFI, including any changes to the schedule.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today celebratedthe successful completion of the 100th Seniors Save project in Roxbury at the home of the Prescott family. During the visit,Mayor Walsh also announced that applications are available year round forSeniors Save, a proactive program that helps income-eligible seniors replace failing or inefficient heating systems before next winter begins.Since the program's launch in August 2016, 108 heating systems have been replaced in the homes of seniors living in neighborhoods all across the city.""I want to thank Mr. and Mrs. Prescott for inviting us into their beautiful home as we celebrate their new heating system that will last for many years to come,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud that in the 18 months the program has been in place, we have been able to replace 108 heating systems in neighborhoods from East Boston to West Roxbury. This program makes all the difference in the quality of life and comfort for our seniors, and I hope that more seniors will continue to enroll in this program ahead of next winter.""Today's announcement was made at the home of a longtime Roxbury residents Bryan and Elmonda Prescott. Mr. and Mrs. Prescott worked with the Boston Home Center's Seniors Save program to replace the more than 30 year old boiler in their home. Through the program, seniors can affordably replace their aging heating systems with new, energy efficient systems that will significantly lower their risks of heating emergencies during cold weather and will also reduce their energy bills, enabling them to expand their budgets for other necessities.""I want to thank Mayor Walsh and the staff from Seniors Save Program for helping us replace our failing heating system,"" said homeowner Bryan Prescott. ""The Home Center and Elderly Commission helped us fill out our forms and find a good contractor who did an excellent job on the installation of our new furnace. We want other seniors to know about this great program, so they can also get help getting a new heating system like we did!""This year so far, the City of Boston responded to over 100 no-heat emergency calls, including 32 during the first week of January alone, when temperatures were so cold that discomfort turned to a life-safety concern.Applications for the Seniors Save program are currently available through the Boston Home Center (BHC), by visiting theDepartment of Neighborhood Development, or by contacting one of the BHC's partner senior agencies. To qualify, income-eligible seniors must be 60 years of age or older and must be the occupants of a residential one-to-four family property or condominium in the City of Boston. The program is open to seniors whose income does not exceed 80 percent of median family income, as determined by theUS Department of Housing and Urban Development. Eligible homeowners will receive a$3,500 granttowards replacement of their heating systems. Any additional funding is available in the form of azero percent interest, deferred payment loan, which will only be payable upon the sale of the property, a cash-out refinance or transfer of the title. Once a senior citizen submits an application, BHC Construction Specialists will work with the homeowner on the scope of the project, and will help select a contractor from the BHC's pre-approved, licensed and insured contractor list. A BHC Construction Specialist will then oversee the work from start to finish.To learn more about Seniors Save and to apply for the program residents are invited to contact (617) 635-HOME, or visit theBoston Home Center."
Hi my name is Stormie! I am a spayed, 4-year-old pit bull terrier!I love most people and things, except for cats, and would love for youto come visit me at the shelter.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today broke ground on phase one of a comprehensive redevelopment of the Whittier Street public housing development in Roxbury that was first built in 1953. The project will rebuild and preserve 200 existing public housing apartments by replacing them on- and off-site with an expanded program of 509 units of mixed-income rental housing and 14,225 square feet of commercial space.""As we shape Boston's growth, we must make sure our progress benefits everyone, especially long-term residents of the City,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm incredibly proud of the dedication of our partners who have come together to create a brighter future for the residents of Whittier Street and the surrounding neighborhood.""The redevelopment is made possible by a $30 million federal Choice Neighborhoods Initiative grant to the Boston Housing Authority and City of Boston's Department of Neighborhood Development that will leverage an additional $260 million in private and public funds for commercial and residential development and public facilities in the Whittier neighborhood.Demolition of 68 apartments will start at the back of the Whittier Street property to make way for 168 new apartments, both on-site and off-site. Phase 1A will create 92 mixed-income apartments in three new structures on site that will include a management office, a community room, and outdoor recreational space. Phase 1B will create 76 additional new mixed-income apartments on parcels nearby in Madison Park Village. The new phase one units will be completed by summer 2019. The entire Whittier redevelopment will be completed by 2021.""This grant helps us to continue our commitment of providing healthy, safe, and accessible affordable housing to the residents that live within the Whittier corridor,"" said BHA Administrator Bill McGonagle. ""Every family in public housing deserves access, opportunity and the chance to strive for excellence. We believe this grant allows for these things to take place.""""I've lived in this development since 1964, and it is an honor that we were chosen for redevelopment,"" said resident, and Task Force President, Stephanie Thomas. ""These changes will definitely be an adjustment, but I am looking forward to new beginnings.""Residents who need to relocate temporarily may move to other BHA public housing or may opt to accept mobile Housing Choice Vouchers. All original Whittier public housing residents will be offered the opportunity to return to the transformed Whittier community when construction is complete.Madison Melnea Cass Apartments consists of a new 4-story, 16 unit building at40 Raynor Circleand a new a 5-story, 60 unit building at Melnea Cass Boulevard and Brook Marshall Road, an addition of 53 new mixed income rental homes for low and moderate income families. ""This housing is part of the first phase of an ambitious Whittier Housing Neighborhood Transformation Plan,"" said Madison Park Development Corporation's Chief Executive Officer Jeanne Pinado. ""It will provide new homes for a broad range of low and moderate income families and create a new edge to Melnea Cass Boulevard, making it safer and more pedestrian-friendly.""TheWhittier Street housing developmentis part of the larger neighborhood of Roxbury, with an area of roughly one square mile and 2,418 households. Built in 1953, Whittier Street is over 60 years old, and the HUD Choice Neighborhood grant will allow the property to be updated to fit with the current mixed-use neighborhood.HUD created theChoice Neighborhoods Initiativeto transform neighborhoods and link housing improvements with appropriate services, schools, public assets, transportation and access to jobs. In 2011, Boston was one of just five cities nationwide to receive one of the first-ever HUD Choice Neighborhoods Initiative Implementation grants. The Whittier Street grant marks Boston's second Choice Neighborhoods grant.TheWhittier Choicepartnership is led by the Boston Housing Authority, the City of Boston, the Whittier Street Tenant Task Force, Preservation of Affordable Housing, Madison Park Development Corporation, and Economic Mobility Pathways (EMPath). The grant incorporates strategies for Neighborhood, Housing and People as a way to provide a coordinated transformation for the community in and around the original housing development footprint.The Neighborhood Strategy seeks to break down barriers that isolate residents, to promote physical and social connections, and to link the neighborhood to the regional economy. There is a priority focus on improving public safety and creating safer, livelier streets, including a vibrant pedestrian corridor along Ruggles Street.The Housing Strategy aims to preserve affordability while creating a better balance of housing options in the neighborhood. This plan creates a livable site with outdoor play spaces, a mix of building types to accommodate diverse family needs, and new through-streets to re-integrate the site into the broader neighborhood.The People Strategy addresses a range of priority needs: income and asset building, health, education and youth development. At the center, EMPath will provide case management through its intensive Mobility Mentoring model. Boston Housing Authority (BHA), in partnership with EMPath and Dudley Street Neighborhood Initiative, the City's Promise Neighborhood grantee, as well as service providers, relocation counselors, property management staff, and resident leaders will connect residents to existing services and newly leveraged programs.Boston Housing Authority (BHA) provides affordable housing to more than 58,000 residents in and around the City of Boston. Residents are assisted through a combination of public housing and federal and state voucher subsidy programs that provide a wide variety of housing opportunities. As the largest public housing authority in New England, the BHA houses close to 9 percent of the city's residents. Our mission is to provide stable, quality affordable housing for low and moderate income persons to deliver these services with integrity and mutual accountability and to create living environments which serve as catalysts for the transformation from dependency to economic self-sufficiency."
Mayor Walsh and 75 other mayors and county elected officials have signed a joint letter to Congress in support of reinstating net neutrality protections.The letter is addressed to the Republican and Democratic leaders of the Senate.Mayor Walsh signed two previous letters addressed to the FCC in support of enforceable net neutrality protections, in July and December of 2017.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from David Pilzto demolish the single-family dwelling at 80-84 Terrace Street in Mission Hill, MA 02120.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 8, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Florida was born in Bostons West End to prominent and politically active parents. Her father, George Lewis Ruffin, was the first black man to graduate from Harvard Law School and the first black judge in the United States. Her mother, Josephine St. Pierre Ruffin, published a newspaper for black women, and worked in the suffrage and civil rights movement.Florida went to school to become a teacher and taught in the Boston Public Schools for eight years. In 1888, she resigned in order to marry Ulysses A. Ridley. Prior to 1953, women teachers were forced to resign fromtheir teaching postswhen they married. You can see Floridas teaching qualification record below.Though Florida had to resign from her teaching job because of her marriage, she did not leave public life. She began editing her mothers newspaper, Womens Era, and became involved in both the womens suffrage movement and the anti-lynching movement. She also worked to preserve black culture and history. She founded the Society for the Collection of Negro Folklore in 1890 and the Society of the Descendents of Early New England Negros in the 1920s. Today, Florida Ruffin Ridley is known as a renaissance woman whomade significant political and cultural contributions to American society. Florida'shome on Charles Street is a stop on the Boston Womens Heritage Trail. As Black History Month winds down and Womens History Month kicks off, perhaps you should stop by!
Opening a neatly wrapped gift can be a thrilling experience, unlike the finger-numbing annoyance of feeling for the right groove to wedge open a plastic package. Most of the items we buy or receive come in at least one layer of protective packaging.And it all adds up: boxes, envelopes, bags, sleeves, and cartons. Some of these are easier to recycle, while others end up in the trash bin. (Check ourlist of recyclablesto make sure you know which is which.)Packaging fulfills a need. From large electronics to your takeout food, it contains and protects things from being lost, damaged, or dirtied until they arrive at their destination. A cardboard pizza box keeps your pie warm a wrapper keeps a bandage dry, clean, and sanitary for when its needed.Yet, most of us have had at least one experience of unwrapping something and feeling exasperated at how much packaging we have to get through in order to find it.If you order things by mail, you know how quickly the boxes and bags can pile up in your house. And you can often find discarded food wrappers and drink cans littering Bostons streets and parks.What can each of us do? Finding ways to reuse and repurpose the boxes and bags you already have is a starting point. Then, you can move towards replacing the packaged or single use items in your life with reusable, washable ones instead.Durable dishware and coffee mugs will save countless cups and cartons from ending up in the waste heap. For utensils, one of my favorite go-to zero waste items is a titanium spork.Beyond the simple switches, some areas of our lives will be easier to change than others. For example, some parents choose to use washable cloth diapers for their kids instead of buying lots of disposable ones. But, this may not be a desirable or practical solution for everyone.Part of the issue is that many products are designed and packaged to be used once and discarded. Bymaking things for circular useand using protective materials that themselves are reusable, recyclable, or compostable, we can move towards zero waste.For example, one electronicscompany is experimenting with compostable shipping packaging materials made from a combination of rice hulls, wheat chaff, and mushrooms. This mushroom packaging replaces the styrofoam pieces in the box that hold the computer or keyboard in place during shipping. Neat, right?Back on our end, there are many things we can do to reduce the packaging we use and create at the market. Buying unpacked fruits and veggies at the grocery store is a great way to start.If you prefer to keep things sorted, cloth bags are an easy solution. You can also invest in some great reusable containers like jars, pouches, and bins for the bulk isle. By buying your essentials (like grains and nuts) in bulk, you can avoid throwing away the little packages every week or so. Less packaging means less waste!When shopping online, consider making an order that ships together in one package, and reduce your carbon footprint by only choosing expedited shipping when you really need it. These may feel like small acts, but they add up and multiply across many people to have a real, positive impact on our planet and our neighborhoods.As we go towards zero waste, packaging is going to continue to be part of the equation in Boston. By doing your part to minimize the packaging in your life, you can declutter your household and help us all be a little less wasteful.This post is part of the Zero Waste Boston initiative. If youd like to follow along as we discuss the ins and outs of going zero waste, you can subscribe to our general email listhere. If you would like to receive periodic updates about the more technical side of the municipal waste management planning process,sign up here.
"Building on his commitment to create more affordable housing in the City of Boston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the Department of Neighborhood Development (DND) and the Neighborhood Housing Trust (NHT) Fund have awarded more than $15 million in funds to seven rental projects across Boston. These awards will help fund the production and preservation of 354 units of affordable housing in Boston. ""Preserving Boston's affordability is key to ensuring everyone who wants to live here can afford to do so,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""It's important now more than ever that we use every resource available to build more housing for working families in our City. I'm proud that by working together with our partners in the Neighborhood Housing Trust, this funding will help us preserve and create more affordable housing in Boston.""The funding awards for the seven new housing proposals total $10.4 million of HOME, Community Development Block Grant, and Inclusionary Development funding along with $4.25 million in Linkage funding. The Neighborhood Housing Trust also supported a funding measure to the Boston and Planning Development Agency (BPDA) for a Housing Creation award in the amount of $1.2 million. The seven projects receiving funding will create 436 units of housing. Of these units, 354 units will be income restricted to low-, moderate- and middle-income households. The City's most recent Request for Proposals for funding put a premium on the creation of units of housing for very low-income households as a result, 139 units of affordable housing will be accessible to households with incomes at 50 percent or below the Area Median Income, which amounts to $51,000 or less for a family of four. 47 of these units will be set aside for formerly homeless households, and 64 units will be available to households earning less than 30 percent of Area Median Income -- $31,000 for a family of four. To ensure that all units receiving City funding will remain affordable, all affordable units will have a deed restriction in perpetuity. In all cases, the projects have been carefully underwritten to leverage alternative sources to minimize City funding.""Our team is extremely proud that we were able to fund projects with such deep affordability, ranging from 60 percent of the area median income to homeless individuals,"" said Boston's Chief of Housing Sheila Dillon. ""I can't wait to see these projects completed, and I want to thank the Neighborhood Housing Trust and our partners for helping us create more affordable housing in Boston."" ""Many thanks to Mayor Marty Walsh and to the City of Boston for their ongoing commitment to redevelop Roxbury and Jamaica Plain,"" said Frank Shea, Urban Edge's Chief Executive Officer. ""The Holtzer Park project, which is part of a larger effort with our partners at Jamaica Plain Neighborhood Development Corporation and The Community Builders to strengthen the community for all of the families living here, will bring 62 new affordable apartments to the area. We are thrilled to be in partnership with the Boston Housing Authority on this project and we look forward to working with the city as this development gets underway.""With the awarding of these funds, the Walsh Administration has now committed more than $115 million in affordable housing funding since Mayor Walsh took office. Since the launch of Housing Boston 2030, 4,649 new income-restricted units have been permitted, of which 2,234 are targeted to low-income households. There are an additional 4,240 deed-restricted units in the City's development pipeline.Today's announcement contributes to the goal of creating 6,500 new units of affordable housing outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, Mayor Walsh's housing plan, and also supportsBoston's Way Home,the administration's plan to end chronic homelessness. In addition, the growth of affordable housing in Boston supports the goals ofImagine Boston 2030, Boston's citywide plan.The following is a complete list of the developments that have received funding awards:Dorchester191 -195 Bowdoin StreetViet AID proposes to combine a city-owned parcel with an adjacent privately-owned parcel to create 41 affordable rental units and approximately 7,000 square feet of commercial space. Fenway270 Huntington StreetRenovation and preservation of 72 affordable rental units in the Fenway.Jamaica Plain125 Amory StreetIn response to the BHA's RFP for the125 Amory Streetsite, Urban Edge is proposing to construct 62 new units of affordable rental housing in Jamaica Plain. MattapanMattapan StationThe development team for Mattapan Station includes The Preservation of Affordable Housing & Nuestra Comunidad CDC. The development comprises 135 units of mixed income rental housing in Mattapan, with 69 affordable rental units and 66 market rate units. The first floor of the development will also include 10,000 square feet of commercial space. 872 Morton StreetThe development team of the Caribbean Integration Community Development & Planning Office for Urban Affairs will create a 38-unit, mixed-income development, along with over 2,000 square feet of commercial space. The site will also include a serenity garden to be named after Stephen P. Odom. The developer is working closely with the Parks Department to design the serenity garden. MissionHillParcel 25Parcel 25 is a 3 phase, transit-oriented development located on a site formerly owned by the MBTA and located across from the Roxbury Crossing MBTA station. The 2nd phase will create 46 units of affordable rental housing. The Trust voted to support an a Housing Creation proposal in the amount of $1,250,000 from Children's Hospital in December. RoxburyBartlett Building AAs the next phase of the Bartlett Yard redevelopment, the Developer Nuestra Comunidad will create 42 units of mixed income rental housing along with 14,000 square feet of commercial space and 20,000 square feet of office space. To help choose appropriate developments for funding, the City of Boston has established funding priorities, based on the goals outlined in Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030. Proposals submitted are expected to fall under at least one of the priority criteria:Affordable housing developments that utilize City-owned land.Affordable housing developments targeting a mix of incomes: from units for homeless households to units targeted and restricted to incomes representative of Boston's workforce.The City prioritizes proposals that, in addition to the homeless set-aside, provide some portion of units targeting extremely low income tenancies.Affordable housing developments that have reduced the cost to build and/or efficiently use subsidy so that the project is able to move into construction more quickly. Affordable housing developments that provide units that serve the disabled community,vulnerable or special needs populations, elders, veterans, artists, aging out youth, etc.Acquisition of unrestricted housing developments in order to stabilize the tenancies, and provide long term affordability for a mix of incomes (i.e. unrestricted properties).Developments that are at risk of losing their affordabilitywithin 5 years.Large projects with more than 50 units of housing, of which at least 51 percent will be deed-restricted affordable units.Projects creating new affordable units in high-cost neighborhoods where most of the IDP funds are generated.Projects that contain affordable units that cannot be funded from other subsidy sources available under this RFP, or through the Neighborhood Housing Trust RFP.Projects that can quickly acquire existing unregulated units and convert them into long-term affordable housing.To date, the Walsh Administration has committed more than $100 million in funding to the creation and preservation of affordable housing. Today's announcement builds on the City's preservation and anti-displacement goals, outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, Mayor Walsh's housing plan, and the housing goals laid out inImagine Boston 2030, Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years. As part of both plans, Boston has prioritized increasing the overall housing supply, with a focus on creating and preserving affordable housing."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with the Boston Cultural Council, today announced 33 artists and arts organizations have been selected to receive grants totaling $32,319.23 through the first round of the Boston Cultural Councils 2018 Opportunity Fund.There are so many talented artists and innovative organizations in the City of Boston that have creative and unique ideas for improving the City through art, said Mayor Walsh. I look forward to seeing these ideas come to life, and the positive impact they have on the community.The Opportunity Fund was launched in August 2016 with the goal of supporting individual artists in activities that help them share their work with the public, teach others, continue their professional development and hone their skills. Through the Opportunity Fund, artists and educators are provided grants of up to $1,000 for meaningful, one-time opportunities.The Opportunity Fund reopened in October 2017 with a modified structure including grants that are separated into five different categories, a rolling deadline for applications and new guidelines to help focus investment on artists of limited means and in communities with less access to cultural events or art-making. Including the latest round of funding, the Opportunity Fund has helped support 158 artists in total.Below is a sampling of the grantees selected for the first round of the 2018 Opportunity Fund:The members of BSCE are extremely grateful to the City of Boston for choosing to support our event, said Nicole DeMaio of Black Sheep Contemporary Ensemble. In a time when funding for the arts is at risk nationwide, it's great knowing that we live in a place that values music and music education. We are a relatively new ensemble with a small budget, so the money will help us to compensate our musicians for their time, as well as alleviate us of the financial burden of purchasing supplies for the event.The Boston Creates cultural plan calls for advancing equity by facilitating creative, cultural, and artistic opportunities in historically underserved communities, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. We are so proud to be able to bring more arts programming to underserved communities such as Dorchester, Roxbury, and Mattapan, and to support the individual artists living in these neighborhoods at the same time.The review deadline for the next round of the Opportunity Fund is February 28, 2018. Artists and organizations can apply online.
Boston Public Librarys March talks and lectures feature celebrated authors Junot Daz and Kelly Barnhill, award-winning investigative journalist and author Joseph Rosenbloom, conservationist Terry Tempest Williams, and more. All programs and events can be viewed via www.bpl.org/calendar.Boston Public Library provides educational, cultural and civic enrichment, free to all, for the residents of Boston, Massachusetts and beyond, through its collections, services, programs, and spaces. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library is a pioneer of public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. As a City of Boston historic cultural institution, Boston Public Library today features a Central Library, twenty-five branches, a map center, business library, archival center extensive special collections of rare books, manuscripts, photographs, and prints and rich digital content and online services. The award-winning renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, completed in 2016, together with new, renovated and historic branches, provide a transformed library for the next generation of users. Boston Public Library enriches lives, hosting thousands of free educational programs and exhibitions, and providing free library services online and in-person to millions of people each year. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the City of Boston has organized a series of free financial empowerment events for Boston residents as part of America Saves Week, a national campaign to promote good saving behavior that runs fromFebruary 26 to March 3. The week's activities will include tax preparation help, a credit-building workshop, and assistance with opening safe and non-predatory bank accounts, among other events.""It's important for Boston residents to know that it's never too late to start saving for the future,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""America Saves Week is a great opportunity to take advantage of the many financial education and financial empowerment opportunities the City of Boston provides to help make saving more manageable.""Many of the America Saves Week events draw on programs recently launched by the City of Boston to help residents maximize their financial capabilities year-round. These include:Additionally, theBoston Tax Help Coalition now in its 17thyear of providing free tax preparation to residents  will debut a new tax clinic for Uber drivers.The clinic is designed to address such tax considerations as mileage deductions, self-employment tax, and estimated quarterly tax filings.""Peace of mind is knowing you have a little money put away for emergencies,"" said Allie Vered, director of America Saves, the savings campaign of the nonprofit Consumer Federation of America. ""The programs and workshops Boston offers are helping communities tap into the power of saving. Don't worry about the amount, but make saving a regular activity. Start small, think big.""Started in 2007, America Saves Week is an annual campaign that brings together nonprofit, government, academic, and business groups to encourage Americans to save effectively. America Saves Week is coordinated by America Saves and the American Savings Education Council, a national coalition of public- and private-sector institutions committed to making saving and retirement planning a priority for all Americans.Download the events flierFor a full schedule of Boston's America Saves Week events, please visitofe.boston.gov/savings-week."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the results of the City of Boston's year-long performance parking pilot in the Back Bay and Seaport neighborhoods. The parking pilot, which adjusted parking meter rates in order to reduce congestion, increase roadway safety and make finding an on-street parking spot easier for drivers, was proven to open up more parking spaces for residents and business customers, and reduce congestion caused by illegal parking.In the Back Bay, there was an 11 percent increase in available metered spaces, and a 14 percent decrease in double parking. In the Seaport, there was a one percent increase in parking availability, and a substantial decrease in illegal parking. The performance parking pilot also increased parking availability for neighborhood residents, as illegal parking in a resident spot declined by 12 percent in the Back Bay and by 35 percent in the Seaport.""Our goal in Boston is to create streets that work for everyone -- whether you walk, bike, take public transportation or drive in our city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Creating equitable, accessible streets is a key goal of our long-term transportation plan, Go Boston 2030. The 2017 performance parking pilot has shown it's possible to adjust meter prices and change our roads for the better, leading to less congestion, and more parking spaces for our residents and businesses, helping neighborhoods thrive.""""The performance parking pilot program has proven to be an effective tool to reduce congestion, improve safety, and open up more parking in our busiest neighborhoods,"" said Boston Transportation Department Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. ""This program makes better use of our limited curb-space and helps our businesses districts and neighborhoods thrive by making sure drivers can easily find a spot and that pedestrians and cyclists are not adversely impacted by double parking.""The Performance Parking pilot tested two approaches to parking management through the 2017 calendar year. In the Back Bay, the City priced the entire neighborhood at $3.75 per hour for the whole year. In the Seaport, the City priced each block independently and changed the price every two months based on the number of available spaces. If on average no spaces were available, the price would increase slightly, or decrease if too many spaces were open.This pilot marked the first time meter prices have been adjusted in Boston since 2011, when they were raised to $1.25 per hour.Over the course of the pilot, the data collected revealed that the approach taken in the Back Bay was more successful at opening parking spaces and reducing congestion. All additional revenue as a result of the program will be reinvested into street, sidewalk, and transportation infrastructure projects in those neighborhoods and around the City.""We greatly appreciate that the city has given performance based parking serious study and testing. As the Co-chair of Go Boston 2030 and a collaborator in preparing a recent Boston Parking Study, the recent pilots building off of these reports have shown that performance based parking is an effective tool in managing a scarce amount of spaces,"" said Rick Dimino, A Better City CEO. ""This innovative approach can increase parking availability, improve customer access in business districts and decrease cars circling looking for a space. We look forward to the city deciding how these successful results can be used going forward.""With results of the pilot now available, the Boston Transportation Department will analyze the results and determine whether the program should be expanded to other parking meters throughout Boston. Parking meters are currently located in the Back Bay, South Boston, Downtown, South End, North End, Fenway, Allston, Cleveland Circle, Charlestown, and Longwood neighborhoods. As the results are analyzed, the pilot will continue in Back Bay and the Seaport.The performance parking pilot ties directly into major planning initiatives of the Walsh Administration, including Go Boston 2030 andImagine Boston 2030. In 2017, Mayor Walsh released Boston'sGo Boston 2030 Vision and Action Planthat directs the City of Boston's transportation agenda for the next decade and beyond. The plan is comprised of 58 transportation projects and policies that are designed to expand access to a variety of connected transportation options, improve traffic-related safety on Boston's streets, and ensure reliability of service for the City's residents, commuters and visitors.Within Go Boston 2030 isVision Zero, Boston's commitment to focus the city's resources on proven strategies to eliminate fatal and serious traffic crashes in the city by 2030. Thirty percent of street traffic is made up of drivers searching for street parking, which the parking pilot was proven to reduce. Additional Go Boston 2030 projects includeBoston'sNeighborhood Slow Streets program an expandedbike share program and installation of protected bike lanes.The Performance Parking pilot was a collaboration between the Boston Transportation Department (BTD), the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM), and the Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) to study the relationship between parking price and demand for parking. More details are available onboston.gov.Go Boston 2030is the City of Boston's long term mobility plan. It envisions a city in a region where all residents have better and more equitable travel choices, where efficient transportation networks foster economic opportunity, and where steps have been taken to prepare for climate change. Whether raveling by transit, on foot, on a bike or by car, people will be able to access all parts of Boston safely and reliably. A list of projects and policies have been developed that are being implemented as early action projects in the near term, and a set of long term projects and policies are intended to be implemented over the next 15 years.Go Boston 2030 complements Imagine Boston 2030, Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years. Imagine Boston 2030 will guide growth to support our dynamic economy and expand opportunity for all residents. The plan prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the City. Shaped by the input of 15,000 residents who contributed their thoughts to the plan, Imagine Boston 2030 identifies five action areas to guide Boston's growth, enhancement and preservation, and is paired with a set of metrics that will evaluate progress and successes. To learn more visit,imagine.boston.gov."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the opening of SuccessLink, an online tool that enables Boston youth to register for summer jobs. The SuccessLink application will be available through11:59 p.m.onFriday, March 30, 2018. Teens can apply 24 hours a day on the BCYF Youth Engagement & Employment (YEE) Division website onyouth.boston.gov.""The summer youth jobs program is an important opportunity that helps provide many of our young people with the chance to build lifelong skills and confidence, and begin their professional career,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage all Boston teens to take a look at the SuccessLink portal and register for a summer job that aligns with their passions.""""The City of Boston is committed to serving its youth by facilitating meaningful employment that sets the foundation for future success,"" said Health and Human Services Chief Marty Martinez. ""The summer youth jobs program works to empower youth by connecting them through jobs to mentorship and guidance, and promotes skill building and networking opportunities that create lasting professional pathways to success.""Through SuccessLink, young people can register for the Mayor's Summer Jobs Program, get connected to resources and join civic engagement initiatives designed to empower youth. Applicants will be able to manage and update their information online.""This is my first job and it's giving me experience in communication so that I can benefit in the future,"" said Alex Tieu, a sophomore at Josiah Quincy Upper School, who works at BCYF's Youth Engagement & Employment office helping youth obtain employment. ""It's important for me to work so I can increase my professional development. And I hope while working with YEE, I can help other young people who are also just starting their first job.""Teens interested in applying must meet the following requirements:Boston is a leader in youth employment across the nation with a focus on offering meaningful employment opportunities to young people ages 15-18. Summer opportunities include paid positions with Zoo New England, radio stations, Boston municipal government departments and and as tutors, mentors and counselors at many summer day programs. Last summer 3,015 young people were employed through SuccessLink at over one hundred community based organizations.BCYF YEE is hosting a Youth Job and Resource Fair onSaturday, March 10at the Reggie Lewis Track & Athletic Center at Roxbury Community College. Youth interested in a summer job through SuccessLink can meet with employers, learn job hunting skills and have some fun. Learn more atBoston.Gov/BCYF.Applying for a summer position with SuccessLink does not guarantee a job. Applicants can visit BCYF Division of Youth Engagement & Employment at1483 Tremont Street, Roxbury, or call617-635-4202for assistance with the application.Boston Centers for Youth & Families(BCYF) is the City of Boston's largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, the Mayor's Summer Jobs Program."
"Thursday, February 15, 2018 - BostonHires, a City-led effort to promote quality jobs for Boston residents announced by Mayor Martin J. Walsh in his Inaugural address on January 1, 2018, officially launched today under the direction of the Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD). The campaign aims to place 20,000 unemployed or underemployed residents in good jobs - defined as jobs paying at least the living wage, with half of these offering employer-sponsored benefits - by 2022.""BostonHires is about lifting up each and every one of our residents. The City of Boston has both a trained and ready workforce and an exceptional community of business leaders in need of that talent,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I invite our city's companies, small businesses, and community-based organizations to join BostonHires to ensure that all our residents have access to good jobs that keep our economy thriving.""Employers and job placement providers (such as job training programs and career centers) can join BostonHires by signing up to become either a BostonHires Champion or a BostonHires Advocate:Any organization that employs Boston residents or places them in jobs is welcome to join BostonHires atowd.boston.gov/bostonhires. The website includes additional information about the campaign. Boston's living wage, currently $14.41 per hour, is re-calculated each year to account for the City's changing cost of living.Twice per year, BostonHires Champions and Advocates will report their numbers of residents placed that count toward the citywide goal. In return, BostonHires Champions and Advocates will be able to display the BostonHires seal on their websites and storefronts to signal their participation to the community.""BostonHires gives us a concrete objective to work toward in collaboration with our partners,"" said Trinh Nguyen, director of OWD. ""Working together in our various capacities as employers, job trainers, and workforce development professionals, we are pushing ourselves to create a more prosperous and equitable Boston for all.""""At Goodwill and Boston Career Link, the one-stop career center we operate, our mantra is jobs, jobs, jobs,"" said Joanne Hilferty, President and CEO of Morgan Memorial Goodwill Industries. ""Every day, we help Boston residents achieve the independence and dignity that come from good jobs. We connect employers in need of workers with qualified jobseekers and are excited to partner with the City of Boston to advance the BostonHires Campaign.""While encouraging good hiring practices through BostonHires, the City of Boston is also doing its part through a new initiative called City Academy. City Academy is a training pipeline for Boston residents to access entry-level City positions that offer good wages, health benefits, pensions, and opportunities for advancement. For more information, please visitowd.boston.gov/cityacademy.The program is currently recruiting candidates for two tracks:1) Hoisting and Commercial Driver's License (CDL) training forjobs with the Boston Water & Sewer Commission, the Department of Public Works, the Parks Department, and Boston Housing Authority.2) Emergency Medical Technician (EMT) training for jobs with Boston Emergency Medical Services.For more information, pleasevisit owd.boston.gov/cityacademy.The OWD is an affiliate of the Boston Planning & Development Agency.About the Mayor's Office of Workforce DevelopmentThe Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD) is an innovative agency within the Boston Planning & Development Agency that seeks to ensure the full participation of all Boston residents in the city's economic vitality and future. The OWD funds and oversees programs that promote workforce development through education, jobs training, apprenticeships, financial coaching, career pathways, literacy initiatives, and the like. Please visit OWD.Boston.Gov to learn more about the OWD's work."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Commission on Affairs of the Elderly today celebrated the 40th anniversary of Boston Senioritymagazine, a free City publication dedicated to informing and engaging older adults in Boston.""For four decades,Boston Senioritymagazine has helped us tell the stories that make our city so special,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""It has connected and celebrated the people who know this city better than anyone: Boston's seniors.""Started in November 1977,Boston Senioritymagazine has a circulation of 15,000 copies, 10 times a year. It is distributed to more than 300 sites across the city, including Boston Public Library branches, elder housing complexes, and grocery stores. The magazine features content that includes important resources and ways to access benefits, lifestyle and health tips, and feature stories about older adults.""I look forward to this magazine each month,"" said Roxbury resident Mary A. Pennellatori, 80 years old. Residents of Chestnut Park in Cleveland Circle, pictured above, said, ""We love reading the magazine! It's educational, gives us ideas for outings and ways to stay active members in the community.""Hundreds of vintage copies of the magazine are safely stored and preserved in the City Archives.City Archivist John McColgan said, ""Boston Seniority is an important part of the City Archives' holdings and documents the work of the Elderly Commission serving Boston's seniors. We're excited to share these magazines as a part of this important milestone."" ""This magazine has chronicled our city and Commission's history, but even more importantly, it has captured our readers' milestones, too,"" said Commissioner Emily Shea. ""It is a monthly celebration of our readers' voices and experiences, and we are honored to be a part of their lives.""To learn moreabout Boston Seniority magazine, please call 617-635-2360 or email bostonseniority@boston.gov. Visitour website to readour issues online.The Commission on Affairs of the Elderly facilitates full and equal participation in all aspects of life by older adults in Boston. The commission is dedicated to improving the lives of Boston's older adults by connecting them with resources and information, and it is focused on setting the City's direction for successful aging in Boston. Read the newly launched Age-Friendly Action Plan atwww.boston.gov/age-friendly, and visitwww.boston.govfor more information.The first issue and present day:"
Hi my name is Mr. Tuff!I am a 4-year-old neutered Domestic Medium Hair cat. They call me Mr. Tuff because I'm a big boy with a tough sounding husky voice (you should hear me). I love talking to get attention, and when I do get it, I will roll on my side for belly rubs.I love to eat, explore my surroundings, and find a comfy spot to be a lazy boy.That is the only way to live the life of a cat, don't you think? Do you have a spot for me on your couch? I'll be available soon! Checkour Facebook pagefor updateson when I'm up for adoption. I promise it will be worth the wait.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Kristina Vagen with The Michaels Organization todemolish the commercial buildings located at 28 Penniman Road, 76-84 Braintree Street, 40 Rugg Road, 28-32 RuggRoad, and 10-10R Penniman Roadin Allston,MA 02134.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 23, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Heather Carbone with 89 Train LLC to demolish the two-car garage located at 89 Train Street in Dorchester,MA 02122.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 23, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the City of Boston has selected Matthew Aronson and his team of consultants to build on the city's work to end youth homelessness in Boston by researching and creating an action plan to support young individuals experiencing homelessness and put them on a pathways towards stable housing. Mr. Aronson and his team are charged with assisting the City in gathering data on youth and young adults experiencing homeless, understanding the current system's capacity, identifying the unmet needs of youth and young adults, and designing a plan to address gaps in Boston's emergency assistance system that will end youth homelessness.""I'm very proud of our efforts to redesign the way we deliver services and housing to people in Boston who are experiencing homelessness,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""We have taken significant steps forward, but we need to take that experience and success and build a new approach -- one that will make sure that every one of our young people has a stable home that allows them to work towards a better life.""Through the efforts ofBoston's Way Home, Mayor Walsh's initiative to end veteran and chronic homelessness, Boston has made progress in preventing and ending homelessness among single adults, including ending chronic veteran homelessness and housing more than 450 chronically homeless individuals. Using national and local best practices, Boston has transformed its homelessness services into a coordinated and integrated system based on Housing First principles. The City is currentlyseeking proposalsto further support people experiencing homelessness in existing shelter as quickly as possible, while ensuring they are connected with proper resources. Building on this success, the City and its partners are now turning their focus to tackling the prevalence of homelessness among unaccompanied youth and young adults.""We envision a future where Boston effectively ends homelessness and housing instability among youth and young adults,"" Mr. Aronson said. ""We are thrilled to have been chosen for this work, and we believe that we will be able to develop a plan that ensures every youth or young adult facing homelessness is safe, supported, and able to fully utilize their strengths. We believe in a future where every young person has access to effective and coordinated housing, education, employment, and health-related resources.""Mr. Aronson and his team have worked with communities at the national, state, and local levels on issues of ending youth and young adult homelessness. Mr. Aronson served for seven years as a subject matter expert on youth and young adult homelessness for the US Department of Housing and Urban Development. In that role, he wrote Federal policy, designed pilot projects, collaborated with national leaders in both the public and private sectors, and worked directly with communities including New York City, Cincinnati, and Santa Cruz to develop coordinated community plans to end homelessness among local youth and young adults.His colleagues include Dr. Alice Colegrove, Ayala Livny, Jamila Bradley and Lauren Leonardis. Several members of the team are currently co-authoring Massachusetts' state plan to end youth homelessness, while Dr. Colegrove, Ms. Livny, and Ms. Bradley are founding board members of the Y2Y shelter in Harvard Square. Ms.Leonardis, Ms. Bradley, and Ms. Livny are the founding co-facilitators of the Boston Youth Action Board. The team has combined decades of experience running and providing consulting services to myriad programs working with youth and young adults experiencing homelessness.The Walsh Administration has laid the groundwork to tackle youth homelessness: in October 2016, Boston formed a Youth Homelessness Leadership Team, which will be reconvened to serve as the steering committee to support the creation of a coordinated youth homelessness response system. This team has also identified gaps in the system and will create a Youth Homelessness Resource Map to catalogue the local organizations that provide housing and services to homeless youth.In addition, the City has convened a Youth Action Board, which assisted in the creation of a system map and will help the Leadership Team to prioritize services needed in Boston.""In order to reach a resolution you have to hear not just one voice but all of them,"" said Dustin Pardy, Boston Youth Action Board member. ""You need to ask those who have been affected by homelessness. When my opinions are valued by people from the City it means a whole lot to me. My voice is being heard through the Youth Action Board.""To support this work, the City will also receive technical assistance from HUD in the development and implementation of this plan.""As an agency which has provided comprehensive wraparound services for homeless youth and young adults in Boston for 47 years, Bridge Over Troubled Waters is grateful to Mayor Walsh and the City for their commitment to providing homeless youth with opportunities that will set them on a path to successful futures and prevent homelessness in the long term,"" said Elisabeth Jackson, Executive Director of Bridge Over Troubled Waters. ""Despite their vulnerability, homeless youth have many strengths and talents and the desire to move forward in their lives. We are excited to continue our partnership with the City and work with the new consulting team in this important effort to create the coordinated, age-appropriate system of housing and support that will reach every homeless young person in Boston and ensure that they all can achieve and sustain a place to call home.""While a number of City and State agencies and community organizations work with youth and young adults who are at-risk or experiencing homelessness in Boston, these services, interventions and resources are often not designed for the unique developmental needs of youth and young adults. Agencies offer programs that do not yet function as a coordinated system, and while Boston has begun to see promising new partnerships, there is a clear need to create a coordinated system that led to the City's success with adult individual homelessness.Creation of a coordinated plan is critical to preventing and ending homelessness among youth and young adults. At the end of the engagement, Boston will have an action plan to prevent and end youth homelessness, which will:"
Boston teens ages 15 to 18 interested in a summer job throughSuccessLink, the Mayor's Summer Jobs program, are encouraged to attend the City of Boston SuccessLink Youth Job and Resource Fair on Saturday, March 10, at the Reggie Lewis Track & Athletic Center at Roxbury Community College. The hours are from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.The job fair will feature:Every employer that hires young people through SuccessLink will be present to engage with youth about what a potential summer job would be like. Registration for SuccessLink will open February 19 and end March 30. Don't miss out on this opportunity to see what jobs are available and connect with employers! SuccessLink is managed by Boston Centers for Youth & Families' Division of Youth Engagement & Employment. More than 3,000 young people are hired every summer through SuccessLink and placed in a variety of jobs across the City.
The February school vacation week is fast approaching and Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is urging families to make plans today to attend one of the many programs and activities being offered at BCYF community centers. A complete schedule of BCYF centers vacation week activities is available at boston.gov/bcyf. A few highlights include:Several community center centers including BCYF Blackstone, BCYF Jackson Mann, BCYF Mildred Avenue, BCYF Perkins, BCYF Roslindale, BCYF Shelburne and BCYF Tobin Community Centers are offering a structured all-day vacation week program for young children featuring a wide variety of activities. Call the center directly to sign up for the program.It may be cold out but BCYFs 16 indoor pools are warm and offer open access swim time as well as structured aquatics programming under the watchful eyes of lifeguards. Several are offering free swim lessons all week as part of BCYFs Swim for Safety program. Find your local pool listed on the Aquatics page of boston.gov/bcyf.BCYF Girls Initiative is hosting several girls-only events including a two-day self-defense workshop, a media literacy workshop and a trip to see a movie.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Douglas J. Stefanovto demolish the single-story commercial building located at 236-256 Dorchester Street in South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 23, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
This February Vacation Week (February 20 - 23), Boston Public Library locations across the city host a variety of entertaining and educational programs funded by the Highland Street Foundation and with support from Boston Public Library donors. Children and families can enjoy a fun and funny concert by Matt Heaton, an interactive show about bubbles with Mike the Bubble Man, an educational, Brazilian-influenced concert from Sulinhas Trio, and a musical retelling of Hansel and Gretel from the Boston Lyric Opera. For a complete list of offerings, locations, and dates across the city, visit www.bpl.org/calendar.Boston Centers for Youth & Families' community centers across the city additionally host special programming during February Vacation Week, which can be viewed via www.boston.gov/bcyf.We are thrilled to collaborate with the Highland Street Foundation on this program series for the second year in a row, ensuring a break from the classroom can be both educational and entertaining, said Farouqua Abuzeit, Boston Public Librarys Youth Services Manager.Concerts with Matt Heaton:Children and their families will enjoy an entertaining concert by Matt Heaton. Matts songs are a mix of rockabilly, surf, American roots, and Irish traditional music, delivered witha sense of humor and sincere sense of fun. View dates and locations here.Mike the Bubble Man: Mike the Bubble Man brings magic and science to the stage with this interactive show about bubbles.Through music, choreography, and comedy, bubbles  in all different shapes and sizes  come alive, sparking imagination and wonder. A love for bubbles is never outgrown, especially when there's a chance to see the world from inside of one.View dates and locations here.Hansel and Gretel with Boston Lyric Opera: Join Boston Lyric Opera to learn how they bring the story of Hansel and Gretel to life through music, acting, and movement. Two professional singers, a pianist, and a teaching artist engage audiences in this interactive introduction to opera through a one-hour retelling of the Brothers Grimm classic fairytale.Ideal for youth ages 6-12. View dates and locations here.Concert with Sulinha's Trio: You will hear Itzy Bitzy Spider in a Bossa Nova beat, as well as many original songs with topics such as counting, the four seasons, elephants, and many other interactive and dancing songs. Children will be introduced to traditional instruments from Brazil such as Berimbau, Cuica, Pandeiro, and Surdo.View dates and locations here.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
Our goal was to take on technical debt and bugs that had been tiny thorns in the sides of us, other departments, and visitors to our sites. We (mostly) put our primary projects on hold and dedicated all four work weekdays (we acknowledge Martin Luther King, Jr. Day as a holiday at the City) to these jobs.
Hi my name is Kiko! I am a one-year-old neutered Jack Russell Terrier Mix.I am such a spunky hyper boy with a short tail that always wags! I love to run around and play while also jumping up and giving kisses. I am a little man with a BIG personality.For instance, I love playing with big dogs. They think they can over run me, but I show them that I can hang with the best of them!I also have a high-pitched bark when I get excited and want to play. I think I heard someone sayI need a little bass in my bark.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Kayla Adams to demolish the one-car detached garage located at 20 New Bedford Street in Hyde Park, MA 02136.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 22, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
William Monroe Trotter was born in 1872 and lived in Hyde Park. He attended Hyde Park High School, which at the time, was a predominately white school. The 1890 graduation exercises below show that he gave the valedictory address to his fellow classmates.After high school, Trotter attended Harvard University, where he became the first man of color to receive a Phi Beta Kappa. After leaving Harvard, he opened his own business. He also founded the independent African American newspaper, the Boston Guardian, and began speaking out against the racial inequality that he saw in his city. Trotter noticed that Boston was becoming more segregated, rather than less. He began working to counteract this segregation.Trotter advocated for more activism in the African American community, and frequently butted heads with another African American leader, Booker T. Washington. Though both men sought to advance civil rights for African Americans, Trotter strongly disagreed with Washingtons methods and publicly advocated for more confrontational tactics in the fight for racial justice.Trotter openly confronted the racial injustices that he saw in both the local and national contexts.In 1910, Dr. Cornelius Garland, a black physician, attempted to create an all black hospital in Bostons South End. Trotter opposed Garlands efforts, and used his newspaper, The Guardian to advocate against Garlands hospital. .Rather than opening an all black hospital, Trotter believed the citys white hospitals should be integrated. He worked with a group of black doctors to advocate for the integration of Bostons existing hospitals, including Boston City Hospital. His efforts succeeded in 1929, when the group exposed discrimination and segregation at Boston City Hospital, and the hospital decided to integrate. In 1929, the hospital admitted its first black nursing students and three years later, the hospital admitted its first black interns.On the national stage, Trotter advocated for the integration of the federal workforce. In 1912, Trotter supported candidate Woodrow Wilson for President. When Wilson won the presidency and decided to segregate federal offices, Trotter met with him twice to argue against segregating the federal government. Though Trotter was was unsuccessful in convincing Wilson to change his segregation policies, he continued to advocate against a segregated government. He specifically focused on desegregating the military. Though Trotter died in 1934, his early efforts are credited with the integration of the officer corps during World War II. After the war, President Truman completely integrated the military.The home of William Monroe Trotter is one of the landmarks highlighted in the Mayor's Black History Month Art Contest. Mayor Walsh is calling on students to visit one or more places related to Bostons black history and submit artwork inspired by them. Visit the contest website to participate!
Hi my name is Mindy! I am a one-year-old, spayed Domestic Short HairKitty!I am such a sweet girl, I love to walk around, flop on my back and rub. What I am really doing is leaving my scent around so everyone else knows that I was here! I am a mover and shaker kind of girl!I want to know and see what everything is around me (some may call that being nosy). I am independent and like to be the only one with all of the attention. So, if you have another pet at home, I am unfortunately not the girl for you! If you are looking for someone like me and think I am a purfect fit for you, come and visit me down at the shelter!
Bostons goal is to be carbon neutral by 2050. This goal is in line with other cities leading on climate action and all other actors signed on to the Paris Climate Agreement. Were committed to addressing climate change because were already feeling its impacts. Earlier this year during winter storm Grayson, many of our residents and businesses saw that firsthand. Its important for everyone to understand these risks, especially when it provides opportunity to be more creative and smart about our built and social environments. But the challenge is twofold. If we are to avoid the worst of those projected impacts, we need to accelerate our reductions in greenhouse gas emissions that cause climate change. The City of Boston is looking at how we can achieve our goal of carbon neutrality by reviewing all of our options. Then we can make smart choices to address the challenges head on in the next update of our Climate Action Plan. Were working with Boston Universitys Institute of Sustainable Energy and Bostons Green Ribbon Commission to form an understanding of our options through technical modeling that their teams of experts are creating. Their analysis will look at four key sectors where to reducing carbon emissions is critical energy, buildings, transportation, and waste.Its true, 2050 is more than 30 years away. But its important to start the work now because the challenge ahead wont be easy. Well need everyones help in developing a shared, positive vision for a carbon-free future and seize the opportunity to build a healthy, greener Boston.Like many cities leading on climate action, its important to track our citywide greenhouse gas emissions and inventory the source of those emissions. Today, we released the latest sets of data within our greenhouse gas emissions through Analyze Boston, the City of Bostons open data hub. As with all Analyze Boston datasets, we encourage you to explore the numbers. We also provided a report that helps to explain where the numbers come from and how were looking at them. In short were holding steady while we grow and are on trend to reach our goals. But were also two percent above last years emissions. Some of that increase in emissions can be attributed to natural variation in weather, such as cold winters. While the overall trend is downward, its not happening fast enough. You can readmore details on our greenhouse gas inventory, or dive in to the datasets on Analyze Boston.If were going to get to carbon neutrality, there is a lot of hard work and big decisions ahead. That is why a process like Carbon Free Boston is so important. We need to fully understand all of our options in order to make smart choices quickly. The final analysis of Carbon Free Boston is expected to be completed at the end of this summer. Together with what we learned from Climate Ready Boston, well launch a community-wide process to create our shared roadmap for a carbon free and climate ready Boston in the next update of Bostons Climate Action Plan.Greenovate Boston is your one-stop shop for staying informed and engaged in the work that the City is doing on climate action. We work to connect residents to resources, like how to save energy in your homes through Mass Save which is one of the biggest impacts you can make right now as an individual and even offer trainings on how to talk about the impacts of climate change in our backyard. But were far from the silver bullet.This is an all-hands-on-deck challenge. We have great partners helping us push this work forward, but we encourage all members of the Boston community to join us in creating solutions that lead to a carbon-free future. We recognize that the impacts of climate change are felt first and worst by those in our most vulnerable communities. Were committed to ensuring thatall Bostonians arepart of this process,especially those who have been historically disadvantaged.We all need to come together to meet this monumental challenge.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announcedThe Castle Square Tenants Organization (CSTO)as the recipient of a $35,000 grant from the City of BostonDigital Equity Fund. TheDigital Equity Fund, created in October, aims to provide support to community-based organizations that help Boston residents fully connect and participate in today's media and information landscape.""A more connected Boston is a more equitable City, a more innovative City and a more prosperous City,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We're pleased to award this grant to a program that will help our residents grow their digital skills while increasing access to information for all.""The CSTO's mission is to promote the economic, educational and social empowerment of low income individuals by providing access to safe, quality affordable housing and supportive direct service programs. The organization offers paid internships through which low-income Boston high school students learn valuable digital skills. The organization also offers a computer repair program that helps make technology accessible to all.The project will serve various Boston neighborhoods, including Chinatown, Dorchester, Downtown, Mattapan, Mission Hill, Roxbury, South Boston, and the South End.Participants in the CSTO programs gain valuable technology related skills, and often use those skills to help their families and communities.""Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston have been very supportive of CSTO over the years,"" said Deborah Backus, Executive Director of CSTO. ""We are thrilled to partner with the Department of Innovation and Technology on this new project and play a part in bridging the digital divide for all Boston residents.""By providing seed funding to The Castle Square Tenants Organization, the City hopes to identify promising strategies that can attract outside funding and further create a City where everyone has the tools and skills they need to succeed in the 21st century.The goal of the Digital Equity Fund is to explore ways to build individual and community capacity to:The Digital Equity Fund is overseen by the City of Boston Department of Innovation & Technology (DoIT) and an external Fund Council consisting of five members. Advisory board members are appointed by Mayor Walsh and serve three year terms. To qualify for a grant, nonprofit organizations must be Boston-based and serve Boston residents. The grant received eight applications between October and November 2017.The Department of Innovation and Technology makes sure the networks, computers and systems that support the City are secure and effective. They also manage the City's websites and technologies focused on service delivery.The CSTO has a waitlist of students for the spring 2018 semester. For more information about applying for summer or fall 2018 sessions, please contact Deborah Backus atdbackus@cstoboston.org. Individuals and nonprofits seeking refurbished computers or IT support, or who wish to donate used equipment, can contact Irene Chan atichan@cstoboston.org."
"Just last week, Berklees own Rubn Blades earned the award for Best Tropical Latin Album for Salsa Big Band. Overall, Berklee alums have received a total of 283 Grammy Awards. And if you think thats impressive, Berklee alums have also won Academy Awards for music in films, as well as Emmys and Tonys. Remember ""Book of Mormon""? It won Tony Awards for Best Musical, Best Book of a Musical, Best Direction of a Musical, and Best Original Score in 2011. Author, composer, director, and overall talented guy Trey Parker (also of South Park fame) is an alum from 1988.Boston has two Regional Theatre Tony Award-winning theater companies:the Huntington Theatre and the American Repertory Theater. In addition, to that, the ART has earned a whopping 19 Tony awards over the years. The Boston Symphony Orchestra has also earned nine Grammys awards.Tom Fiedler, Dean of the College of Communication at Boston University, is a Pulitzer Prize winning journalist. In addition, BU can boast six Nobel Laureates and dozens of Guggenheim and MacArthur Fellows, and National Book Award winners. Twenty-fiveEmersonians were nominated for Emmy Awards in 2015 alone. The Boston Early Music Festival, which has only ever made eightrecordings, earned fivenominations. Not a bad record! Theyve won one, so far, but there are likely more to come.Our most recent announcement regarding this years Boston Cultural Council Organizational Grants are a testament to all of this. Were proud to say we were able to fund over $470,000 to 181 arts organizations across Greater Boston. These organizations, varying in artistic discipline, demographics, and neighborhoods, all have plans to make Boston do great things through the power of the arts, and were so excited to be able to help them achieve that. Funding these organizations will also help us in terms of our own goals outlined in Boston Creates, which include making arts accessible to every resident of Boston, diversifying artistic opportunities and making sure everyone is equally represented through art, and using art as a catalyst for larger conversations about social change.And it doesnt end there. In a few weeks well be announcing the first round of this years grantees for the Opportunity Fund, a pilot program geared toward providing artists with meaningful one-time opportunities to help advance their careers and artistic goals. Investing in individual artists is another major goal of Boston Creates, and we are excited to see how these grants pave the way for even more arts champions in Boston. Stay tuned for more!Whats so special about this idea of Boston being a city of arts champions is that it extends far beyond the Citys arts sector. We have elected officials, CEOs, and even youth coming together to advocate for the importance of the arts. Last month, Boston Arts Academy celebrated its20th anniversary with its performance Dancing in the Streets at the Strand Theatre, and presented Attorney General Maura Healey with the Boston Arts Academy Champion Award in recognition of her incredible passion for the arts. And just this week, MassPoetry held their annual Evening of Inspired Leaders, where leaders from a variety of industries came together to read a favorite poem and speak about the connection of art to their own lives and fields of work.This connection across neighborhoods, backgrounds, and industries is what separates Boston from other cities, what makes us a city of arts champions. We cant wait to see what artists and arts supporters will achieve this year in the City of Boston."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of the latestHealth of Boston reportthat presents the overall health of Boston residents, providing a foundation for the City's further planning and implementation of health-related services and policies, and supports the Boston Public Health Commission's (BPHC) critical role in furthering health equity in Boston.""This report serves as a roadmap to drive and prioritize our efforts by not only describing the health successes and challenges we face as a city, but also offering real world perspectives,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We celebrate the progress made in the last decade, and look forward to continuing to build a thriving City with health for all residents at its foundation.""""I'm encouraged by the progress Boston has already made toward creating opportunities for all residents to live healthy, fulfilling lives,"" said Chief of Health and Human Services Marty Martinez. ""With this data, we are prepared to look toward the future, to work with partners, providers, and residents on tackling health issues collectively and with a broader lens. We will look beyond individual programs and services to build out a system of compassionate care that encompasses all of the needs of Boston's residents.""The2016-2017 Health of Boston reportpresents data on environmental health, access to health care, maternal and child health, health-related behaviors, chronic disease, cancer, infectious disease, sexual health, injury and exposure to violence, mental health, substance use disorders, and causes of death. The report focuses on the various social, economic, and environmental factors that impact health, such as education, employment, income and poverty, and housing.Data sources for the report include the U.S. census, birth and death registries, hospital emergency department and inpatient discharge databases, sexually transmitted and infectious disease surveillance data, surveys that describe individual behaviors or community demographics and assets, geographical data, and environmental monitoring data from local and state agencies. Data was collected and analyzed by BPHC, the City's health department.""The data and points of view included within the report serve to guide our work, inform our strategic priorities, and increase our capacity to address these challenges through targeted partnerships and collaboration,"" said BPHC Executive Director Monica Valdes Lupi, JD, MPH. ""This report gives us the foundation to tailor our services to the most urgent needs of Boston residents, specifically the most vulnerable.""""The Health of Boston report is a valuable tool in measuring the progress we are making to improve the overall health in Boston,"" stated Wanda McClain, vice president of Community Health and Health Equity, Brigham and Women's Hospital. ""We still have work to do to close the gaps that exist for racial and ethnic populations who have poorer birth outcomes and higher rates of chronic disease. We are committed to working collaboratively with community partners to ensure health equity for all Bostonians.""The data identifies advances in reducing in infant mortality and consistently low prevalence of elevated blood lead levels among children under age 6. It also shows declines in adolescent pregnancy, cigarette smoking and binge drinking among youth, chlamydia incidence, hepatitis C incidence, homicide and cancer mortality. Among the report's findings, some include:""As a community health center on the frontline of care, we're thrilled to see outcomes improving for the people of Boston. The City's health initiatives are gaining meaningful traction, indicating that we're on the right path,"" said Manny Lopes, president and CEO of East Boston Neighborhood Health Center (EBNHC). ""Seeing such positive data for East Boston, specifically, is deeply affirming the 1,200 EBNHC team members who work to meet our mission every day. We will build on our positive momentum, improving the health and well-being of the Boston community-and continually redefining what's possible.""The report also highlights new and continued challenges such as the local impact of the national opioid epidemic, which is claiming lives at a historically high rate, and chronic disease prevalence rates remaining high. Differences in health experience across racial and ethnic groups, men and women, residents of public housing and homeowners, low income and higher income residents, and several other groups who may be at increased risk for poor health are also addressed.The Boston Public Health Commission, the country's oldest health department, is an independent public agency providing a wide range of health services and programs. It is governed by a seven-member board of health appointed by the Mayor of Boston.The full report can befound online.About the Boston Public Health CommissionPublic service and access to quality health care are the cornerstones of our mission -- to protect, preserve, and promote the health and well-being of all Boston residents, particularly those who are most vulnerable. The Commission's more than 40 programs are grouped into six bureaus: Child, Adolescent & Family Health Community Health Initiatives Homeless Services Infectious Disease Recovery Services and Emergency Medical Services."
Boston youth can now enroll in the MBTA Youth Pass Program at Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Administrative Office,1483 Tremont Street, in Mission Hill. The Youth Pass Program is a partnership between the City of Boston and the MBTA to provide reduced transportation fares to eligible youth ages 12-25.The Youth Pass CharlieCard allows youth to purchase a monthly pass for all local bus and subway lines, including the Silver Line, for $30 a month at MBTA fare vending machines. In addition, the Youth Pass CharlieCard provides half-priced single ride fares for all bus and subway trips. Once someone enrolls in the Youth Pass program, they only need to return to BCYF once a year to renew the card.The Youth Pass program ensures that young adults who rely on public transportation to commute to and from school, work, health institutions, community events, meetings, programs, and other opportunities across the City of Boston have access to low cost transportation. BCYFs Division of Youth Engagement & Employment (YEE) will oversee the program.In 2014, the City of Boston and the MBTA partnered to introduce a pilot Youth Pass initiative at Boston City Hall. In 2016, the pilot initiative became a permanent program and has enrolled hundreds of participants in this affordable transportation option. The move to BCYF in Mission Hill makes it an easier process to get the pass. The Mission Hill location also offers additional, more convenient hours, multiple public transportation options as well as access to other youth programming and services housed in the same building.To be eligible to receive the Youth Pass, youth must be residents of Boston. The pass is available to 12-18 year-olds who are not enrolled in middle or high school, as students enrolled in Boston Public Schools already receive free MBTA passes. Young adults between the ages of 19-25 must demonstrate involvement in an approved GED, job training or state/federal income based benefit program such as WIC and MassHealth, or live in public housing. To learn more about the complete list of approved programs, eligibility criteria and how to apply for the Youth Pass, please call BCYF YEE at 617-635-4202. More information about the Youth Pass program can also be found online.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink (Mayors Summer Jobs Program).
"Forrester Blanchard Washington was born in Salem, Massachusetts, but his family later moved to Boston. He graduated from South Boston High School in 1905. His name is listed in South Boston High Schools graduation exercises from 1905, which you can see below. Forrester excelled academically, and earned degrees from Tufts, Harvard, and Columbia Universities.In 1916, after finishing his education, Forrester worked in Detroit as the first director of the Detroit Urban League. He led the league during a period of rapid growth in Detroits African American population. Forrester worked to help black migrants adjust to urban life, while also advocating for equal employment for African American workers.After a decade of working for the Urban League in both Detroit and Philadelphia, Forrester moved to Atlanta, where he became a professor at the Atlanta University School of Social Work.During the Great Depression, President Franklin Roosevelt appointed Forrester as the Director of Negro Work in the Federal Emergency Relief Administration (FERA). In this position, Forrester called attention to the unequal treatment of African Americans by both the government and white employers. He argued that the federal government should ensure that African Americans had equal educational and employment opportunities.Below is a set of statements from Washington about FERA and other labor related programs.Faced with silence from Franklin Roosevelt and his administration, Washington came to the conclusion that he would be more effective working outside of the federal government. He resigned from FERA and returned to his position at the Atlanta University School of Social Work. Washington is credited with leading the school through some of its most difficult periods and developing a key group of well-trained African-American social workers. Below, you can see a letter from Washington to W.E.B Dubois suggesting articles from the upcoming publication ""Encyclopedia of the Negro."""
Hi, my name is Sage! I am a 5-year-old spayed Patterdale Terrier Mix.I am an explorer at heart. When I am outside, I love to roam and sniff who has been in the area lately. When I am one-on-one with you, I will get in your lap and roll over for belly rubs! I get very wiggly and cuddly when sitting around with people, but there is nothing like being outside to take in the air.I am a very independent girl with a big sweet personality! Whenever someone meets me, they fall in love with me  it could be my looks or how sweet I am. Come and be the judge for yourself. Visit me here at the shelter I know you will find it hard to leave without me!
"Effective July 1, 2018, all businesses in the City of Boston that are not registered with the Office of the City Clerk (""Clerk's Office"") as required by Massachusetts General Laws, Chapter 110, Section 5 will be assessed a fine of up to $300.00 per month that a business remains unregistered with the Clerk's Office.All businesses in the City of Boston operating under a ""doing business as"" designation (DBA) are legally required to file a Business Registration with the Clerk's Office every four (4) years. The filing fee for this registration is $65.00.Once the Clerk's office has determined a business is unregistered, an initial notification providing detailed information and instructions on how to register with the Clerk's Office will be sent to the business owner.If a business remains unregistered after initial notification, the Clerk's Office will send a ""final notice"" to the business owner. Businesses that fail to register after receiving a ""final notice"" from the Clerk's Office will be assessed a fine of up to $300.00 per month that a business unregistered with the Clerk's Office.Please do not hesitate to contact the Clerk's Office with any questions concerning business registration at 617-635-4601."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Pamela Goodman with Beacon Communities Services LLC to demolish eight apartment buildings within the Anne M. Lynch Homes at Old Colonyon 4.6 acres of land between E. 8th and Rev. Burke Streets, and between Dorchester and Mercer Streets, in South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 15, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Erick and Alyson Perschketo demolish the single-car detached garage at 424 Gallivan Boulevard in Dorchester, MA 02124.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 15, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a Request for Information (RFI) to inform the City of Boston's approach to potential litigation against pharmaceutical companies and other entities contributing to the opioid crisis. The City seeks to gather information from qualified law firms, universities, think tanks, hospitals, governmental entities, researchers, and any other interested parties to help inform the City's approach for developing best practice legal and other strategies to recoup public money in the form of damages arising from the City's use of its public services to combat the resulting opioid crisis.The RFI asks that interested applicants evaluate the financial, social, and other costs caused by the reckless dissemination of opioids and the misleading information about the safety and purpose of their use.""The pharmaceutical industry is the main offender and sustainer of the opioid crisis,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""They were irresponsible in their practices and turned their heads the other way to increase profits, causing irreversible devastation to our families and significant damages to cities nationwide. In Boston, we are addressing the opioid crisis from every angle, from creating the first municipal recovery office to investing in more services and building a state-of-the-art recovery facility on Long Island. We, like so many towns and cities across the country, have invested the time, money and resources. Now is the time to finally hold the pharmaceutical industry responsible.""Based upon the responses received, the City may enter into an agreement for legal services with a qualified attorney or law firm. The City may also choose to explore other contracts, projects and remedies to address this growing public health crisis. The goals of any litigation or other endeavor shall be to recoup public money in the form of damages arising from the City's use of its public services to respond to the opioid epidemic and create long-term solutions including rehabilitation services and support networks for all impacted residents of the City of Boston and their families.Having been in recovery for over 20 years, Mayor Walsh understands firsthand how easily addiction can take hold and how difficult it can be to recover. In his first term, Mayor Walsh made expanding access to recovery services in Boston a priority by creating theOffice of Recovery Servicesto study substance use in Boston and lead the city's strategy around substance use disorders, addiction and recovery. This is the first and only municipal recovery office in the nation.In addition, Mayor Walsh mandated the life-saving medication naloxone (Narcan) be carried in every public safety vehicle in the city in his first two weeks in office and launched a new 24/7 hotline through 311 to help people struggling with addiction access all levels of recovery services.Continuing these efforts into his second term, Mayor Walsh announced in his inaugural speech earlier this month that his Administration will rebuild the Long Island Bridge and invest in a comprehensive, long-term recovery facility on Long Island. These new services will offer a continuum of care, from harm reduction, to detox, to residential treatment, to transitional housing and ongoing peer support, and equip people with the opportunity to rebuild a life.All responses or questions to the RFI should be submitted to John Natoli atJohn.Natoli@boston.gov. The City shall accept responses up tonoon ESTonMarch 12, 2018."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and library community members today celebrated the opening of Boston Public Library Chinatown at2 Boylston Streetin the China Trade Center. The event marked the return of library services to the neighborhood for the first time in more than 50 years, and a $1 million investment in library services in Chinatown. Regular library hours will begin onMonday, February 5, at 10 a.m.""I'm so proud that today fulfills our promise to the Chinatown community, and brings library services back to this neighborhood for all to enjoy,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""So many Chinatown residents have waited decades for this day, and the opening of this space marks our commitment to ensuring all neighborhoods have the resources and support they need. I look forward to residents benefitting from this space and services.""In his 2017 State of City address, Mayor Walsh pledged to bring library services back to Chinatown. The location will operate for three to five years while plans for long-term library services in Chinatown are developed. Planning firm Miller Dyer Spears worked with the Boston Public Library (BPL), the Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services and the community to develop long-term requirements for a library services program in the neighborhood. Their completed planning study isavailablehere.""BPL Chinatown demonstrates our commitment to our communities and the importance of physical libraries' presence throughout our city. Chinatown is a vibrant, evolving neighborhood and Boston Public Library is eager to bring long-term services to the neighborhood,"" said Boston Public Library President David Leonard.The BPL Chinatown location represents an investment of almost $1 million in bringing library services to Chinatown. BPL Chinatown includes bilingual staff, books, newspapers, and periodicals in English and Mandarin, children's programming, a 2,500 item collection, DVDs in English and Mandarin, holds pick-up, immigration and citizenship information, laptops for in-library use, and WiFi. Hours areMonday-Thursday10 a.m. - 6 p.m.Friday9 a.m. - 5 p.m.All are welcome to utilize its services.""Residents, including youth, have worked for many years to return library service to Chinatown,"" said Suzanne Lee, President Emeritus of the Chinese Progressive Association. ""We are happy this is finally a reality, and we will continue to work toward a permanent solution.""The Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) owns the Chinatown Trade Center and served as the project manager for the build-out of the temporary library services space. In order to expedite the process to open BPL Chinatown, last year the BPDA extended an existing contract with Bargmann Hendrie + Archtype Inc., the architectural firm overseeing the BPDA's overall renovation of the China Trade Center, to also include design and build- out supervision for the library services. In July of 2017, the BPDA awarded the construction contract to Northern Contracting Corporation, Inc.In addition to housing the new library services, the China Trade Center is also the home to several non-profit agencies that provide essential services to Chinatown residents, including the International Institute of New England and the Urban College of Boston.""Over the past several years, the Boston Planning & Development Agency has worked to bring providers and services to the China Trade Center that benefit the people of Chinatown,"" said Brian Golden, Director of the BPDA. ""After many years without a library in Chinatown, we are pleased that the Chinatown Trade Center can serve as the temporary home of BPL Chinatown and look forward to working with BPL and the community to find a permanent home for library services.""The opening of BPL Chinatown highlights Mayor Walsh's commitment to investing in all Boston neighborhoods, delivering exceptional city services. Nearly $14 million of library projects expenditure are planned across the city in fiscal year 2018, and Mayor Martin J. Walsh is investing $102 million in funding for library projects slated for fiscal year 2019 - fiscal year 2022. The Adams Street, Dudley, Parker Hill, Roslindale and Uphams Corner branches are currently in various stages of planning and renovation. Most major renovations or new construction projects undergo a programming, design, and construction phase, which always include significant community engagement at each step to gain input, feedback, and insight from users. More information on can beviewed online.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, 25 branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a children's room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org."
"On Sunday, February 4, 2018, the New England Patriots will play the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl 52. The Boston Police have placed temporary""No Stopping"" restrictions on certain streets."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston is seeking innovative ideas about how the City could potentially utilize its capital assets to spur the development of additional housing for Boston residents, while improving the infrastructure conditions of City buildings through redevelopment. In aRequest for Informationreleased today, Boston will measure interest in the mixed-use redevelopment of assets such as community centers, libraries and fire stations. The goal of the RFI is to determine whether this type of development is right for Boston, while identifying how it could be pursued in the future.""With the right projects and partnerships in place, we believe this model could have the potential to enhance City property by improving our infrastructure and generating new affordable housing options needed in neighborhoods throughout our city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to seeing the ideas that could help us reimagine the future of our civic spaces to maximize the public benefit.""Cities around the country, including Chicago, San Francisco, New York City and Washington, DC, have built affordable and market-rate housing alongside and on top of city assets such as libraries and transit stations. These cities consider this work a critical part of creating more public value with public assets.""In Washington, DC we are committed to building and preserving neighborhoods that residents can both afford and enjoy, and we're doing this through the creation of public-private partnerships that deliver housing, job opportunities, and community benefits. Recently, we cut the ribbon on a new library that is part of a development that includes a firehouse, retail, and affordable housing for residents, this means a lot of resources in one location. We look forward to collaborating with Boston as we both work to build safer, stronger communities and put more residents on pathways to the middle class,"" said Washington, DC Mayor Muriel Bowser.""As a community-based non-profit in a neighborhood where countless families have been displaced by skyrocketing housing costs, JPNDC has found City land and resources to be instrumental to our efforts to create new affordable homes,"" said Leslie Boss, Director of Real Estate at the Jamaica Plain Neighborhood Development Corp. ""The Housing Innovation Lab's concept is intriguing, as it offers the dual benefit of supporting affordable housing development and improving facilities and services that are critical to the safety and quality of life for the entire community. We are excited to see the City continuing to explore creative new approaches.""Boston owns hundreds buildings that could be candidates for these types of development. A preliminary list of these assets is available in the Request for Information for potential respondents to review. The City's primary interest is in proposals that identify how city assets currently used for core city services, such as libraries, fire stations, police stations, and community centers can be combined with housing.""As a convener of Boston's design and development community, we are happy to see the City explore how innovative design, adaptive reuse, and co-location can help address Boston's housing needs,"" said Jay Wickersham, FAIA, Board Chair of the Boston Society of Architects. ""We commend the Walsh Administration for taking this thoughtful step.""A Request for Information is a call for input, which allows the city to explore new ideas. It does not replace or interrupt the normal community process. If the City chooses to pursue any specific development ideas, the development will undergo a full community process, engaging local residents and community members before any potential redevelopment takes place. All submissions are expected to outline how potential development will remain contextual to the city and the neighborhood.The City's nationally-recognized Housing Innovation Lab (iLAB), part of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics and the Department of Neighborhood Development, is leading this RFI. The iLAB is transforming how Boston designs, develops and funds housing, and has been creating housing solutions in collaboration with many diverse constituencies at the City, in our communities, and across industries.The Walsh Administration continues to be a leader in ambitious and innovative work to build, sustain, and promote affordable housing for its Boston residents.Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030is the Walsh Administration's comprehensive housing plan. Under this plan, Boston will create 53,000 new units of housing at a variety of income levels throughout Boston, including 44,000 units of housing for the workforce 5,000 units of housing for senior citizens and 4,000 units to stabilize the market and bring rents and housing prices under control. During his second inaugural address in January, Mayor Walsh also pledged to increase Boston's targets for low-income homes, moderate-income homes, senior housing, and overall units.Since the 2014 implementation of Housing a Changing City, 13,551 new units of housing have been completed. With an additional 8,412 units currently under construction, the City has secured housing for an estimated 25,000 residents, making significant progress in meeting Boston's rapid population growth. The City remains on target to meet the production goals. To date, the Walsh Administration has committed more than $100 million in funding to the creation and preservation of affordable housing.The City will accept submissions throughMarch 23, 2018 respondents' questions may be submitted tomargo.cramer@boston.govbyFebruary 12, 2018. An applicant conference will be held onFebruary 15, 2018at26 Court Street, Boston. Responses to this Request for Information will not result in any development agreements or site-specific plans. Additional information is available on the Housing Innovation Lab Request for Informationwebpage.About Imagine Boston 2030Shaped by more than 15,000 resident voices, Imagine Boston 2030 is the first citywide plan since 1965. Mayor Walsh released the plan in July of 2017. The final plan can be downloaded athttps://imagine.boston.gov/and can be found at all branches of the Boston Public Library.About the Housing Innovation LabThe Mayor'sHousing Innovation Lab was facilitated by a collaboration between the Department of Neighborhood Development and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM). The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics serves as Mayor Walsh's civic innovation group. A City agency that was formed in 2010, New Urban Mechanics pilots experiments that offer the potential to improve the quality of life for Boston residents. The Housing Innovation Lab focuses their work on reducing the cost of housing. To learn more about MONUM, follow the office onTwitteror visit theirwebsite. To learn more about the Housing Innovation Lab, follow the office onTwitteror visit theirwebsite."
February is Black History Month! Here at the Employee Assistance Program (EAP), we are committed to educating ourselves about Black History, as well as sharing information with others. Our hope is that youll take some time to reflect on diversity and how it benefits our workplace, homes, communities, and world. Discussing these topics with colleagues, family, and friends helps to build understanding and awareness,which is the first step to change. To learn more about Black History this month, check out these local places and ideas, which all offer great information.We are always open to hearing from employees and their families as to what is going on in the community of Boston. If youre aware of any additional programs or activities that celebrate Black History Month, wewouldlove to know! Have a safe and happy February.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced applications are now available for the 2018 City of Boston Scholarships. TheCity of Boston Scholarship programis designed to support higher education, and is available to Boston residents interested in pursuing an undergraduate degree or continuing education in Massachusetts.""The City of Boston Scholarship Fund helps turn our residents' dreams of completing their post-secondary education into reality,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Giving our residents a helping hand in pursuing their degree is a wonderful investment in Boston's future. I look forward to receiving many applications from talented students throughout Boston's neighborhoods, and providing scholarships to our new class of Boston scholars.""The City of Boston Scholarship fund is a need-based scholarship that provides up to $10,000 over four years towards tuition, and relies primarily on generous contributions from individuals, organizations and corporations to further the goal of having more Boston residents complete a post-secondary education.During the 2017-2018 academic year, the scholarship program awarded a total of $275,000 to over 100 students representing almost every neighborhood of Boston, over 25 local high schools and 30 local colleges and universities.This year, the Scholarship Committee worked to simplify and strengthen the application process. Highlights include a new recommendation form that assesses college and career readiness, three short-answer questions in place of a longer essay, an Expected Family Contribution (EFC) calculator for students not eligible for FAFSA, and a clear recognition of financial need among continuing education students.The City of Boston Scholarship program is part of Mayor Walsh's commitment to ensuring access to higher education is available for all in Boston. In 2016, Mayor Walsh launchedtuition-free community collegefor Boston Public Schools graduates, providing a cost-effective entry point into higher education for Boston's young people. Participating colleges includeBunker Hill Community College, MassBay Community College, and Roxbury Community College.The City of Boston offers many other resources for residents pursuing higher education. On the Mayor's Education Cabinet'sHigher Education Resource page, residents can now find the resources most appropriate for their educational goals in one place, including the Tuition-Free Community College program,The Boston Bridgeand aninventory of local scholarships.""The cost of college tuition has increased by 45 percent in the last decade -- a price rising faster than nearly any other good or service in America,"" said Boston Chief of Education Turahn Dorsey. ""Over the coming year, the Mayor's Education Cabinet and the City's Scholarship Committee will work with local students, educators, higher education officials, and college access experts to identify ways to to ensure that all Boston students find an affordable way to access, and complete, a postsecondary education.""Candidates for City of Boston scholarships must be Boston residents who have graduated from high school or have completed G.E.D. programming by the time the awards are made. Additionally, candidates must be planning to attend, or currently attending, a two- or four-year accredited post-secondary institution in Massachusetts.Residents who meet these eligibility requirements are encouraged to applyhere. The deadline to submit applications for incoming freshmen isApril 13, 2018 at 5:00 p.m.For applicants who are renewing their scholarship from a previous year, please email COBscholarship@boston.gov.City of Boston Scholarship information"
On one very cold night in January, A-7 Boston Police Captain McCormick received a call that a family traveling through Boston after their daughter had just undergone brain surgery in New York had missed their train home to Portland, Maine, and were trying to find somewhere in North Station to keep warm for the night.Shortly thereafter, Captain McCormick arrived and told the family that he would drive them to a train stop on the North Shore to grab the next train. While in the cruiser, the family soon realized that Captain McCormicks intention wasnt to simply drop them off at another train station, but to drive them the full three hours home.Their daughter, Kori, was so touched by Captain McCormicks actions that she went to social media in an attempt to make sure his actions did not go unrecognized. Her post moved so many individuals that it was shared over 11,000 times and was picked up by local and national media outlets.During this weeks Council meeting, Councilor Edwards recognized Captain McCormick for going above and beyond in his role as a public servant to assist a family in need during their travels through Boston.Captain McCormick said, Theres a sign in my office that says, Make a small difference, today. The only way I can go make a small difference  and my 2100 officers that serve with us  is with your support. Its the support of the Mayor, the Police Commissioner, and this Council  and what you do every day empowers us to make a small difference in the community every day. Thats all we ask to do.Captain McCormick is well-known in the East Boston community as a selfless and dedicated public servant.
Boston Public Library honors Black History Month with its annual Black Is booklist, a list of recent works concerning the African American experience compiled by staff librarians with annotations for all to enjoy. Categories of books include international, teen, and urban fiction, and biography/memoir, expressions, and history and contemporary issues in nonfiction. Copies of the booklist will be available at all library locations this week and is available in pdf format on the BPL website.The curated list includes authors such as actor and comedian Kevin Hart, Ta-Nehisi Coates, Imbolo Mbue, Sadeqa Johnson, Nnedi Okorafor, and more.Previous Black Is booklists can be found online. Boston Public Library also celebrates Hispanic Heritage Month with an annual Latino Life Booklist, and a We Are Pride booklist in June.Programs honoring Black History Month can be viewed on the library's calendar, which include a Sidney Poitier film Series, childrens programs, lectures, and more.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
As grateful as I am for his contributions, as inspired as I am by his professional hallmarks that have been trailblazing in their own right  what I admire most about him is the type of man that he is. His character, the type of husband, he sets an example being a father, a grandfather  so as much as we are uplifting the contributions as the public servant, what we are really doing today is honoring the man, said Councilor Pressley as she recognized Clarence Cooper, a dedicated public servant of 50 years.During Wednesdays Council meeting, Cooper was honored for his dedication to public service in Boston, which began on Hubert Humphreys Democratic campaign in 1968. Throughout his career he has worked on the campaigns of President Barack Obama, Senator Elizabeth Warren, Hillary Clinton, and numerous others.Cooper began working as a carpenter in 1970, eventually serving as Foreman-general carpenter and Safety Superintendent until his retirement in 2006. He was elected to the Carpenters District Council of Boston and made history as the first and only Black person to be elected to the Executive Board of Carpenters Local 67.Cooper is one of the founding members of the Unity Sport and Culture Association and served as its president for 20 years. At this organization, he has held a senior luncheon for 35 years, the Senior Ball with B-3 police, and numerous parties for children.He has also been the Chair of Caribbean American Political Action Committee (CAPAC) for 25 years during which he worked and orchestrated numerous campaigns and forums. He is also the founder of the New England Cricket League and a co-founder of the Boston Carnival, which began in 1973.Cooper, who expressed much gratitude for the Resolution he received, said, I feel so humbled and honored that such a prestigious organization, duly elected by the City of Boston, has seen it fit to honor me here. Leaving Trinidad and Tobago 51 years ago, I never thought this would occur. I thought I would come here, get two jobs, make plenty of money and run back to Trinidad and Tobago  but my friends Ive got to tell you  Boston has a way and means of captivating the heart of anyone who comes here.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from David Calito demolish the single-family residence at 268 Bremen Street in East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 9,2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the City of Boston's Black History Month Committee, and the entire City of Boston will begin a month-long celebration in honor of Black History Month. Special events around Boston will celebrate the contributions and accomplishments of the Black community, and will acknowledge the trailblazers, activists and leaders who have fought so hard for diversity, inclusion and equality.This month of celebration will begin with a kick-off event today at City Hall, honoring Chief Justice Roderick L. Ireland.The City of Boston will continue to celebrate Black History Month in February with the following events:Portraits of Purpose: The Next Generation featuring Don WestThursday, February 1 - Wednesday, February 28City Hall Gallery, Boston City HallCarter G. Woodson Basketball TournamentSaturday, February 17 - 9:45 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.BCYF Recreation Center at Madison Park,55 Malcolm X Blvd., RoxburyTogether We Rise with the Elderly CommissionThursday, February 22 - 11:00 a.m. to 2:30 p.m.Russell Auditorium,70 Talbot Ave., DorchesterThe Fashionscape of BostonThursday, February 22 - 7:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m.Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building,2300 Washington St., RoxburyDream Chasers - One Mic Many VoicesTuesday, February 27 - 4:30 p.m. to 7:00 p.m.Tobin Community Center,1481 Tremont St., RoxburyCrossingIn addition, last month Mayor Walsh, in partnership with the Mayor's Office of Diversity Arts and Culture Boston Public Schools and media partner Boston25, announced an open call for student artists to submit artwork inspired by landmarks related to Black history in Boston, in honor of Black History Month. More information isavailable on boston.gov.
Deadline extended to Wednesday, February 21!Do you make music? Are you a poet? Do you express yourself through dance or theater? What places in Boston come to mind when you think about black history? Where do you go for inspiration?From February 1 through February 21, we want you to visit one or more places related to Bostons black history and submit artwork inspired by them. You can scan our list of suggested sites below, or introduce new sites you think matter to Bostons Black community.Complete our online application
"As part of Boston's efforts to end chronic and veteran homelessness,on Wednesdaynight Mayor Martin J. Walsh led a group of 300 volunteers, including City of Boston cabinet and department heads, State officials, homeless service providers, and community, civic and faith leaders in the City of Boston's 38th annual Homeless Census. This yearly count of individuals living on the street is part of a larger census of homeless adults and families in emergency shelters, transitional housing, and domestic violence programs.In 2017, Boston wasidentifiedby the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) as the city with the lowest percentage of unsheltered people living on the street of any city conducting a census. In 2017, only three percent of Boston's homeless population was sleeping on the street.The annual homeless census is required by HUD as a key component of Boston's $26 million funding grant.""The Annual Homeless Census helps us understand the needs of people in our neighborhoods and the scope of homelessness in our City,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""But it's about much more than that. It's a Boston tradition. It's about the spirit of community. It's about the values we share, as a city that looks out for one another as neighbors. Every single person deserves security, dignity, and hope. Every single person deserves a place to call home.""Census volunteers canvassed 45 areas covering every city neighborhood, Logan Airport, and the transit and parks systems, identifying those sleeping on the street and conducting a short survey. The resulting surveys are closely analyzed to ensure accuracy, and are crosschecked and combined with the results of the simultaneous shelter count that occurs on the same night. In 2017, data was analyzed from 48 programs that serve homeless individuals and 24 programs that serve families.Results of the homeless census form the basis forBoston's Way Home, the City's plan to end veteran and chronic homelessness. The plan, launched in 2015, has dramatically shifted the way Boston delivers services to people experiencing homelessness. The new plan putshousing first, while increasing resources devoted to housing people experiencing homelessness and deploying new technologies to match them with housing and services.For the first time ever, this year's homelessness census engaged Boston's Way Home's Consumer Advisory Council and Youth Action Board. These two boards were convened to offer the City and its partners the critical perspective of those who have experienced homelessness as the City continues to implement its plans to end veteran and chronic homelessness.The Consumer Advisory Council, known as BACHome, is made up of 13 people who have committed to sharing their insight with City officials all members of the board have experienced sustained homelessness in the City of Boston. The Board meets every two weeks, with regular meetings attended by representatives from the City of Boston. Approximately one half of the council is currently unhoused, while one quarter is newly housed. Another quarter of the members are more deeply settled into permanent housing.""I see membership on the Council of BACHome as an opportunity to make a change for the better and to do what we can,"" said Council member Mark St. John. ""We can reduce homelessness in Boston, and make the systems that support homeless people more efficient and compassionate. I feel that I make a difference by being on BACHome -- it is an honor. Everything we discuss is positive and it helps us move in the right direction.""Members of the Council served as greeters at the homeless census and joined several of the teams that went on the census, while artwork created by Youth Action Board members was on display at City Hall where volunteers gathered. The City's Youth Action Board was convened to offer the City the unique perspective of youth and young adults who have experienced homelessness, as the City embarks on its work to end youth and young adult homelessness. While a number of City and State agencies and community organizations work with youth and young adults who experience homelessness in Boston, these services, interventions and resources are often not designed for the unique developmental needs of youth and young adults. In October, the City announced that it will be gathering data on youth who experience homelessness in Boston, understanding the current system's capacity, identifying the unmet needs of youth and young adults, and designing a plan to address gaps in emergency assistance system.In addition, since the launch of Boston's Way Home:Boston has ended chronic veteran homelessness. At the time that Mayor Walsh launched his plan to end veteran homelessness, there were 414 homeless veterans in Boston. Since then, 876 homeless veterans -- more than twice that number -- have been housed.Since the launch of the plan,443chronically homeless individuals have been housed. This represents more than 3,000 combined years of homelessness ended.In his 2018 inaugural address, Mayor Walsh announced the launch of theBoston's Way Home Fundin partnership with Pine Street Inn and Bank of America. The Fund aims to support the creation of 200 new units of permanent supportive housing. To date, the City has increased the amount of permanent supportive housing targeted for chronically homeless individuals by 100 units and vouchers since January 2016.City investments in homelessness have increased by more than $1 million annually for Front Door Triage and Rapid Rehousing, programs that begin to connect homeless individuals to housing and services as soon as they enter shelter.Boston has piloted the concept of housing surges. These events bring a vast array of resources under one roof, in order to connect homeless individuals with housing and services. Housing surges not only provide information, but also enroll individuals in supportive service programs and make housing offers on-site. Attendees may leave with an address and support services the very same day. To date, the city has hosted eight surges, through which 225 people have been housed.In July 2016, working with the State, the City began hosting housing surges for elders that offered housing and integrated care together for the first time. More than 135 chronically homeless elders have attended these surges to date nearly all of these elders have been linked with housing and services.Learn more aboutBoston's Way Homehere, andwatch their newest video here."
WilhelminaMarguerita Crosson, one of Bostons first African American teachers, created the Citys first remedial reading program and advocated for black history education.Wilhelmina and her family moved to Boston in 1906. She attended the Hyde School, Girls High School, and the Boston Teachers College. After finishing at the Teachers College, she began working for Boston Public Schools. You can see Wilhelmina's name in the graduate list from Girls' High School below.In 1920,Wilhelminataught remedial reading to the children of Italian immigrants in the Hancock District. Her experiences teaching remedial reading classesspurred her to create the Citys first remedial reading program in 1935.Wilhelmina also believed in the importance of teaching black history in the countrys schools. In 1925, she founded the Aristo Club of Boston. The Aristo Club was an organization of professional black women who promoted the study of black history and provided scholarships to black students. The Aristo Club successfully campaigned for the Boston Public School System to start celebrating, Negro History Week. Below, you can see Wilhelmina's teaching record from the Boston Public School System. Her teaching record documents her education as well as all of her teaching assignments in the Boston Public School System.Wilhelmina continued to teach even after she retired in 1966. In 1968, shefounded a training program for Peace Corp volunteers. She also spent much of her retirement volunteering at homeless shelters and acting as a tutor.As you celebrate Black History Month this year, remember Wilhelminas efforts to institute black history education in our public schools!
On a recent Saturday, fresh from an hour of fun in the pool with the BCYF Camp Joy Winter Program, sixteen-year-old David sat down on a couch in the teen center. He has been coming to Camp Joys summer and winter programs for many years. He introduces himself as David Gonzalez, Jr. but hed prefer to be called Peter Parker, the real name of Spider-Man, because he is very into superheroes. His love for them began with the Powerpuff Girls, a childrens cartoon, when he was younger, and has since grown to encompass most if not all superheroes. But his favorite by far is Spider-Man.Davids mom, Tomeka, when asked to tell how she felt about Camp Joy, enthusiastically said We love Camp Joy! She went on to share that when David began attending Camp Joy he was non-verbal. She said the staff were welcoming, professional, and wonderful with David. Tomeka wishes there were more programs like Camp Joy out there for families. She really enjoys the free time on Saturdays to get things done knowing that David is having fun and being well cared for. She feels the biggest direct benefit for her is the support from all the Camp Joy staff and the knowledge that there is a team supporting David and helping him learn and grow.So, whats next for David? Well, hes excited for the upcoming Camp Joy field trip to the movies. He makes sure the staff knows he likes popcorn and Pepsi, no ice, as his snack. Long term, David would like to finish school, maybe move to New York City and start his own company. Hed like to call it Parker Industries.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department will be bringing the annual Childrens Winter Festival to Boston Common in partnership with the Highland Street Foundation during school vacation week on Wednesday, February 21, from 10 a.m. to 3 p.m.The Childrens Winter Festival on Boston Common is a well-loved tradition in Boston, and we are pleased to bring it back again in 2018, said Mayor Walsh. We invite all children and families to come on down to the festival for a day filled with fun activities.Among the attractions will the 45-foot-long Toboggan Tunnel mountainous adventure with twin roller lanes, the 30-foot-high inflatable Everest Climb N Slide, and the Snow Mazing maze. In addition, the Highland Street Foundation is sponsoring a week-long Winter Camp at the Boston Common Frog Pond with free skating and rentals for all ages from Monday, February 19, through Friday, February 23. For more information on the Winter Camp skating, please visit www.highlandstreet.org.The festival will also feature a DJ from Magic 106.7, an appearance by the L.L.Bean Bootmobile with their popular Boot Toss game, giveaways from DreamWorks Animation Trolls: The Beat Goes On! now airing on Netflix, and refreshments from Sparkling Ice beverages and Power Crunch protein energy bars. In addition, the Appalachian Mountain Clubs Outdoors Rx program will present activities including scavenger hunts and nature walks.Additional support is being provided by the Floating Hospital for Children at Tufts Medical Center and Cricket Wireless. For more information, please call the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at 617-635-4505, visit our website, or our Facebook page.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with the Boston Cultural Council and the Mass Cultural Council, today announced the selection of 181 Boston arts organizations and projects that will receive 2018 Boston Cultural Council organizational grants, totaling $472,955.Organizations applied for the funding through a competitive process, and projects were selected based on their potential to enhance the quality of life, and the economy and design of the City of Boston, in addition to advancing the goals of the Boston Creates Cultural Plan.This is an exciting time for the City of Boston because we are investing in organizations and projects that have the potential to enhance Boston's arts and culture community, said Mayor Walsh. Im looking forward to seeing how these organizations use art to unite, lift up and inspire Bostons communities.The City of Boston contributed $300,000 in funding and Mass Cultural Council contributed over $170,000 to the Boston Cultural Council (BCC).The selected organizations represent an array of disciplines, including visual arts, theater, film, music, dance, and the humanities. For a complete list of grantees, click here.On behalf of Boston City Singers, we are honored to receive continued funding from the Boston Cultural Council to support our music and youth development training programs, said Melissa J. Graham, Managing Director of Boston City Singers. These funds will have a significant impact on our ability to serve under-resourced children from Boston's most challenging neighborhoods.""The BCC received 208 applications for this year's grant program. Applicants were required to show how they plan to help grow access to the arts in underserved areas lacking cultural opportunities, elevate the work of Boston's creatives, inspire the creation of new works, and support the achievement and provision of excellent, high quality arts and culture in the City of Boston.Financial support from the BCC allows us to both help local writers and reach local readers, said Carissa Halston, Co-founder of Aforementioned Productions. We can host more live events, which is where we've met so many of our contributors, and continue to develop our catalog by taking risks on authors who take risks on the page and the stage.We are grateful for the support this grant provides for our in-school, after-school, free ticket access, and award-winning teen summer employment programs which reach thousands of people each year, said Sue Dahling Sullivan, Chief Strategic Officer of the Boch Center. Combined with the leadership support they have shown for ArtWeek, an innovative spring festival that is now expanding statewide, we applaud both the City of Boston and the Boston Cultural Council as committed champions for our creative community.This year, grants were categorized based on budget size, with general operating support for those with an annual budget under $1 million and project-specific grants for organizations with annual budgets over $1 million. The BCC is also participating in a pilot payment program with the Mass Cultural Council this year, through which grantees will receive their payment upfront instead of through reimbursements.The Boston Creates planning process led us to realize the disparity of arts opportunities across the various neighborhoods of Boston, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. By investing in arts organizations across the City, were a partner in their success and were helping to expand access to arts opportunities in every community."
"The BCYF Menino Community Center held a Robotics Showcase this winter. The goal was to give youth participating in their robotics program a chance to:It was also an opportunity for their families and friends to get a better understanding of robotics and how the skills gained (imaginative thinking, problem solving, team-building) are of value to their children. More than 50 people packed into the small community room at the center to see what it's all about. Those who came were able to engage in hands-on, fun robotics activities. Sarah, age 12, said she, was ""inspired"" when she built the legs on the robot. Sarah told us, ""that was awesome and fun.""Angel, age 15, added the robotics program is cool, even though I had some difficulties at first.The program mostly usesFIRST Lego Leaguerobotics equipment and curriculum. This years theme was Hydro Dynamics. You can learn more about the Hydro Dynamics theme by watching this YouTubevideo. The robotics program is sponsored and mentored by two robotics teams, the Brainstormers and the Robot Revolution from Lexington, and their coaches Drs. Patricia and John Nguyen. BCYF Menino Robotics instructor, Donna Parker, the creative and hardworking force behind the program, is thankful to have the volunteers and credits them with helping get the program to the level it is at today."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Nonni Roz, LLCto demolish the single-family residence located at 194 Havre Street in East Boston,MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 8, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Public Librarys February literary events include a romance genre panel, the second Lowell Lecture Series talk focusing on the civil rights movement and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr, a visit from New England Patriots player Malcolm Mitchell, and author talks at the Central Library, Grove Hall, Jamaica Plain, and South End branches. All programs and events can be viewed via www.bpl.org/calendar.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
The stuff in our lives is full of untapped potential. A T-shirt one day can be turned into a quilt patch the next. An old desk can be fashioned into a bookcase. Weve all tried at least one Do-It-Yourself (or DIY) project.By finding creative second uses for our things, we model zero waste and the circular economy in a small way. As we introducedin our first blog, the common sense idea behind zero waste is that most of the stuff we use can provide continued value long after we're done with it.Whats the circular economy?The circular economy takes the material that we cant easily reshape or modify in our garages at home and turns it into new products. Materials like paper, glass, plastic, metal, and wood are reused on the other end of the recycle bin to make another product, closing the circle of stuff by recovering them for their next use.One of the biggest benefits of recycling material is that all the energy, carbon emissions, and waste that are created by extracting the raw materials to make something from scratch are avoided.What does the circular economy look like?For example, some appliance companies take back old refrigerator units and use the metals in them to make new ones. Shoe companies are also getting into the game by starting to design and make shoes directly from plastic and rubber waste. And this only scratches the surface of the possibilities!Heres another good example of the circular economy in action. One computer manufacturer takes back old units through a dedicated takeback program and working partnership with thrift stores.First, the plastics from these used products is separated by type and shipped out to different computer parts manufacturers in their global supply chain. When they arrive, they are melted, blended together, and molded into new parts for computers. This whole process takes about six months and is better for both their bottom line and the environment.It may be helpful to think about zero waste and the circular economy as two sides of the same coin. While zero waste tends to focus on what we use and throw out (consumption), the circular economy is a way we describe the innovative actions of companies and industries that take those discarded materials and make them useful again (remanufacturing). Both encourage us to look at the whole picture when we are making, buying, and discarding the things we use in our lives.How does the circular economy fit with Zero Waste Boston?TheZero Waste Bostoninitiative is looking at the actions and strategies that will move the city towards zero waste. The circular economy is a part of that shift. As we reconsider our relationship with the materials we use, this opens up a space for innovation. Individuals and businesses find new ways to use and remake things, turning what was once deemed waste into valuable resources.What you can do now to reduce your waste?Do your part byrecyclingregularly and composting if you can at one of ourProject Oscar pickups. Aluminum and other metals are especially important to recycle since they are costly to make again from scratch. Check to make sure that you are recycling correctly byfollowing our list. And consider whether a product is made from recycled materials next time you are at the store.Together, we can move towards zero waste in Boston.This post is part of the Zero Waste Boston initiative. If youd like to follow along as we discuss the ins and outs of going zero waste, you can subscribe to our general email listhere. If you would like to receive periodic updates about the more technical side of the municipal waste management planning process,sign up here.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Martin Keogh with Gate of Heaven Parishto demolish the parish school buildinglocated at 609 E. Fourth Street in South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 8, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
The hack-a-thon aims to inspire young female and non-binary individuals to join, grow, learn, and be empowered within the technology industry. Were pumped  an event like this is right up our alley. Why?Because we need amazing individuals in government technology. We want to blast away preconceived notions of what a digital team in the government might look like, and might do. By finding this blog post, you already have more knowledge than most  you know we exist as a team.Well be talking about why were all working for local government and how that affects our daily lives. Well also be showcasing some examples of how our team of product managers, engineers, designers, and content strategists are making a difference. We hope to provide some relevant, real-world examples for aspiring coders to join us.
President Donald Trump's administration announced plans to eliminate Temporary Protected Status (TPS), an immigration policy that allowed hundreds of thousands of people from Haiti, El Salvador, Nicaragua and Honduras to come to the United States. Many of the program's beneficiaries who have come here and have started lives and families are being forced to leave.Advocates from Centro Presente, an organization focused on immigrant rights, worker rights, and civic engagement, gathered at City Hall alongside the City Council, the Mayor and other elected officials to protest the Trump administration's termination of TPS for immigrants from El Salvador, the most recent group to have their status terminated.Councilor Zakim mentioned working with Centro Presente when he first took office in 2014 to talk about the Boston Trust Act and try to make sure people - no matter where they came from - felt safe in our City. He said, Since President Trump took office he continues to create policies based on nothing but cruelty, nothing but discrimination, divisiveness  attacks on our communities here in Boston and across the country. The non-renewal of TPS is unacceptable.According to an article on Mass Live, Temporary Protected Status has benefitted Salvadorans more than any other group. In Massachusetts, there are roughly 12,000 TPS recipients and 6,000 Salvadorans. Boston is home to 2,000 of those Salvadorans. Many live in East Boston, a neighborhood that has historically been home to immigrant populations.East Boston Councilor Edwards had a message for the Citys recipients of TPS saying, As politicians we are all called to serve, serve you especially, serve the the folks who need our voice. I wanted to make sure that you understand that not only am I here, but all of my colleagues are here to serve you. Call our offices, comes to us. We are standing united with you in total solidarity.Last year, the Council voted to support TPS and urge Congress to reconsider the policy change.
Hearing orders on matters including Boston Police Departments Body-Worn Camera Program, the Right of Free Petition, and Grade Configurations in Boston Public Schools are matters the Council hopes to take further action on this year.New matters were also introduced, including Speculation in the Boston Housing Market, Regulation of the Taxi Industry, Transportation Network Companies and Self-Driving Vehicles, and Plans to Reconstruct the Long Island Bridge and Reopen Service Facilities.Councilor Edwards introduced her first matter before the Council, regarding housing speculation, stating that Boston is facing a housing crisis and a wealth gap directly related to peoples ability to own a home. She made several new suggestions on how we can address this issue, including taxing the flipping of residential properties into luxury condos or apartments. The matter was assigned to the Committee on Housing & Community Development.Councilor Baker introduced a hearing order to look at how self-driving cars will impact Bostons taxi and ride-sharing services. He stated that the purpose of this hearing order is to learn more about the Citys autonomous vehicle regulations, but most importantly, focus on how this could possibly affect Bostons workforce. The matter was jointly assigned to the Committee on Planning, Development & Transportation and the Committee on Jobs, Wages & Workforce Development.To see other Motions, Orders and Resolutions from this weeks meeting, click here.
One notable change made was regarding public testimony procedures. In previous years, public testimony was taken at the end of Council hearings, following the main discussion between Councilors and panelists. Following some large hearings in 2017 constituents voiced concerns of not feeling heard or being able to testify after lengthy hearings that would sometimes last three hours or more.In an effort to address these concerns and increase public participation in hearings, the amended rule requires that the Chair of a Committee allow some testimony from the public, in the order in which they sign in, at the beginning, middle and end of a hearing that is expected to last three hours or more. It will be at the discretion of the Chair to determine the appropriate time and how many individuals may testify at the beginning and during the hearing, with the remaining individuals being allowed to testify at the end of the hearing.President Campbell said, I think we all heard concerns from the public that people often come and attend our hearings and when they last three, four, five, six or seven hours long they get frustrated that they have to wait until the very end of the hearing to offer public testimony. This rule will change that.Another rule change was in regard to Committee names and the addition of new Committees.The Special Committees on Civil Rights and the Community Preservation Act are now Standing Committees.The word military was added to the Committee on City, Neighborhood Services and Veterans Affairs, now making it City, Neighborhood Services and Veterans & Military Affairs. Councilor Flynn, who is the Chair of the Committee, said the addition of the word military allows the committee to expand its focus to include active members of the military and their families, in addition to veterans.Parks was added to the Committee on Environment and Sustainability, now making it Environment, Sustainability and Parks. The Planning and Development Committee will now be Planning, Development and Transportation.The City can also look forward to matters coming from two new Committees: Census and Redistricting and Small Business and Consumer Affairs.For more information on Committees, the Chair and their members, click here.
"Councilor Edwards (District 1) was raised all over the world by her military mom, but chose East Boston to build her home and raise a family. Her ""game changing"" leadership was recently highlighted by the Boston Globe, who lauded her work as deputy director within the Mayor's Office of Housing Stability. She was responsible for developing and delivering innovative solutions to fight displacement and brought together all stakeholders: landlords, management companies, housing authorities, and tenants.Edwards also previously worked as a public interest attorney with Greater Boston Legal Services, focusing on labor issues such as fighting for access to unemployment insurance and back wages, fair treatment for domestic workers, and combating human trafficking. She served as the statewide campaign coordinator for the Massachusetts Coalition for Domestic Workers, which advocated for the passage of the Domestic Workers Bill of Rights. In 2015, she was named Bostonian of the Year by the Boston Globe.Councilor Flynn (District 2) is a lifelong resident of District 2, where he has been deeply involved as a community activist, veterans advocate, and youth sports coach. Before taking his seat as City Councilor he was a Probation Officer at Suffolk Superior Court.Flynn served for 25 years in the U.S. Navy, both on active duty and in the reserves. He served two deployments in the Persian Gulf, is a Veteran of Operation ENDURING FREEDOM, and helped coordinate disaster relief in Haiti. He is currently retired from the U.S. Navy. Flynn also served for five years in the United States Department of Labor under President Bill Clinton, where he worked to improve labor conditions, expand access to affordable health care, and increase the federal minimum wage.Councilor Janey (District 7) has been a tireless advocate and a voice for Bostons children for more than 20 years. Prior to being elected to the City Council, Janey was a Senior Project Director at Massachusetts Advocates for Children, where she led efforts to advocate for systemic policy reforms that would ensure equity and excellence in education for students in Boston Public Schools, with a special focus on eliminating opportunity and achievement gaps for children of color, immigrant children, students who are learning English, children with special needs, and those living in poverty.While many know Janey for her work in education policy, she is also very active on a number of boards and civic organizations. In 2009, Janey founded a neighborhood association in Roxbury and served as its president for the first four years. She is a member of the Massachusetts Womens Political Caucus and the Boston Ward 12 Democratic Committee. In November 2016, she was elected to the Boston NAACP Executive Committee and she has served on MassVOTEs board of directors for more than 10 years. Janey has been recognized for her service with a number of awards, including the Boston NAACP Difference Maker Award in 2015 and the coveted Sapphire Award in 2017.We are looking forward to the different topics and legislation that these Councilors will bring before the Body. For more information regarding them and other members of the the Council, click here."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that in recognition of Boston's commitment to the use of data and analytics to improve residents' quality of life, Boston has achieved a ""Silver"" Certification from Bloomberg Philanthropies' ""What Works Cities."" Boston was one of only nine cities to receive certification among the more than 200 who applied, making Boston a national leader in the use of evidence and analytics to increase government effectiveness. Mayor Walsh and Boston received this certification during the 86th Winter Meeting of the United States Conference of Mayors (USCM) in Washington, D.C.""In Boston, we work every day to ensure our residents receive the best, most helpful City services -- and by using data and analytics, we're able to most effectively deliver these services,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Boston is guided by big ideas and hard work, and I'm proud our City has been recognized nationally for our work to improve residents' lives, whether our help is as simple as making it easier to get a moving permit, or as meaningful as ending chronic veterans' homelessness."" Boston was selected in March 2016 as one of Bloomberg Philanthropies' ""What Works Cities,"" and then applied to the Certification program when it launched in March 2017.""We are honored to be working with Mayor Martin Walsh and the City of Boston, which well deserves Certification for its achievements,"" said Simone Brody, Executive Director of What Works Cities. ""Boston's work with data and analytics is inculcated throughout city government, where programs and policies are focused on improving residents' lives as a regular part of governing.""Ongoing technical assistance from What Works Cities and their partners, including theGovernment Performance Lab, helped Boston attain Certification by adopting contracting and procurement best practices across several departments:The Hubway bike share system is expanding by 50 percent without spending additional public dollars, while also improving user experience and increasing access to the bike share system for low-income and minority communitiesThe City is committed to creating equal opportunities for businesses of all kinds in Boston, including launch of aSmall Business CenterThe $6 million spent each year through asphalt resurfacing contracts is now tied to performance through increased data-sharing and performance-based payments, the City will make sure work is done on time, safely, with minimal disruption to residents, and using high-quality materials. The Public Works Department is now expanding this results-driven contracting approach to all capital programs.Boston's silver Certification also recognizes other work underway across the City, including:Ending chronic homelessnessby 2018 with innovative new software for Boston's Way HomeWorking to create53,000 new units of housingat a variety of income levels, to ensure growth and prosperity in every corner of BostonLaunchingAnalyze Bostonto create more transparency around City dataUsing data for everything from improving EMS response times to tackling double-parkingMaking data-driven investments through theFiscal Year 2018 budgetTesting different communication methods in order to increase resident engagement through:Targeted emails to new residents about information like parking permits, voter registration, and trash day, resulting in two times the typical level of engagementEvaluated different approaches to social media posts, including a ""Now Hiring"" campaignthat resulted in a 77 percent jump in traffic to the Career Center website.The Certification process also provides Boston with a blueprint for ongoing improvement. Through ""What Works Cities,"" Boston will share insights with a community of peers, helping cities lead the way on big challenges ranging from equity to climate change.This certification builds onImagine Boston 2030, Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years. Imagine Boston 2030 will guide growth to support Boston's dynamic economy and expand opportunity for all residents. The plan prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the City. Shaped by the input of 15,000 residents who contributed their thoughts to the plan, Imagine Boston 2030 identifies five action areas to guide Boston's growth, enhancement and preservation, and is paired with a set of metrics that will evaluate progress and successes.In addition to Imagine Boston, the Walsh Administration also launchedCityScorein 2016, a metrics driven program and first-of-its kind tool created by the City of Boston to provide Mayor Walsh, city staff and residents a way to understand the overall health of Boston by scoring the city's performance on individual metrics and delivering a single, indicative number to see how operations are going on a day-to-day basis. CityScore continues to provide real-time data on how city services are operating, and has lead to increased investments and improved services, including improving EMS response times."
"BOSFoodLove, a partnership between BPS's Food and Nutrition Services and the Mayor's Office of Food Access, will work to ensure each and every child receives healthy and delicious meals to fuel their school performance and success. Boston received this 2018 Childhood Obesity Prevention Grant award from the United States Conference of Mayors (USCM), in partnership with the American Beverage Foundation for a Healthy America, during USCM's 86th Winter Meeting in Washington, D.C.""Mayors across the country are leading the way to make sure our students and families have access to fresh, healthy food,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This grant will continue to support Boston's work to improve access to fresh fruits and vegetables through school meals. Choices at our schools need to work for all families and all students, many of whom depend on school meals. I'm proud that with this grant, we will continue to create happy, successful students, while listening to the needs of our communities.""BOSFoodLove will improve access to fresh fruits and vegetables among BPS students through increased participation in and consumption of school meals. Emphasis on student and parent engagement, to solicit input into the school food programs, will ensure that all BPS students have access to free, healthy food that meets their dietary needs and preferences and supports their ability to perform well in school.The goal of this program is to make all students feel as though school meals are a good option for them. In addition to students benefiting from enjoyable, healthy meals at school, families facing food insecurity will benefit from BOSFoodLove, as it will reduce their burden to provide healthy meals for their children.Nearly three quarters of BPS students live at or below the poverty line, and only 39 percent participate in school breakfast, while 65 percent participate in school lunch. For children who attend Boston Public Schools, all breakfasts and lunches are free, regardless of family income.""America's beverage companies believe in the power of partnerships and the positive impact they can have on communities. The American Beverage Foundation for a Healthy America is proud to partner with the U.S. Conference of Mayors to support the great work of mayors like Mayor Walsh who are proactively tackling childhood obesity in creative ways,"" said Susan Neely, president of the American Beverage Foundation for a Healthy America Board of Directors and president and CEO of the American Beverage Association. ""BOSFoodLove is an excellent example of an innovative program that inspires and encourages young people to maintain a balanced diet so they can reach their full potential. Working together, government and industry can bring about lasting change not just to Boston but to communities across the nation.""This grant builds off of Mayor Walsh's ongoing work to create welcoming, engaging food options for students throughout Boston. Last summer, the Mayor's Office of Food Access, BPS and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics piloted ""Lunch on the Lawn,"" which served students breakfast and lunch at sites throughout the City during the summer months at no cost. The Mayor's Office of Food Accessalso piloted ""Books and Bites"" summer meals at Boston Public Libraries with Project Bread, and served over 3,000 meals at the Mattapan Public Library. During Mayor Walsh's inauguration address at the beginning of this year, he pledged to increase the scale of BPS's fresh food ""Hub and Spoke"" pilot program, which includes renovating school kitchen facilities as part ofBuildBPS, Boston's $1 billion plan to upgrade schools across the district."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh was today appointed Housing Chair for the United States Conference of Mayors Community Development and Housing Committee. In his role as Chair, Mayor Walsh will lead the Conference's work on housing, and work with mayors across the country to tackle housing and community development challenges. Mayor Walsh was appointed chair during the 86th Winter Meeting of the United States Conference of Mayors (USCM) in Washington, D.C.""Housing is a key fundamental to my goal in Boston, and our goal as a nation: to create and sustain a strong middle class,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to sharing the successes of Boston's hard work with my fellow cities, and look forward to learning even more from my fellow mayors about what housing strategies have worked in their cities."" Additional leadership members of the committee include Mayor Jorge O. Elorza, Providence, RI, Vice Chair Mayor Ed Pawlowski, Allentown, PA, Vice Chair and Mayor John Giles, Mesa, AZ, Vice Chair for Workforce Housing.""With cities like Boston and Seattle facing many shared challenges as we work to make more affordable housing available and help our neighbors experiencing homelessness move toward permanent housing, I look forward to collaborating with Mayor Walsh in his role as Chair of the Housing and Community Development Committee to help make our cities more affordable, inclusive, and vibrant places to live,"" said Seattle Mayor Jenny A. Durkan.The Walsh Administration has been a leader in ambitious and innovative work to build, sustain, and promote affordable housing for its Boston residents. Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030 is the Walsh Administration's comprehensive housing plan. Under this plan, Boston will create 53,000 new units of housing at a variety of income levels throughout Boston, including 44,000 units of housing for the workforce 5,000 units of housing for senior citizens and 4,000 units to stabilize the market and bring rents and housing prices under control. During his second inaugural address earlier this month, Mayor Walsh also pledged to increase Boston's targets for low-income homes, moderate-income homes, senior housing, and overall units.Since the 2014 implementation of Housing a Changing City, 13,551 new units of housing have been completed. With an additional 8,412 units currently under construction, the City has secured housing for an estimated 25,000 residents, making significant progress in meeting Boston's rapid population growth. The City remains on target to meet the production goals. To date, the Walsh Administration has committed more than $100 million in funding to the creation and preservation of affordable housing.As part of the Administration's work to stabilize housing in the City of Boston, it has taken an innovative approach to addressing housing: Mayor Walsh launched both the Office of Housing Stability, responsible for programs that assist Boston residents in a housing crisis -- whether due to eviction, landlord-tenant disputes, rent escalations, unplanned loss of housing, or any other rental housing emergency -- as well as the Housing Innovation Lab, which pioneers ideas to bring down the cost to build, buy and own homes in the City of Boston.The Office of Housing Stability develops programs like Boston's tenants' rights guide, which works to prevent displacement. The Housing Lab pilots programs like Boston's Intergenerational Homeshare Pilot, which matches older residents who have a spare bedroom with students seeking an affordable place to stay.Earlier this week, Mayor Walsh also filed a citywide ordinance establishing guidelines and regulations to better track and regulate short-term rentals in the City of Boston. The new regulations put forth in the ordinance aim to capture the growth of Boston's growing home-share industry, while including deterrents to help prevent operators from monopolizing Boston's housing market with short-term rentals. The overall goal of the ordinance is to responsibly incorporate the growth of the home-share industry into Boston's work to create affordable housing for all.In addition to Boston's work to build and maintain housing, Mayor Walsh has also pledged to end chronic homelessness in the City of Boston. Boston has already ended chronic veterans homelessness in Boston. As of October 31, 2017, 413 chronically homeless individuals have been housed in the City of Boston. Boston's Way Home, the City's action plan to end chronic homelessness, focuses on a housing-first model. Rather than counting on shelter as the solution to the issue, the housing-first model means an individual's entrance into the shelter system is also their entrance to a path toward permanent, stable housing.In his 2018 inauguration speech, Mayor Walsh also announced the launch of Boston's Way Home Fund, which will raise $10 million over the course of four years. These privately-raised funds will be used to create 200 new units of supportive, sustainable, long-term housing for chronically homeless men and women."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Brian Anderson to demolish the three-family residencelocated at 216 Havre Street in East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 1, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Bostons schools taught many different types of penmanship in the 18th and 19th century. For example, in 1897, Bostons School Committee recorded that students across the City were learning the Natural System of Vertical Writing, Merills Vertical Penmanship, and ""Spencerian Penmanship.In 1908, the School Committee decided that penmanship classes should be standardized across the district. The committee experimentally implemented the Palmer Method of Business Writing at all East Boston Schools. The experiment was a success. By 1911, all schools in the City taught the Palmer Method.As you can see in this article published by the Christian Science Monitor, the Palmer Method was thought to be muscular. Teachers taught students to write using the muscles in their arms instead of the muscles in their fingers. Students strengthened their muscles and practiced forming uniform letters by doing exercises like the ones below.The Palmer method was extremely strict. Teachers not only expected students to produce uniform handwriting, but also expected that the students would hold their arms and fingers in exactly the same way. This posed a particular problem for left-handed students. Teachers typically forced all students to write with their right hand.In 1918, a mother wrote the above letter to the School Committee. She complained that a teacher kept her fourth grade daughter after school and forced her to write with her left hand. She received no sympathy from the committee.Rather, the assistant superintendent of schools wrote to her, and stated it is highly desirable that left-handed writers should be made right-handed. He instructed the mother to further the teachers efforts, as from long experience, I am convinced that left-handed penmen are at a disadvantage.The Palmer Method was used through the 1950s and in some places, into the 1980s. Did any of youlearn the Palmer Method?"
Building on his commitment to support those in recovery and those suffering from substance use disorders in Boston and across the country, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that he is exploring mass tort litigation against several pharmaceutical companies that irresponsibly saturated the market with opiates, knowingly putting consumers at risk for addiction.To formally start this process, Mayor Walsh will be issuing a Request for Information (RFI) onMonday, February 5seeking information from law firms, researchers and other interested parties that would inform the city's approach to potential opioid litigation. Over the past few months, the City of Boston has been meeting with various law firms and collecting relevant information in preparation for potential litigation.Having been in recovery for over 20 years, Mayor Walsh understands firsthand how easily addiction can take hold and how difficult it can be to recover. In his first term, Mayor Walsh made expanding access to recovery services in Boston a priority by creating the Office of Recovery Services to study substance use in Boston and lead the city's strategy around substance use disorders, addiction and recovery. This is the first and only municipal recovery office in the nation.In addition, Mayor Walsh mandated the life-saving medication naloxone (Narcan) be carried in every public safety vehicle in the city in his first two weeks in office and launched a new 24/7 hotline through 311 to help people struggling with addiction access all levels of recovery services.Continuing these efforts into his second term, Mayor Walsh announced in his inaugural speech earlier this month that his Administration will rebuild the Long Island Bridge and invest in a comprehensive, long-term recovery facility on Long Island. These new services will offer a continuum of care, from harm reduction, to detox, to residential treatment, to transitional housing and ongoing peer support, and equip people with the opportunity to rebuild a life.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that today he will file a citywide ordinance establishing guidelines and regulations to better track and regulate short-term rentals in the City of Boston. As a new global industry that has a strong presence in Boston, short-term rentals provide both economic opportunities for residents and alternative temporary accommodation options for visitors.The new regulations put forth in the ordinance aim to capture the growth of Boston's growing home-share industry, while including deterrents to help prevent operators from monopolizing Boston's housing market with short-term rentals. In addition, the regulations provide a standardized framework for regulating these units that both meet the evolving needs of the industry, provide protections for occupants and minimize the impact on surrounding neighbors of these units.""Preserving Boston's affordability is key to keeping our communities stable and ensuring every person and family who wants to live here can afford to do so,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This ordinance is an important step towards our goal of reducing housing costs by creating disincentives to taking units off the market for use as short-term rentals. It also allows for the continued use of short-term rentals in scenarios that are non-disruptive to our neighborhoods and support our tourism industry. Boston is a great place to live and visit, and we look forward to responsibly incorporating the growth of the home-share industry into our work to create affordable housing for all.""In addition to classifying and registering the short-term rental units, the regulations include provisions that restrict the number of nights a unit can be booked per year, and require that each unit register with the City of Boston and pay an annual license fee.The ordinance takes a three-tiered approach to classifying short-term rental units:The regulations also provide protections for the occupants of the short-term rental unit by prohibiting any property with outstanding housing, sanitary, building, fire or zoning-code violations from being listed.To assist with the enforcement of regulations, booking platforms will be required to provide the City with monthly data and information relative to the short-term rental listings that detail the location and occupancy numbers.Today's announcement builds on Mayor Walsh's commitment to addressing the housing demands in Boston. In April 2017, Mayor Walsh signed an executive order that laid out a roadmap for the collection of information on short-term rental units in Boston and directed city agencies to coordinate efforts in addressing the commercialization of short-term rental housing operations in the City of Boston.Data shows that the availability of short-term rental units has a direct correlation to housing costs. A 2016 study by UMass Boston found a 0.4% increase in rent prices due to increases in AirBNB listings, and a nationwide UCLA student also found a 0.42% increase.In addition to rent increases, the commercialization of short-term rentals in residential dwellings and residential neighborhoods has the potential to reduce availability of long-term housing for owners and tenants alike, and is contrary to the Administration's goal of adding 53,000 units of housing across a variety of income levels by 2030.To date, the Walsh Administration has committed more than $100 million in funding to the creation and preservation of affordable housing. Today's announcement builds on the City's preservation and anti-displacement goals, outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, Mayor Walsh's housing plan, and the housing goals laid out inImagine Boston 2030, Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years. As part of both plans, Boston has prioritized increasing the overall housing supply, with a focus on creating and preserving affordable housing.Since the launch of the housing plan, 24,454 new units have been permitted. When complete, these developments will be enough to house 48,600 new residents, and begin to relieve pressure on rents in existing housing. Of these, 4,649 new income-restricted units have been permitted, of which 2,234 are targeted to low income households. There are an additional 4,240 deed-restricted units in the City's development pipeline. In addition to creating new housing, the Walsh Administration is focused on protecting the tenancies of Boston's residents, launching the nation's firstOffice of Housing Stabilityin 2016. In addition, Mayor Walsh has filed ananti-displacement legislative packageat the State House, and strengthened tenants' access to information by creating thecity's first online guide to the eviction process.To view the full ordinance, click here."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from David Waters with Marbury Terrace, LLC, to demolish the commercial structure located at 179 Amory Streetin Jamaica Plain, MA 02130.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on January 26, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"For the fifth year in a row, youth ages 12-25 in Boston have the opportunity to submit ideas for how the City of Boston spends $1 million dollars of its Capital Budget through the ""Youth Lead the Change"" participatory budgeting process. Youth Lead the Change, the first participatory budgeting process in North America by and for young people, is currently collecting ideas from young Bostonians untilWednesday, February 14.""Thanks to the hard work and innovative ideas of Boston's young people, we have been able to complete unique, community-enhancing projects across the city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By involving young people in the budget process, we are empowering our future leaders and supporting what really matters to them."" Over the past four years, thousands of young people have nominated projects for funding. Past projects selected for funding have included expanding Wicked Free WiFi, installing water bottle refilling stations at parks, placing newer trash cans and recycling bins in select neighborhoods, Boston Public Schools renovation projects, new security cameras in Dorchester's Dr. Loesch Family Park, and many more city-wide capital projects.""Youth Lead the Change gives Boston youth the opportunity to play a role in their government,"" saidVikiana Petit-Homme, age 16, Youth Director for Youth Lead the Change.""We are given the unique opportunity to change our surroundings and improve the quality of life of young people across Boston. Every year amazing capital projects are made possible in Boston thanks to YLC.""Youth Lead the Change is managed by Boston Centers for Youth & Families' Division of Youth Engagement & Employment, and the Mayor's Youth Council oversees the process in partnership with youth organizations across Boston. The Mayor's Youth Council is a group of 85 high school-aged youth committed to improving their communities and empowering other young people in Boston.Young Bostonians between the ages of 12-25 who would like to participate in the idea collection phase can submit their ideas atboston.gov/youth-lead-change. Ideas should be simple, bold, innovative, realistic and sustainable ways to improve access and opportunity for young people. Following the voting phase, volunteers will turn the ideas into projects in early spring, and then will set up voting locations for young people to select the final projects.Boston Centers for Youth & Families(BCYF) is the City of Boston's largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, the Mayor's Summer Jobs Program."
"The Metro-Boston public bike share system, Hubway, is now available at a significant discount to low-income families and individuals. ""SNAP Card to Ride"" was launched by the Cities of Boston, Cambridge, Somerville, the Town of Brookline, the Department of Transitional Assistance, and bikeshare operator Motivate.""SNAP Card to Ride"" provides $5 monthly memberships and $50 annual memberships to individuals over the age of 16 with their household EBT card. The membership includes unlimited 60-minute trips, rather than the current 30-minute trips, without additional usage fees.The program is part of an ongoing commitment to improve bike share access among traditionally underserved populations. Residents who do not receive SNAP benefits, but participate in other public assistance programs, will be able to accessthe discounted membership programin the near future.Convenient, easyonline registrationis available for EBT card holders atthehubway.com/SNAP/. After completing registration, members will have access to more than 1,800 bikes at 194 stations across the four municipalities. Members with smartphone access can use the Hubway mobile app to locate and unlock bikes.""During the Go Boston 2030 planning process, Boston residents shared their desire for a more reliable, equitable and accessible transportation system, which includes our increasingly popular bike share system,"" said Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""The City of Boston is pleased to be part of the SNAP Card to Ride partnership, and we look forward increasing the number of stations and bikes in Boston over the next 18 months.""""Hubway has evolved to become an invaluable tool for facilitating active transportation for people that live and work in the greater Boston region,"" said Chair of the Brookline Select Board, Neil Wishinsky. ""We are excited that the SNAP Card to Ride program will make bike share more accessible so everyone has the opportunity to utilize this great resource.""""Cambridge residents, commuters, and visitors benefit from the Hubway system, and this program is an essential way to ensure that every member of our community has access to this great transportation resource,"" said Louis A. DePasquale, Cambridge City Manager. ""We look forward to continuing to work with our municipal partners in promoting cost-effective, sustainable transportation throughout the Metro Boston region.""""Hubway's new low-income membership is a key element of Somerville's affordability strategy,"" saidSomervilleMayor Joseph Curtatone. ""Riding a bicycle can be one of the most cost effective ways to get around an urban environment like Somerville, and I'm proud that in 2018 we will see nine new Hubway stations and two miles of protected, low-stress bike lanes to give more residents a better opportunity to travel throughout Somerville - and beyond - by bike.""""Hubway shows that bike share is fulfilling its promise as a vital part of the Boston area's transportation network -- increasing access to the region's existing transit network as well as communities underserved by public transit,"" said Jay H. Walder, CEO & President of Motivate, operators of Hubway. ""We are eager to continue to help grow a system that has truly served as an inspiration for a whole generation of bike share programs across the nation.""The four municipalities that own Hubway aim to provide further access to the discounted membership program. Building on the long-running reduced-cost membership provided by the City of Boston to its low-income residents, the expanded program will be open to residents of any municipality. In addition, the City of Boston will provide a subsidized program to guests and clients of shelters and transitional homes within the city. Further details about eligibility and income requirements will be announced in spring 2018.Winter riding is available in all four municipalities for the first time this year, following several years of winter operations in the City of Cambridge. Boston, Brookline, Cambridge, and Somerville announced major expansion of the publicly-owned system. Collectively, they will add over 100 new stations in 2018 and 2019, providing over 300 stations and approximately 3000 bicycles for public use.The Hubway system is regional public transportation by bike, owned by the municipalities of Boston, Brookline, Cambridge, and Somerville and operated by Motivate, a national leader in bike share. With more than 190 stations and 1800 bikes, the system has more than 15,000 members across the region. Since launching in July 2011, the riders have taken more than 6.5 million trips. More information about the system, including station locations, can be found atthehubway.com.Go Boston 2030is the City of Boston's long term mobility plan. It envisions a city in a region where all residents have better and more equitable travel choices, where efficient transportation networks foster economic opportunity, and where steps have been taken to prepare for climate change. Whether raveling by transit, on foot, on a bike or by car, people will be able to access all parts of Boston safely and reliably. A list of projects and policies have been developed that are being implemented as early action projects in the near term, and a set of long term projects and policies are intended to be implemented over the next 15 years."
"In 1826, a group of Bostonians, led by a man named Samuel Prince, petitioned the City to provide a high school for girls. Prior to Samuel Prince's petition, girls in Boston were allowed to attend Boston's public grammar schools six months a year,from April to October. They could only attend public schools until they were 14 years old. In contrast, Boston's boys could attend high schools after age 14, provided that they passed qualifying examinations. Someof Boston's families sent their daughters to private schools, where girls could remain in school past the age of 14. Private schools, however, cost money, and many families could not afford to send their daughters to private school.Boston's Committee on Public Instruction decided to conduct an experiment. They would open a high school for Boston's girls on a trial basis.On February 22, 1826, Boston held an examination for girls ages 11-15 who wishedto attend the high school. They expected that a little more than 100 girls would pass the exam,so they planned to provide 130 seats for female pupils. To their surprise, 286 girls passed the exam. Because of a lack of space, theCommittee was forced to deny admission to girls under the age of 12.Classes started smoothly. After a few months, the high school reported that its pupils were doing so well and were so enthusiastic, that they expected fewif any dropouts.Furthermore, Boston had enough qualified female candidates for the high schoolthat the school would need 427 seats the following year.This trend continued into 1827. By1828, the school was so successful and Boston's girls were so interested in attending, that they needed seats for 800-1200 students.Part of the reason that the high school's numbers increased exponentially was that Boston's girls were more likely to complete high schoolthan Boston's boys. The Committee observed that during its experiment, ""not a single Girl voluntarily left the High School....whereas the Boys who enter the High School are constantly leaving it as places in stores and counting rooms are found for them and a very small proportion for thosewho enter continue thorough three years' course."" Boston's boys took advantage of the many employment and apprenticeship opportunities available to them. Boston's girls, who had fewer employment options, stayed in high school.At this point in the story, we would expect that the high school for girls would be pronounced a success, and that more high schools for Boston's girls would be started around the City. Instead, the City decided to close the school.The Committee on Public Instruction decided that providing a high school education to such a large number of girls was unsustainable. In 1836, the Committee wrote a report on their experimental high school. ""If a High School for Girls be necessary,"" wrote the Committee, ""we must establish not one only but an indefinite number."" The Committee believed that there would be at least 1500 qualified girls who would want to attend the school. These 1500 girls were never given the opportunity to attend. The City closed the school in 1828, after only 2 years.Though the high school closed, some small strides were made for women's education in the City. After the school closed, girls were allowed to stay in grammar school until they were 16 years old. Additional subjects were added to the grammar school curriculum for girls. By 1836, girls were learning history, geometry, algebra, astronomy, natural philosophy, and book keeping. Unsurprisingly, many of the girls showed an enthusiasm for and mastery of these subjects.The Committee argued that this expanded curriculum made a high school for girls unnecessary. ""Each of these Schools, with little or no additional expensive to the City, may be rendered capable of bestowing upon the Females of Boston an education similar and equal in value to that acquired at the late High School for Girls,"" argued the Committee.Despite the Committee's argument that the grammar schools were sufficient, Boston's young women and their families continued to petition for a high school for girls. Finally, in 1854, almost 30 years later, Boston established a high school for girls in Roxbury. In its first year, it only admitted 180 girls."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced preparations fortomorrow'santicipated snowfall, which is expected to bring one to three inches of snow to Boston, beginning after7:00 a.m.The National Weather Service has issued a Winter Weather Advisory in effect from1:00 a.m.Wednesdayto6:00 p.m.Wednesday.The Boston Public Works Department has 41,000 tons of salt ready to pretreat city streets, and will have 450 pieces of equipment clearing the roads ahead of the morning commute. Boston Public Schools, libraries, Boston Centers for Youth & Families sites and City Hall and all other municipal services will be open and operating with normal business hours. Residents with trash removal scheduled fortomorrowwill have their pickup begin one hour earlier, beginning at6:00 a.m.""Although this storm is not expected to bring a lot of snow, we're encouraging residents to remain vigilant, use caution when on the roadways and plan any travel accordingly,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The City offers a number of resources geared towards keeping residents safe and aware of current conditions, which I hope everyone will utilize.""Residents are encouraged to sign up for emergency notifications through AlertBoston and utilize the311 call centerfor non-emergency related issues. To find out more information about resources and services available to residents, please visitboston.gov/snow.Rules on Clearing SnowProperty owners must clear snow, sleet and ice from sidewalks abutting the propertywithin three hoursafter the snowfall ends or three hours after sunrise if it snows overnight.This includes clearing adjoining curb ramps. It is important property owners completely clear the curb ramp to create a clear pathway that is accessible for all residents, especially those with disabilities.Removal of snow, ice from a private property to the street or sidewalk is prohibited and will result in a fine issued by Boston Public Works Code Enforcement.Do not throw snow onto the street.Path cleared should be at least 42"" wide to accommodate wheelchairs and strollers. Failure to comply will result in a fine issued by Boston Public Works Code Enforcement.Pleaselook here for informationabout fines associated with improper removal of snow.Safety TipsShoveling snow requires significant exertion, please be cautious and pay attention to symptoms. Stop if you feel chest pain, shortness of breath, lightheaded, nauseous/vomiting. Call 911 if those symptoms do not resolve quickly when you stop exertion.Snow piles can make navigating intersections dangerous for walkers and drivers, please take extra care when turning corners with snowpiles that might limit visibility.Pedestrians should use caution as visibility will be diminished due to blowing and drifting of the snow caused by high winds.Carbon Monoxide poisoning is a concern during winter weather, especially with the use of generators. Residents should be sure to use their home heating systems wisely and safety, and have a working carbon monoxide detector on each floor of your home. Call 911 immediately if you suspect carbon monoxide poisoning.Sitting in a car while idling can be deadly if the tailpipe is blocked. Do not let children sit in an idling car while shoveling. Clear any household exhaust pipes of snow. For example, gas exhaust from heating system or dryer.Remember to keep catch basins and fire hydrants clear.Please check on neighbors, especially the elderly and disabled.Have a contractor check the roof to see if snow needs to be removed. If roof snow can be removed from the ground with the use of a snow-rake, do so with caution. Avoid working from ladders and be mindful of slippery surfaces.Public Libraries & Community CentersBoston Public Libraries and Boston Centers for Youth & Families Community stand-alone centers will be open during normal business hours. Please check theirschedules here.Helping the HomelessIf you see homeless individuals out in the cold who appear immobile, disoriented or underdressed for the cold, please call 911.The Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) coordinates a city-wide network of emergency shelters, outreach providers, city agencies and first responders to assist those in need of shelter.Emergency shelters are open 24 hours and will accept any person in need. Men can access shelters through112 Southampton Street, and women should go to the Woods-Mullen Shelter at794 Massachusetts Ave. BPHC and the City are working closely with shelter providers to ensure that no client is without shelter, food, resources, and a warm respite from the cold.Emergency shelters are open 24 hours and will accept any person in need.During extreme cold weather, street outreach teams operate with extended hours and provide mobile outreach vans on the streets in the evening and throughout the day. Find moreinformation here.Residents are encouraged to sign-up forAlertBostonto receive emergency alerts and to call 311,download the BOS:311 app, or tweet at@BOS311with questions or concerns. Follow@CityofBostonandboston.gov/snowfor the latest updates."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Abdeljalil Krikib to demolish the two-family residencelocated at 375 Maverick Street in East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on January 26, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
When Mayor Walsh gave hissecond inaugural addressto a crowded audience in the Cutler Majestic Theater on January 1, he outlined his goals for his next four years as mayor, which spanned from improving schools through the BuildBPS program, providing 20,000 new jobs to low-income residents by 2022 with the Boston Hires campaign, and creating 50,000 new homes by 2030. One of the things that I am most excited for in 2018 is the Citys focus on exploring resilience and racial equity.Last month, Mayor Walsh held his second Boston Talks About Race Forum at Northeastern University, where the public was invited to ask him about his plans for addressing the many issues revolving around race and racism in the City of Boston. If you missed it, you can watch the videohere. The dialogue was proof that change needs to be made, and change needs to be made quickly.Mayor Walsh speaking at the Boston Talks About Race ForumThats why the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture is so excited to announce ournext round of artists selected to participate in Boston AIR, the Citys artist-in-residence program. The seven artists represent a wide variety of racial and ethnic backgrounds, artistic mediums, and cultural knowledge. The artists will be based at BCYF locations all throughout the City, and will conduct a year-long residency project that explores the theme of resilience and racial equity. This is exactly what we need in Boston right now--and I cant wait to see the impact each artists project has on the larger community. D. Farai Williams, one of the AIRs who specializes in theater, said, Historically Boston has been known as a very racially traumatizing space, and I want to shift that idea about who we are as a city, idea about who we are as the people who live in this city, because we have what it takes to shift this. If people were at the root of creating it, then people will be at the root of dismantling it.Boston AIR 2018 Artists with Mayor Walsh, Chief Julie Burros, and Boston AIR Director Karin GoodfellowAnother extremely exciting update that coincides well with this increased focus on racial equity is that the City is currently working withMLK Bostonto createa memorial honoring Martin Luther King, Jr. and Coretta Scott King to Boston.This is a long overdue project, and its great to see that Boston will be recognizing two people whose work and lives continue to inspire so many of us. The deadline to respond to the RFQ is February 8, 2018. I encourage all local artists to explore this project, which will ultimately result in the addition of a significant new piece of public art in the City.Along with the memorial, there are so many great events happening this month in honor of Martin Luther King, Jr. Boston Public Schools hosted theirannual MLK celebrationon January 11 at the Strand Theatre, and the City of Boston partnered with Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras and the Museum of African American History to present aDay of Celebration in honor of Martin Luther King, Jr.on January 15 at Boston Universitys Metcalf Hall. The Mayors Office of Arts and Culture is looking forward to finding ways to help local artists use their creativity and voices to change the dialogue on race in the City, and make significant strides toward change.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today in partnership with the Mayor's Office of Diversity, Arts and Culture, Boston Public Schools and media partner Boston25 announced an open call for student artists to submit artwork inspired by landmarks related to Black history in Boston, in honor of Black History Month this February.The purpose of the art contest is to inspire Boston students to celebrate the city's Black history and envision themselves as future contributors, in the spirit of the many great Black historical figures that shaped the city we have today.""Black history month marks a time to reflect and honor all those who came before us -- all those who worked to better the lives their community, and their city, and lifted up the Black community in Boston and across the nation,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This art contest is a way for our students to engage with the influential Black role models and places that are part of Boston's past, present and future, and encourage students to join the work to create a brighter future for all.""As part of the contest, students will be asked to visit one or more sites related to Boston's Black History and submit artwork inspired by or related to the place they visited, as well as a photo of themselves visiting their selected site. Submissions will be accepted in the following categories: music, performingarts (including dance, short play, comedy, etc), and spoken word poetry.The contest is open to all students of public, private, charter or home school programs residing in the City of Boston and currently enrolled in grades six through 12. Students are invited to participate as individuals, or in teams. The online portal for digital submissions opens onThursday, February 1and will remain open untilFriday, February 16. Students interested in submitting their work are encouraged tovisit here.A full list of locations is included below:12th Baptist Church (50 Warren St., Roxbury)A. Philip Randolph Statue(Back Bay MBTA Station,45 Dartmouth St., Back Bay)Bill Russell Statue(City Hall Plaza)Black Heritage Trail(includes 14 sites in the Beacon Hill neighborhood)Bruce C. Bolling Building(2300 Washington St., Roxbury)Donna Summer childhood home(16 Parker Hill Ave., Mission Hill, not open to the public)Haley House(2302 Washington St., Roxbury)Harriet Tubman Memorial(Harriet Tubman Park, Pembroke St. and Columbus Ave., South End)Henry Hampton Home(88 Lambert St., Roxbury, not open to the public)Malcolm X. House(72 Dale St., Roxbury, not open to the public)National Center of Afro-American Artists(300 Walnut Ave., Roxbury, free of charge for contest participants)Phillis Wheatley statue at the Boston Women's Memorial(Commonwealth Avenue Mall)South End Technology Center @ Tent City(359 Columbus Ave., South End)William Monroe Trotter House(97 Sawyer Ave., Dorchester, not open to the public)All submissions will be reviewed, and a selection of six winners will be made in late February."
Boston Public Library seeks community organizations, institutions, and individuals to partner with on adult and youth programming for the Central Library in Copley Square and the twenty-five neighborhood locations during Fiscal Year 2019 (July 1, 2018  June 30, 2019). Program proposals should be in support of the Librarys activities, collections, and strategic plan with a focus on one or more of the following themes: social justice, racial equity, arts & culture, education, immigration, and civic engagement. The BPL hosts more than 12,500 free programs per year for all ages.Providing free engaging and enriching programming for patrons and visitors is a core Boston Public Library service, and we look forward to reviewing thoughtful proposals from organizations and individuals as we further develop our dynamic, diverse offerings, said Michael Colford, Boston Public Library Director of Library Services.The program partner application can be found via www.bpl.org/programs/programs.htm, and proposals are due January 29, 2018. Organizations should expect to be notified of a decision by mid-February 2018. Existing 2017-2018 partners include the Boston Lyric Opera, Boston Philharmonic Orchestra, GrubStreet, and Writers without Margins. View www.bpl.org/calendar for specific program offerings.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-five branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Daniel Bauterswith Charlie Damrell LLCto demolish the two-story commercial structure locatedat 10 Damrell Street in South Boston, 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on January 19, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston is seeking to redesign the emergency shelter system to better support people experiencing homelessness in exiting shelter as quickly as possible, and to ensure that people seeking shelter are quickly connected with the right resources. In a request for proposals (RFP), the City outlines its goal of modernizing its emergency shelter system. Responses to the RFP are due on February 20, 2018.""We have made significant progress in our efforts to end chronic and veteran homelessness in the City of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""There is more work to be done though, and modernizing our shelter system will make sure that if a person becomes homeless, they are assessed and quickly connected with the right services to help them get back on their feet.""Since the implementation of Boston's Way Home, the Walsh administration's plan to end chronic and veteran homelessness, the city has seen significant success, ending chronic veteran homelessness and housing nearly 1,300 formerly homeless people. Despite this significant progress, however, demand for shelter continues to grow each year. Boston's individual shelters now serve seven percent more people annually than they did in June 2015, when the plan was released.""Pine Street applauds Mayor Walsh's efforts to connect those who are homeless with the best resources to move them out of homelessness,"" said Lyndia Downie, President and Executive Director of Pine Street Inn. ""Our goal is to move people out of shelter as quickly as possible and better yet, to prevent them from entering in the first place. We look forward to exploring best practices as we work with the city to help people rebuild their lives.""Boston has one of the most intensive emergency responses to homelessness in the country, offering a shelter bed to anyone in need, regardless of sobriety, criminal record, ties to the area, income, or any other barrier that other shelters often impose. For example, more than half of all individuals entering Boston's shelter system report their last known address in a zip code outside of Boston. To that end, a more efficient use of the city's emergency shelter system is critical to achieving the goals of Boston's Way Home.An 18-month Front Door Triage pilot at the City's four largest adult shelters revealed that there are still individuals entering shelter who have viable alternatives other than entering shelter. Shelter guests may need a different type of assistance, such as family mediation, inpatient treatment, or nursing home care, to become stable in housing. Data shows that in other cases, emergency shelter has become an over-utilized safety net for people exiting other systems of care, such as hospitals, jails, and psychiatric facilities. These facilities provide minimal discharge support, or in some cases, make referrals to shelter with the false expectation that it is a fast track to housing.It is the goal of this RFP to reach a shelter system that is accessed only by those who need it, reducing demand on shelters and connecting clients with other options and assistance where necessary. Boston's shelters will also be able to operate in a manner that ensures people experiencing homelessness exit to housing as quickly as possible, and with lower rates of return. Should clients return to shelter after becoming housed, they will be connected to the appropriate resources to help them remain housed.The shelter redesign process will take place after a thorough review of the policies, procedures, operations, staffing, and outcomes in the city's shelters. The proposed plan will be based on proven strategies and outcomes, and will be tailored to the context and resources available within Boston. Shelter management, staff, and clients will be consulted throughout the process.In his recent inaugural address, Mayor Walsh announced the establishment of the Boston's Way Home Fund, which will raise $10 million over the course of four years. These funds will be used to create 200 new units of supportive, sustainable, long-term housing for chronically homeless men and women. The effort to redesign shelter and to create more permanent housing support one another, as often, the best solution for a chronically homeless individual exiting shelter is to become housed in a unit of permanent supportive housing.This type of housing combines subsidized rental housing with individualized support services so that people with complex issues can receive the assistance they need to stay housed. The services are designed to build independent living skills and to connect people with services such as community-based health care, support managing mental health conditions, substance use counseling, and employment services.The RFP is available untilFebruary 20on the City's Supplier Portal atboston.gov/supplierportalunderEV00004868: Transformation of Boston's Emergency Shelter System."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, in partnership with the Museum of African American History, Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras and Boston University, will present ""A Day of Celebration in Honor of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.,"" on Monday, January 15, 2018 from 10:30 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. at Metcalf Hall on the second floor of George Sherman Union at Boston University located at 775 Commonwealth Avenue in Boston.This event celebrates Dr. King: the man, the minister and the humanitarian. Outstanding performances of classical music, spirituals and freedom songs by young Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras musicians complement readings of Dr. King's words by several distinguished community leaders. The event culminates with a keynote address by The Honorable Leslie E. Harris, former associate justice for the Suffolk Juvenile Court.""The City of Boston has the great privilege of working with the Museum of African American History and the Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras for its Day of Celebration in Honor of Dr. King,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud to continue this partnership that allows us to celebrate with purpose and reflection. With this day set aside to formally recognize Dr. King's enormous impact and legacy, I encourage us all reflect, and take action -- let's continue to live out the spirit of Dr. King's words, and work to achieve his dreams in all our communities.""""We are very pleased to provide the setting for this community celebration,"" said Boston University President Robert A. Brown. ""Dr. King is Boston University's most famous alumnus we have the honor of being the custodian of many of his papers. It is vitally important that we celebrate his teaching and his personal example of courage and leadership toward building inclusiveness in America.""""This year's program offers a moment of service, celebration and inspiration,"" said Marita Rivero, Executive Director at the Museum of African American History. ""It is an honor to join with the City of Boston in celebrating this adopted son who was educated here, met his wife here, and spoke here as a civil rights leader. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. is among Boston's great leaders, a champion of humanity.""""Dr. King cherished the values of community, justice and equality,"" said Catherine Weiskel, Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras (BYSO)'s Executive Director. ""We at the BYSO also foster these ideals and are honored to celebrate Dr. King's legacy through sharing exceptional music-making with the City of Boston on this special day. ""As part of Boston's effort to recognize the significance of Dr. King's legacy, the City in partnership with MLK Boston released a Request for Qualifications (RFQ) in December, calling for an artist to create a memorial dedicated to Martin Luther King Jr., and Coretta Scott King. The deadline to respond to the RFQ is Wednesday, February 28.For further information please visit boston.gov/tourism and boston.gov/visiting-boston, or follow the Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment on social media @VisitBostonCity."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from John Topalis to demolish the single-family residencelocated at 613 East Sixth Street in South Boston, 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on January 19, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Public Library kicks off 2018 with its 2018 Lowell Lecture Series  Speaking Up, Speaking Out: Voices of Social Justice, exploring social justice issues relevant to todays world with activists including internationally known transgender speaker Ryan Sallans and Bernice A. King, the daughter of Coretta Scott King and Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.Winter/spring Author Talks at the Central Library in Copley Square run through April and include a Romance Author Panel and a visit from actress and director Christine Lahti. The first event tonight at 6 p.m. features A. J. Finn, author of the thriller The Woman in the Window. Author visits this month at branches include the North End, Jamaica Plain, and West Roxbury. All programs are free and can be viewed via www.bpl.org/calendar.The Local & Family History Lecture Series returns and includes such topics as Boston activism in the 60s and the East Boston Immigration Center Project. An overview of how to research your ancestors World War I service opens the series on Wednesday, January 24, at 6 p.m.Lowell Lecture Series at the Central Library: Author Talk Series at the Central Library:Local & Family History Lecture Series at the Central Library:Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
The Continental Congress wrote back to Charlestown that they lament[ed] the distressed condition of the petitioners but that the Congress had an inability to send money to Charlestown. The Congress wrote that if they were to send money, claims much more extensive and of a similar nature will be made by other suffererers and subject the United States to the payment of sums of moneywhich cannot be spared from the support of the present, just, and necessary war.We dont know exactly how John Hancock felt about denying a request for relief from his home state, but the records of the Continental Congress record: There was a great Deal of Delicacy shown thro the whole Debate upon this Subject, every one wished it was in the Power of Congress to grant the desired Relief most acknowledged the Justice of the Demand but, all agreed that, at present, it would be impolitic to grant itexcept the Delegates from the Massachusetts BayShortly after signing this letter in October of 1777, Hancock requested a leave of absence from the Continental Congress and returned to Massachusetts where he joined the states House of Representatives. He returned to the Continental Congress for a brief period, but again returned to Massachusetts in 1780, and was electedthe governor of the Commonwealth.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the City of Boston has received more than $26.3 million in federal funding in support of Boston's homelessness programs. Boston was awarded the funding as the US Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) announced theresultsof its annualMcKinney Homeless Continuum of Care funding competition, which awarded $2 billion in grants nationally.""Having weathered record-breaking cold weather these past few weeks, we are reminded just how critical these funds are to our work on the issue of homelessness,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We have made significant progress in so many areas, but our work is not done. These funds from HUD are critical to continuing this work, and I want to thank HUD and the entire Massachusetts delegation for their continued support on this issue.""""This funding is critical to local Massachusetts programs that are on the front lines of helping those who might otherwise be living on our streets,"" said David Tille, HUD New England Regional Administrator. ""Investments in these programs that find a stable home for our homeless neighbors not only saves money but quite literally saves lives.""The HUD funding will be applied to programs that supportBoston's Way Home, the City's plan to end chronic and veteran homelessness. Through the efforts of Boston's Way Home, Boston has ended chronic veteran homelessness, and has housed nearly 1,300 formerly homeless people.The programs funded cover a range of services and supports, including housing search, the creation of housing for chronically homeless people, rapid re-housing funds, and stabilization services to allow newly housed chronically homeless individuals to receive the supports they need to succeed. During Mayor Walsh's inauguration earlier this month, he announced the launch ofBoston's Way Home Fund, which has a goal of raising over $10 million over the course of four years to create 200 new units of supportive, sustainable, long-term housing for chronically homeless men and women.The Continuum of Care is a federal programdesigned to end homelessness by supporting community-wide systems of care, providing funding not only to state and local partners, but also to nonprofit providers who are part of the Continuum. This approach creates a more strategic use of resources, while improving coordination and integration between programs. It has also been found to improve data collection and performance measurement and has the benefit of allowing communities to tailor programs to the particular resources, organizations, and challenges of that community.The application for the 2017 Continuum of Care competition was submitted by the Supportive Housing Division of the City of Boston's Department of Neighborhood Development, in partnership with all of the organizations that make up Boston's Continuum of Care. The application consisted of hundreds of data points and narratives about Boston's system and programs, along with 41 individual project applications to support thousands of the most vulnerable Bostonians on a path to permanent, sustainable supportive housing. In 2016, Boston was awarded over $24 million in HUD grants, and in 2015 Boston was awarded over $23 million in funding.Organizations funded include Bay Cove, Bridge Over Troubled Waters, Casa Myrna, FamilyAid, Heading Home, HomeStart, Kit Clark Senior Services, Project Home, Massachusetts Housing and Shelter Alliance, Metro Housing Boston, New England Center and Home for Veterans, Pine Street Inn, St. Francis House, and Victory Programs.For more information on Boston's plan to end homelessness in Boston,please visit here."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Mitch Wilson to demolish the multi-family residence and one story storage building located at 11 Burney Street in Mission Hill, MA 02120We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on January 19, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Massachusetts State House was designed by Charles Bullfinch. He had designed the Connecticut State House two years prior.The dome of the State House, pictured below,is one of its prominent features.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced theOffice of Housing Stabilityhas established two new resources to prevent displacement and eviction of tenants in Boston, one geared toward landlords and one toward tenants. The guiding principle behind both new resources is that if appropriate information and mediation is offered early in the process, many evictions can be avoided. ""We have to work together to keep our communities stable, and ensure families have access to good homes in good neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""When landlords and tenants have the information they need and open lines of communication, evictions can be prevented, or have their impacts lessened. I'm grateful to all of the City's good landlords who work with their tenants to avoid conflict, and I'm proud that we're also helping tenants learn more about their rights and responsibilities.""To further prevent evictions, the City has rolled out its first everonline guide to tenants' rightswhen served with an eviction notice. The guide, which is also available to download, walks tenants through the steps they can take to respond to the eviction process from the moment they receive a notice to quit. The guide includes information about mediation, a guide to preparing for court, and information about resources and rights available to tenants in the event a judge orders them to leave. The Office of Housing Stability has found that tenants often do not fully understand all of their rights in an eviction proceeding, and in some cases, may be forced to leave when they otherwise might be able to stay or to receive some sort of compensation or assistance. For example, families facing a no-fault eviction have the right to file a motion asking the court to delay the eviction for up to six months so they can find new housing, and if someone in the household is disabled or over 60 years old, they may request up to 12 months. Tenants who might not otherwise know these rights can now access them in the guide, which provides easy to understand, actionable suggestions for eviction response and information about available resources. Last month, the Office of Housing Stability hosted a workshop on preventing evictions from subsidized housing. In partnership with HomeStart, the workshop was targeted to managers, owners, resident service coordinators and other professionals who work at properties that receive subsidies. The seminar included a panel presentation on eviction prevention strategies and resources and offered an opportunity for industry professionals to hear about best practices, challenges, and goals.Launched in 2016, the City of Boston'sOffice of Housing Stabilityis one of the first of its kind in the nation. The office is designed to keep communities intact by helping tenants maintain their housing. The office's work includes supporting tenants who are in crisis creating and offering resources, programs, and information for both tenants and landlords to learn about their rights and responsibilities and researching and creating policies that aim to prevent displacement.The office also oversees theMetrolist, a clearinghouse for income-restricted and affordable housing opportunities in Boston and neighboring communities, and hosts evening clinics to offer housing support for tenants and landlords to meet after regular business hours, when it may be more convenient. The office also partners with the Community Dispute Settlement Center to provide mediation for landlord-tenant conflicts.As part of the Administration's commitment to preventing displacement, Mayor Walsh filed an anti-displacement package at the State Legislature, which includes the Jim Brooks Community Stabilization Act an act that would allow tenants and nonprofits the right of first refusal to purchase properties subject to foreclosure or short sale the right to counsel in housing court and would create state income tax credits for renting unsubsidized units at below market rates. This guide to tenants' rights is part of the Walsh Administration's commitment to creating more affordable housing in Boston, and ensuring families are able to stay in their homes. To date, the Walsh Administration has committed more than $100 million in funding to the creation and preservation of affordable housing. Today's announcement builds on the City's preservation and anti-displacement goals, outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, Mayor Walsh's housing plan, and the housing goals laid out inImagine Boston 2030, Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years. As part of both plans, Boston has prioritized increasing the overall housing supply, with a focus on creating and preserving affordable housing.###"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with Massachusetts Eye and Ear, today announced three groups have been selected to participate in the City of Bostons Alternative Space Pilot Project at Massachusetts Eye and Ear hospital. The Alternative Space Pilot Project is a partnership between the City of Boston and local businesses and institutions, with the goal of making underused private spaces available to artists for free.The City of Boston is known for both its incredible arts community and medical institutions, and its great to see these sectors work together in such a mutually beneficial way, said Mayor Walsh. I am encouraged to see how future partnerships like this one will contribute to the expansion and advancement of arts and culture in Boston.The Mayors Office of Arts and Culture and Mass. Eye and Ear released a call for artists in April, encouraging them to apply for a year of free rehearsal space in Mass. Eye and Ears Starr Center at 185 Cambridge Street. The two available spaces in the building, the auditorium and the break-out room, are ideal for rehearsals for performing arts groups.The three arts groups that were chosen are:""Boston Lyric Opera is delighted to be among the first arts organizations to participate in the Alternative Space Pilot Program, said Eileen Williston, Managing Director of the Boston Lyric Opera. We recently held a week-long workshop for our 2018 World Premiere production of Tod Machovers opera Schoenberg in Hollywood. The working space in the Starr Center is top-notch. We thank Mayor Walsh and Mass Eye and Ear, and look forward to Tods work being seen and heard next season.The groups were chosen by a selection committee, which included representatives from Mass. Eye and Ear, Stagesource Boston, and Boston Center for the Arts. The committee evaluated the applicants on their space match, demonstration of need, and history of working in Boston.We are delighted to have the opportunity to be part of this innovative partnership, said Mass. Eye and Ear President and CEO John Fernandez. At Mass. Eye and Ear, we believe in the power of the arts and are pleased we can offer our auditorium space to support and help develop Bostons vibrant cultural community.The Alternative Space Pilot Project was one of the Citys first steps to implement Boston Creates, Bostons ten year plan to enhance arts and culture in Boston. The first goal of Boston Creates is to create fertile ground for a vibrant and sustainable arts and culture ecosystem. One of the main strategies for accomplishing this was to support the availability and affordability of cultural spaces in Boston for all types of arts organizations, including rehearsal spaces. Todays announcement makes progress towards that goal.The Alternative Space Pilot Project is our response to one of the biggest arts and culture issues in Boston--the lack of affordable space for artists, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. Its great to be able to address this in a way that unites a variety of sectors in Boston, because collaboration and innovation are integral to the advancement of the arts and culture community.Earlier this year, two other arts groups, the Equilibrium Ensemble and Castle of our Skins were also selected to receive a year of free rehearsal space at the AT&T flagship store on Boylston Street as part of the Alternative Space Pilot Project."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Lee Goodman to demolish the two-family residencelocated at 73 Sheridan Street in Jamaica Plain, MA 02130We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on January 18, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), today announced seven artists have been selected for the third year ofBoston AIR, the City's artist-in-residence program.""The Boston AIR program brings bold and creative thinking into policy areas of municipal government,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I've been very impressed with past Boston AIR projects, and I can't wait to see what this next group of artists accomplishes.""In the third year of Boston AIR, artists will collaborate with community members and City of Boston employees through projects that explore key policy areas, including racial and social equity. The artists will explore how socially engaged art processes can be used to bolster City initiatives such as climate change, immigration and income inequality.The seven artists chosen for next year's program include:Daniel Johnson:Poet Daniel Johnson is known for his early lyrical explorations of the American Rust Belt. A resident of Roslindale, Johnson is currently completingIn the Absence of Sparrows, which explores his friendship with journalist James Foley, who was executed by ISIS in Syria. For nearly a decade, Johnson served as the founding executive director of 826 Boston, a youth writing center in Roxbury.Marsha Parrilla:Award-winning choreographer Marsha Parrilla is the founding artistic director ofDanza Orgnica. Born and raised in San Juan, Puerto Rico, she pursued a Master's degree in dance education from New York University. Now a Roxbury resident, Parrilla is a proud recipient of several grants from the New England Foundation for the Arts, the Massachusetts Cultural Council, and the Boston Foundation, among others. She is currently a Dance Ambassador at the Institute of Contemporary Art in Boston.D. Farai Williams:Williams, founder and facilitator with Dynamizing Equity (dEQ) and Idjeli TheaterWorks (ITW), is an artist, theater of the oppressed facilitator, racial equity strategist and cultural organizer. A Roxbury resident, Williams serves as a partner and racial equity strategist with The Disruptive Equity Education Project (DEEP). She is also the core-coordinator for the Network of Immigrants and African Americans Building Solidarity, and a faculty member with Southern Jamaica Plain's Racial Reconciliation and Healing Project.Sneha Shrestha:IMAGINE, aka Sneha Shrestha, is a Nepali artist who paints mindful mantras in hernative language and meshes the aesthetics of Sanskrit scriptures with graffiti influences. Being the first to mesh Nepali Alphabets with American graffiti, she has shown her work all around the world. A Somerville resident, Shresthagraduated from Harvard Graduate School of Education with a Master's degree in Education. Currently, she is working as the founder and senior advisor of the Children's Art Museum of Nepal where she is passionate about designing creative learning experiences for young people.Karen Young:A Jamaica Plain resident who specializes in percussion, Karen Young's passion fortaiko drumming was ignited the first time she heard it 30 years ago. Young's approachto taiko aims to inspire marginalized populations to reclaim voice, culture, power, and a sense of belonging. Influenced by Japanese-American taiko activists of the 1960's, Young is the founder of The Genki Spark, a multi-generational, pan-Asian women's arts and advocacy organization that uses taiko drumming, personal stories, and creativity to build community, develop leadership, and advocate respect for all.Nakia Hill:Nakia Hill is a writer and educator focused on developing writing programs for urbanyouth. A Boston resident with a background in journalism, Hill specializes in managingcreative writing spaces for underserved youth to fuel empowerment and discover thewriter within. Her work has been published in The Christian Science Monitor, HuffingtonPost, The Bay State Banner, and Sister to Sister Magazine. Her latest work is createdthrough a non-fiction lens in the form of poetry and reflective personal narratives. Thetheme of her work focuses on womanhood, self-care, and resiliency.Steve Locke:Steve Locke is a Boston-based visual artist.. His solo exhibition, ""there is no one left toblame"" was curated by Helen Molesworth for the Institute of Contemporary Art,Boston. His practice is rooted in portraiture, language, and the discursive power ofnature. Currently a tenured professor at Massachusetts College of Art and Design,Locke has been included in group shows all over the world, and his work is in thecollections of the Leslie-Lohman Museum of Gay and Lesbian Art and the Museum ofContemporary Art Detroit.Mayor Walsh recognized and congratulated each Boston AIR artist earlier today during a reception at City Hall.""I am very excited to contribute my expertise and artistry towards the Resilience and Racial Equity program with the City of Boston,"" said Marsha Parrilla. ""I am most looking forward to getting to know members of our community in a focused and intentional way, and to utilize my skills as a dancer/choreographer, cultural organizer, and activist towards social change in the City. I am very inspired by the idea of working with the local government to reframe critical social conversations, and to propose new ways of integrating our communities through arts, activism, and sustainable civic practice.""Each Boston AIR artist will carry out a year-long residency project revolving around the theme of resilience and racial equity at one of the City's BCYF centers.""We've seen impressive results from the first two years of the Boston AIR program in the City of Boston,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. ""Continuing the program with a new round of artists brings us one step closer to achieving Boston Creates' goals of investing in local artists, bringing arts opportunities to underserved communities, and using the arts to establish a dialogue on racial equity in Boston.""About the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include implementing the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates commissioning public art, managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information go to:www.boston.gov/departments/arts-and-cultureAbout the Boston Art Commission (BAC)The Boston Art Commission (BAC), an independent board of arts leaders charged with the care and custody of all artworks on City of Boston property, advocates for the creation of innovative and transformative art and promotes its accessibility to enrich the lives of Boston's diverse citizens and visitors. The Art Commission advises, supports, and consults with artists and communities, City departments, and others. It commissions, approves, and conserves the City of Boston's collection of art and historical artifacts. For more information, go to:www.publicartboston.com###"
"In 1930, Boston was home to almost 800,000 residents and growing, especially in the neighborhoods of Dorchester and Jamaica Plain. The chart below shows the City's population growth by neighborhood.In response to this growth, Bostons Mayor James Michael Curley launched a massive building and infrastructure program. The program was focused on improving the lives of Bostons working and middle classes.Curley built new branch libraries and schools in the outlying neighborhoods of Jamaica Plain, Brighton, West Roxbury, and Hyde Park. He expanded Boston City Hospital, and founded seven new health units in various City neighborhoods. Under his direction, the Parks Department built recreational facilities and new parks. Curley also pushed for the expansion of the Citys public transit system. During his administration, the Red, Green, and Blue lines were extended and improved.The Sumner Tunnel was also built, and the Citys Public Works Department laid out countless new roads, bridges, and parkways.As our city looks forward to 2030, we can see both differences and similarities to 1930. As in 1930, our city is growing and becoming more diverse. As we grow economically, our population needs affordable housing, accessible transportation, and enhanced local neighborhoods. In 1930, the City, led largely by one individual, took an ad hoc approach to addressing these issues. In contrast, Imagine Boston 2030 is a carefully constructed citywide plan shaped by over 15,000 Boston voices. In the coming months, as our city looks forward to 2030, the City Archives will be writing a series of blog posts called ""Boston on the '30s."" The posts will highlightBoston in 1630,1730, 1830, and 1930. Since our 1630 founding, Boston has been a dynamic and changing community. We're looking forward to sharing some of those historic changes with you!"
"Set aside time alone to think about what went well, and what you wish went differently in 2017. Some things may have been in your control while others were not. What was your favorite memory? How about your biggest priority? Thank yourself for everything you were able to accomplish. Try writing a journal entry about the year, using an online guide to help you reflect, or discussing with a family member or friend.A clean space helps make room for new things and new ideas in the year ahead. De-clutter your desk at work, get around to that vacuum and carwash, and spend some time organizing your home. There are likely things to donate, repurpose, or get rid of in each room. Freshening things up will help you to feel organized and enter 2018 stress-free.Its easy to let negative self-talk creep in when your goals all begin with ""no."" No sugar. No alcohol. No more activities on the calendar for the kids. Try shifting your thinking to something more specific that you want, instead of only focusing on what you can't do. For instance,""incorporate more fruits and veggies each week,""""drink responsibly and on special occasions,"" and ""help the kids continue to get excited about their weekly swimming lesson."" This simple shift in thinking can make a big difference in the way you view yourself throughout the year.Did you workout sixdays a week this year but still arent feeling strong? It may be time to utilize that personal trainer consult at your gym. Maybe you tried to overcome a big loss or life change, or break-up all on your own, but are still feeling down. Counseling may be a good option. Your PCP can make a referral, or you can use Psychology Today to search for a local provider. The Employee Assistance program can also help employees locate an array of services. If you faced hardship in 2017,the beginning of 2018 is a good time to regain and relearn coping skills, and get back to feeling like you again.Start small. Its OK if you are unsure what the year ahead is going to bring. Whats important is knowing how you want to feel, and how you want to approach challenges and new opportunities that come your way. Set intentions that feel reasonable and stay true to yourself. Just because all your friends are setting weight-loss and financial goals, that doesnt mean you need to. Listen to yourself about what you truly want and move forward from there. Write your goals and intentions down to hold yourself accountable.When you re-read these next year, it will be quite inspiring to see how far youve come."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Robert Reissfelder to demolish the one-story garage located at 90 Cass Street in West Roxbury, MA 02132.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on January 15, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh this morning announced the City of Boston Snow Emergency and parking ban will be lifted at5 p.m.this evening.""I'd like to thank Boston Public Works and all residents who have cleaned, shoveled, salted and worked hard to keep our City safe and running,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""As we continue to clean up snow, we ask for the public's help in shoveling their sidewalks, ensuring everyone can safety travel in Boston.""Throughout the day, Public Works teams will continue to dig out from from yesterday's storm, pushing snow to the curb to open up travel lanes for cars, buses and bikes. The City will also be identifying targeted areas for overnight snow removal. If there are any snow- or cold-related issues, Boston encourages residents to contact311, the City's resident hotline.The 48-hour space saver rule is in effect: residents will have 48 hours to use an object to save a parking spot after a snow emergency has ended. Due to a community decision, space savers are not allowed in the South End. Space savers are allowed in every other neighborhood.Drivers who have parked their cars in alternate lots providing a discount during Snow Emergencies must move their cars by7 p.m. regular parking rates will apply after that.Boston encourages all property owners to help shovel sidewalks -- both their own and for neighbors who may be in need. After snow storms end during the night, the City's requirements state sidewalks must be shoveled three hours after dawn. This is roughly10:15 a.m.today.Residents are encouraged to sign up for emergency notifications throughAlertBostonand utilize the311call center for non-emergency related issues. 311 is operational 24 hours a day. To find out more information about resources and services available to residents, please visitboston.gov/snow."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the city's continued preparations for the ongoing winter storm, which is expected to bring 12 to 18 inches of snow and strong winds by around9:00 p.m.tonight, with freezing cold temperatures lasting all weekend. Boston's Emergency Operations Center is running and will be monitoring the storm.""As always, safety is our number one priority. We are encouraging residents to stay off the roads, assist the elderly and disabled, and be sure to use caution during the cold weather,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Please remember to abide by safety guidelines, call 3-1-1 with any questions, and be safe."""
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Richard C. Lyndsto demolish the industrial building located at 11-19 Walley Streetin East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on January 12, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from David Eisenwith Abacus Architects + Plannersto demolish the single-story commercial structure at 449A-449 W. Broadway in South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on January 12, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Daniel Bauters to demolish the single-family residencelocated at 34 Dix Streetin Dorchester. The full address is 34 Dix Street, Dorchester, MA 02122.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on January 12, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
The BRB is a cost sharing, multi-employer, public employee retirement system established under Chapter 32 of the Massachusetts General laws. The mission of the BRB is to oversee its Retirement System which disburses retirement benefits and provides services to 20,000+ active members, as well as 14,000+ retirees and beneficiaries. The BRB manages upwards of $5 billion in pension funds, which are fully invested in diversified asset categories.Qualifications for this position include, but not limited to, the following:Preferred attributes include, but not limited to, the following:Board Members are required to complete 18 hours of educational training during the three year term, and to file Annual Statements of Financial Interest with the Public Employee Retirement Administration Commission. Board Members must comply with G.L. c. 268A, the State Ethics Law.The fifth member of the Retirement Board may not be an employee, retiree or official of the Retirement Board, City of Boston, Boston Planning & Development Agency f/k/a Boston Redevelopment Authority, Boston Housing Authority, Suffolk County Sherriffs Department, Boston Water and Sewer Commission or Boston Public Health Commission.Interested candidates should respond by sending a cover letter and curriculum vitae to Timothy J. Smyth, Esquire at timothy.smyth@boston.gov no later than 5 p.m. on January 5, 2018.
In the past year we have seen a lot of companies do a pretty bad job of protecting their customers' data. In 2018, resolve to take action to protect your own data and devices from cyber threats.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh this morning took the oath of office and was sworn into his second term as Mayor of the City of Boston before a crowd full of residents, supporters, faith leaders and elected officials at Cutler Majestic Theatre. With Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. presiding, the ceremony also included the swearing-in of the Boston City Council. After his swearing-in, Mayor Walsh delivered his second inaugural address, committing to prioritizing the fundamentals of middle class opportunity: strong 21st century schools, good jobs, and affordable homes in safe neighborhoods. In his speech, Mayor Walsh further committed to securing resources for Boston's most vulnerable populations and providing more opportunity in every neighborhood across the city.""In the last four years, we have dedicated ourselves, together, to Boston's progress,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""And as we've proven to each other, our nation, and the world, Boston never stops rising to the occasion, setting new goals, tackling new challenges and soaring to new heights. I'm honored to stand alongside this city's residents and have the opportunity to continue our work of making Boston a shining example -- our shining city on a hill -- of all people coming together to make their neighborhoods and their city better each day, year, and generation. We all share the same conviction that we are always moving forward towards a better Boston, and I'm so proud to be a part of it.""""It was an honor to preside over Mayor Walsh's swearing in,"" said Vice President Biden. ""Marty is a man of incredible character and courage. He has never forgotten where he comes from. I don't think there's a Mayor in America who better understands the middle class, or who will do more to fight for its revitalization in the years ahead than Mayor Marty Walsh. Building on the work that the Mayor and the City Council have already done, the future is bright for the City of Boston.""Reverend Joseph White of St. Joseph Catholic Church delivered the ceremony's opening prayer, and remarks by Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr. preceded the inaugural address before he presided over the administration of the Oath of Office of both Mayor Walsh and the Boston City Council.In his address, Mayor Walsh announced his Administration's plans as he begins his second term, including:Four years ago, Mayor Walsh committed to working towards eliminating the opportunity gap throughout the City of Boston. When he came into office, Mayor Walsh created the Office of Workforce Development, with Career Centers serving more than 380 employers and 15,000 job seekers annually with resume-writing, networking, interviewing and job searching skills. A year later, Mayor Walsh established the Office of Financial Empowerment which works to equip residents with the knowledge, tools, and resources to be financially secure and create wealth.Since 2014, Boston has directed $11 million in new development fees to job training for 3,000 low-income Boston residents through various job training and employment placement programs in a number of high-growth sectors. The city's unemployment rate dropped from an average of 6.1 percent in 2013 to 3.4 percent in 2016.Creating additional permanent supportive housing is an important component of Boston's Way Home, Mayor Walsh's plan to end chronic and veteran homelessness. This type of housing combines subsidized rental housing with individualized services that people need to become stable in their housing. To date, Boston has created 4,514 permanent affordable housing units for homeless individuals. These units have been created through subsidy programs targeted to homeless individuals and through City requirements that rental housing developments with ten units or greater include a set-aside of at least 10 percent of those units for homeless families and/or individuals. In addition, the Boston Housing Authority gives homeless households priority for housing in its portfolio.Since January 2016, the City has been able to increase the amount of permanent supportive housing for chronically homeless individuals by 100 units and vouchers however, the existing portfolio of permanent supportive housing is not enough to meet demand.As Boston's population continues to grow at historic rates, with an anticipated 700,000 residents who will live in Boston by 2030, Mayor Walsh and his administration continue to create housing for all income levels. Boston's housing plan, Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030, set out to create 53,000 new units of housing across a range of income levels by 2030. Since the 2014 implementation of the plan, 13,551 new units of housing have been completed.With an additional 8,412 units currently under construction, the City has secured housing for an estimated 25,000 residents, making significant progress in meeting Boston's rapid population growth. By improving the development and the permitting process by raising affordable housing requirements and by investing directly in affordable housing Boston is ahead of pace to meet that goal, and rents have stabilized.Dedicated to providing recovery services to all those that need it, Mayor Walsh created the first-in-the-nation municipal Office of Recovery Services to study substance use in Boston and lead the city's strategy around substance use disorders, addiction and recovery. Along with launching the new 311 for Recovery Services 24/7 hotline support system and investing in outreach workers on the streets, Mayor Walsh this year piloted a daytime engagement center for homeless individuals that hosts programming and access to medical, recovery, housing and job search services as a new, innovative way to increase access to critical support.In 2014 to ensure public safety, Mayor Walsh made the decision to close Long Island Bridge. Over the past four years, the City has worked diligently to replace all shelter beds that were once housed on Long Island and continued to add more. While Mayor Walsh believes that the location is not suitable for Boston's homeless population, he has always been committed to recovery services being part of the future of Long Island and saw the potential the location had to be a peaceful setting for those in recovery. Rebuilding the Bridge and then reopening the Island for recovery services continues Boston's commitment to ensuring a continuum of care for those who suffer from substance use disorders."
You can read or watch Mayor Walsh's speech below.***Good morning, everyone.Thank you to President Lee Pelton and Emerson College for hosting us. Vice President [Joseph] Biden, thank you for your kind words, for your service to our country, and for your example of compassionate leadership and uncommon strength at a time when we surely need it.To my family: I love you.Governor [Charles] Baker, Speaker [Robert] DeLeo, Senator [Edward] Markey, Congressmen [Michael] Capuano and [Stephen] Lynch, Ambassador [Raymond] Flynn, and all elected and appointed officials: good morning and thank you for being here.To the members of the Boston City Council, especially Councilors Lydia Edwards, Kim Janey, and Edward Flynn: welcome, and congratulations to you and your families. I look forward to working with all of you on Boston's future.To the first responders who worked late last night to keep us safe, as they do every night and every day, and to all of our city workers, we thank you.And to the people of Boston: the women and men, children and seniors the workers in every industry the small business owners in every neighborhood the artists and the activists the clergy and the social workers the teachers and the students and the veterans who protect us and make us proud: I wish each of you and your families a happy, healthy New Year.***Since 1630, Boston has been a refuge: from religious persecution, from hunger and war and discrimination, and now, also, from climate change.From the first immigrant who set foot on Shawmut Peninsula to the first student from Puerto Rico who stepped into a new classroom this fall, for nearly four centuries Boston has been more than the place we share. Its the hope we bring. Its the determination we show. Its the idea that Boston and America were built on: that, if we listen for the truth, if we learn from our past, if we lead in a spirit of service, then each generation can do better than the lastin fairness and in goodness, as well as in health and prosperityand we can be a power of example to our nation and the world.In the last four years, we have dedicated ourselves, together, to Bostons progress. In the city where free public education began, we expanded its reach from pre-kindergarten to community college. We tackled a housing shortage by building record numbers of new homes and new affordable homes. We showed a way forward in police-community relationsmajor crime has fallen by 19%, and arrests are down 23%. We proved that Bostons values create value: adding 80,000 new jobs, lifting small businesses in every neighborhood, and becoming a headquarters city in the global economy.With the revenues from our growth, and by modernizing city government, we upgraded the schools, parks, libraries, and community centers that our neighborhoods cherish. And at a time when the national conversation too often turned mean, we recommitted, without reservation, to feeding the hungry, housing the homeless, confronting racism, and welcoming the immigrant. And we always will.***We are a proud city. But like good Bostonians, we are not satisfied with the progress of yesterday.We know there is much more work to be done. In 12 short years, Boston will turn 400. Whatever Im doing in 2030, I want us to know that we did everything we could to make Boston better and make Boston stronger. Thats why we worked together on so much planning in the last four years, and why we called it Imagine Boston 2030. We want to finish Bostons fourth century stronger and more united than ever.To take our city to new heights, we must adapt the idea of Boston to new challenges, from the local streets to the global stage. We can be a city whose industry and innovation make the world a better place and provide good jobs in every neighborhood of Boston. We can be a city that heals the environment by opening our waterfront for all to enjoy. We can be the global capital of learning whose own young people know that they can change the world. In other words, we can be a city thats world-classbecause it works for the middle class.Thats what made the idea of Boston a reality for most of us. My parents came here as immigrants, with next to nothing. My father got work helping to build Bostons growing skyline. He and my mother were able to make a home, and raise their kids to dream even bigger dreams. Thats the kind of progress a strong middle class provides: not just security for those who are already comfortable, but opportunity for all who need it.My greatest concern for our citys future is that we could lose this engine of upward mobility. Nationwide, fewer than half the workers born in the 1980s are earning as much as their parents did. Something has gone wrong. Its not just globalization and technology. Weve faced upheavals before, like Depression and war, and weve come out stronger. Today, instead of coming together to defend our common welfare, we are divided and our middle class is under attack.Progress on health care is getting rolled back. Taxes are shifting from the wealthy onto the backs of working people. And theres talk of cutting Social Security and Medicare for our seniors. We see attacks on workers rights and attacks on the women and immigrants and people of color who make up the majority of our working class. These are efforts to break up and tear down the middle class that built Americas prosperity and is building Bostons future. Thats why we have stood up to fight back, and we must keep fighting back.But, just as important, we have to show a better way forward. So in my second term, I will prioritize the fundamentals of middle-class opportunity in our world-class city: strong 21st-century schools good jobs and affordable homes in safe neighborhoods. A better Boston for everyone.***It begins with a guarantee that every child, whatever their starting point, gets the education they need to thrive. This is a promise we must keep together as a community, by listening to, and working with, families, teachers, and principals.Thats how we are revitalizing Bostons aging school infrastructure through BuildBPS, our $1 billion facilities program. Our progress so far shows the range of diverse communities, student needs, and 21st-century skills that new buildings unlock.Just as important as new buildings are the renovations at the David Ellis School in Roxbury, the McKay School in East Boston, Channing Elementary in Hyde Park, the Condon School in South Boston, the Curley in Jamaica Plain, and many more.In the next 4 years, were going to continue BuildBPS by working with school communities toward simpler grade configurations that work better for everyone.Were also going to scale up our new food pilot program thats working at East Boston High School, the Kennedy School, the Bradley School, and East Boston Early Education Center, until every student gets at least two fresh, nutritious meals, every day, all across the district.As we modernize infrastructure, well continue to strengthen academic pathways through every grade. But turning education into opportunity goes beyond school walls. Our young people need and deserve access to the global network of higher learning that flows through their own city. So well be calling on Bostons world-renowned colleges and universities to play a bigger role.In 2016, 710 Boston residents were attending private colleges in our city, on scholarships worth roughly $32 million. Thats a 14% increase from four years earlier. I want to thank all these institutions and, in particular, Boston University, for enrolling 80 new BPS graduates this year alone.But I also ask our colleges and universities, as good citizens, to do more. Come into more of our schools. Admit more of our graduates. And, by next year, I challenge you as a community to add 100 new full scholarships for Boston students.Finally, when leadership from the White House is lacking, our partnership with the State House is more important than ever. Nowhere has that partnership had more of an impact than in our classrooms. But our success was built on a two-part agreement: accountability and funding. And while student outcomes have kept improving, funding shortfalls are undermining our ability to go further.So we will continue to advocate for fully funding the charter school reimbursements called for by state law. And we will keep working with the Legislature on our plan to fund universal pre-kindergarten with tourism taxes that are already being collected in Boston.Education has evolved. Its time for our partnership to evolve as well. Lets all pull together, to move our students, our city, and our state forward.***We need every pathway to lead to real opportunity. That means good jobs that sustain families and strengthen our middle class.Four years ago, we created an Economic Development cabinet to unify and strengthen our job-creating policies. This team has expanded small business support in every neighborhood, recruited industry leaders around the world to bring new jobs to our city, and moved Bostonians up into those middle-class careers.Our Office of Workforce Development has trained nearly 3,000 Bostonians for good jobs with living wages. Its empowering thousands more with credit and wealth-building tools. And now were building a program called City Academy to train and place Boston Public School graduates in good city jobs.In the next four years we will go further, with a campaign called Boston Hires. We will work with nonprofit partners and private employers toward a new goal: 20,000 low-income Boston residents trained and placed in good jobs by the year 2022.I invite all our citys employers to join this movement and take advantage of the tremendous untapped talent in our neighborhoods.***A strong education and a good job are the foundation. But housing is the key to long-term financial security.Four years ago, we took on the historic housing shortage that has been driving up costs and driving down savings for too many families. We set a target of creating 53,000 new homes by 2030. By improving the development and permitting process, increasing affordable housing production, and expanding homebuyer supports, we got ahead of pace to meet that goal. And rents have stabilized.Last year alone, we set new records, with over 5,000 new homesand more than 1,000 restricted to low- and moderate-income families.But with our citys population growing even faster and a regional housing shortage adding pressure, too many families are still being priced out of too many neighborhoods. We are determined to meet this challenge by redoubling our efforts.***Recently I stood with mayors from across Greater Boston to commit to a regional housing plan. By March, we will announce the number of new homes the region needs.As a leader in this strategy, we will increase our citys targets for low-income homes, moderate-income homes, senior housing, and overall units.We will meet these goals by following your vision in Imagine Boston 2030: transit-oriented development, mixed-income growth in new neighborhoods, and protecting and enhancing our existing communities. We will draw on new resources for affordable housing from the Community Preservation Act which you supported. To serve those in the greatest need, we will invest in public housing like never before. And as college enrollment increases, we will insist on new dorms that leave more neighborhood homes open to working families.With new targets driving us forward, a regional plan promising help from our neighbors, and the Legislature working on a housing bond bill, we recommit to making affordable homes a reality for a strong middle class.***Every single person deserves security, dignity, and hope. Those suffering from addiction, and those experiencing homelessness, are no less deserving than anyone of a place in our middle-class community.In 2014, for the safety of our most vulnerable residents, we were forced to close the Long Island Bridge. At the same time, we opened a door to long-overdue reforms in how Boston provides human services for our region.I want to make one thing clear: the opioid crisis and homelessness are not the same. They each require a unique, comprehensive response.Thats why we created an Office of Recovery Services to expand access to treatment. Recovery requires a continuum of carefrom detox, to residential treatment, to transitional housingto reclaim your life.For many people, including myself, Long Island played a vital role in Bostons recovery landscape. And it will again.Today I pledge to you that we will rebuild the bridge. And we will create, on Long Island, the comprehensive, long-term recovery campus that our city and state need more than ever, to tackle the opioid crisis.***The closing of Long Island also did something else. It finally brought homelessness out of the shadows.Instead of riding a bus out to a shelter, night after night, for months and years on end, people need a permanent home, with supports, as part of a community. They need housing first, and thats the system we are moving toward. Its how weve housed nearly 1,300 formerly homeless people. And its how we ended chronic veterans homelessness in the City of Boston.***But the need remains great. So today, we embark together on a citywide movement.We launch the Bostons Way Home Fund. Our goal is to raise $10 million privately, to create 200 units of permanent, supportive housing over the next four years. Pine Street Inn will provide the know-how and Bank of America will start us off with a quarter-million dollar donation. I'd like to thank Anne Finucane and Miceal Chamberlain of Bank of America for your leadership. I invite every organization and individual to join us. And I ask everyone here, or watching at home, to visit www.bostonswayhomefund.org and learn how you can help.Boston built Americas first public school, public park, and public library. We dug the first subway and invented the first telephone. We ran the first annual marathon and won the first World Series. Now lets be the first major city to come together as a community and end chronic homelessness for good.***From around the world and across our nation, people look to Boston for hope, for opportunity, and for a chance to build a better life.They make Boston their home. They become our middle class. They are us. And together we live the idea that is Boston, as the beating heart of a great city that is always moving forward.Today we take another step forward together: mindful of our history as a city of purpose and progress optimistic about our future and determined to fulfill a vision that grows with each generation. We are more than a city upon a hill, with the eyes of all people upon us. We are a city built by all the peoples of the world, as they turn hunger into hope, crisis into recovery, and conflict into community.Together we have built a city of neighborhoods that care, a city of second chances, a city of learning and healing, a city of courage and creativity, a city of heart and hope. We are one of the great cities of the world and, after nearly four centuries, our greatest days are yet to come.Thank you.God bless you.God bless the City of Boston.
"In his second inaugural address, Mayor Martin J. Walsh will today announce the establishment of the Boston's Way Home Fund, which will support the City of Boston's plan to end chronic homelessness. The fund will raise $10 million over the course of four years, which will be used to create 200 new units of supportive, sustainable, long-term housing for chronically homeless men and women.""As Bostonians, we know that the thing we love celebrating most is our spirit, our resilience, and each other,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are committed to making sure that every person in our City has a place to call their home and build a better life, and this new fund will help do just that. People often ask what they can do to help -- I encourage everyone to learn more about Boston's Way Home Fund, and invite every organization and individual to join us as we move closer to our goal of ending chronic homelessness in the City of Boston.""While traditionally mayors and mayors-elect raise private funds for inauguration celebration costs, Mayor Walsh will instead encourage organizations and residents to learn more about the city's work to end chronic homelessness, and consider becoming involved in Boston's Way Home. Mayor Walsh's personal message can be found here.The fund has been launched in partnership with Pine Street Inn and Bank of America. Bank of America has generously kicked off the Fund with a $250,000 donation.""Pine Street Inn is thrilled to be part of this initiative with Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston,"" said Lyndia Downie, President and Executive Director of Pine Street Inn. ""As Pine Street approaches our 50th anniversary in 2019, we appreciate the Mayor's leadership as we work toward the shared goal of ending homelessness in Boston.""""Safe, supportive housing is fundamental to achieving economic self-sufficiency, and a core pillar of Bank of America's commitment to Boston's continued growth as a thriving, sustainable city,"" said Miceal Chamberlain, Massachusetts President for Bank of America. ""We're honored to work with Mayor Walsh and our long-standing partners, Pine Street Inn, to help establish this critical Fund to provide affordable homes for those who need them most.""In his January 2016 State of the City, Mayor Walsh announced Boston had ended chronic veteran homelessness to date, nearly 850 homeless veterans have been housed. In 2016, the City scaled up its efforts to end chronic homelessness since January of 2016, 425 chronically homeless individuals have been housed, representing more than 3,000 years of homelessness ended.Since its implementation, Boston's Way Home has also resulted in a complete redesign of the way Boston offers services to homeless individuals. Rather than counting on shelter as the solution to the issue, Boston has moved toward a housing-first model, where an individual's entrance into the shelter system is also their entrance to a path toward permanent, stable housing.Creating new permanent supportive housing is an important component of Boston's Way Home, the City's plan to end chronic homelessness. Permanent supportive housing combines subsidized rental housing with individualized support services so that people with complex issues can receive the assistance they need to stay housed. The services are designed to build independent living skills and to connect people with services such as community-based health care, help with mental health issues, substance use counseling, and employment services.By definition, chronically homeless individuals have barriers that create challenges to remaining housed. These barriers can include physical disabilities, substance abuse issues, and mental health issues, among others. Without additional assistance, some chronically homeless men and women are not able to maintain their homes.Permanent supportive housing is a nationally-recognized best practice, supported by the U.S. Interagency Council on Homelessness, and by substantial research. In 2015, in a study comparing costs for the same individuals pre- and post-housing placement, the Massachusetts Housing and Shelter Alliance found that permanent supportive housing reduced costs to the system by $12,101 per homeless individual.Boston's Way Home calls for the creation of an additional 200 new permanent supportive housing units. To determine the appropriate number of new permanent supportive housing units, during the development of Boston's Way Home, the City's Department of Neighborhood Development contracted the Corporation for Supportive Housing to calculate the need for permanent supporting housing and other types of interventions in Boston.The $10 million raised from the fund is expected to leverage a significant public and private investment."
"OnSunday, December 31, 2017, the City of Boston will welcome the New Year with its annual First Night Celebration, andMonday, January 1, 2018, the inauguration of Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh will take place at the Cutler Majestice Theatre. Street closures and parking bans will be in effect throughout the weekend to support these events. Those coming into Boston to enjoy the festivities are asked to leave their vehicles at home.Please visit the MBTA websitefor information on MBTA service and The Hubway websitefor information on bike share service.The following traffic and parking plan may be revised by the Boston Transportation Department or the Boston Police Department at any time as necessary.First Night Related Street Closures - New Year's Eve,Sunday, December 31, 2017intoMonday, January 1, 2018First Night Related Parking Restrictions - New Year's Eve,Sunday, December 31, 2017intoMonday, January 1, 2018Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special EventSaturdaytoMondayTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special EventSunday12:01 a.m.toMonday5a.m.""Tow Zone No StoppingSundayInauguration Related Street Closures -Monday, January 1, 2018Traffic delays are expected in the vicinity of the intersection of Tremont Street and Boylston Street onMonday, January 1, 2018, as Boston residents gather for the 10 a.m. Inauguration of City of Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh at the Cutler Majestic Theatre.Drivers are strongly encouraged to detour around the area.Inauguration Related Parking Restrictions -Monday, January 1, 2018""Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Events Monday 5 a.m.-1 p.m."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the City of Boston has broken a record in annual housing production. The continued production of housing at all levels is a critical component of reaching the administrations goal of producing 53,000 new units of housing by 2030 in order to ease the Citys housing shortage.Since January 1, 2017, 5,349 permits for housing have been issued. Since the City began tracking housing production 22 years ago, this is the largest number of new units permitted in a single year, outpacing the previous record of 4,583 set in 2015.During 2017, the City also reached the 1,000-permit mark for new, income-restricted housing. Nearly 19 percent of all housing permitted in the City this year will be below market rate and restricted to low-, moderate- and middle income households.While our population is growing faster than ever, we have been working to meet the housing demands of our growing city, said Mayor Walsh. I believe that Bostons growth must benefit everyone who lives here, and Im proud that we are building housing for a range of incomes.Deed restricted units have been permitted in 14 out of Bostons 15 neighborhood planning districts -- nearly every neighborhood in the city. Of the 1,009 deed-restricted units permitted in 2017, 453 -- just below half -- will be restricted for households with incomes below $50,000, while 18 percent -- 183 units -- will be affordable to households with incomes below $31,000.""The City of Boston is making remarkable progress in creating new housing and we are proud to be a partner in these efforts, said Joe Kriesberg, President of the Massachusetts Association of Community Development Corporations. ""We are particularly pleased to see both the record setting rate of overall housing production and the permitting of over 1,000 income restricted units in 2017. While housing affordability challenges remain daunting, the Citys strategy of leveraging both public resources and private market forces to create housing for a wide range of incomes is working.Among the highlights of this years affordable housing production were Dorchesters Harmon Apartments, 36 units of ADA-compliant accessible housing for people with progressive neurological disease, including services and technological adaptations, and the Harry and Jeanette Weinberg House, where 22 units will be reserved for extremely low-income seniors seven units for chronically homeless seniors, which will have specialized services provided by HEARTH, Inc, and a five-bedroom pod, run in collaboration with Jewish Family & Children's Service, designated for low-income individuals aging with lifelong developmental disabilities.In addition, the Boston Housing Authority has been pushing forward on the redevelopment of its properties, including the permitting of Phase One (144 units) of the Whittier Choice Neighborhood Initiativea collaboration between the Boston Housing Authority, the City, Preservation of Affordable Housing, and Madison Park Development Corporation. Whittier CNI will ultimately add more than 500 units of mixed-income housing to Lower Roxbury, including more than 200 units affordable to extremely low-income households.The Citys Inclusionary Development Policy, which was recently strengthened to require more investment in affordable housing from developers, has also led to the creation of income-restricted housing in some of Bostons most challenging neighborhoods for the creation of below market rate housing, including Chinatown at PBX Residences the South Boston Waterfront at 399 Congress Street, and in the Fenway, at Fenway Center.Production of housing for moderate- to middle-income families, largely the result of the Inclusionary Development Policy, remained strong as well, with 545 deed-restricted units permitted. These units are located in neighborhoods across the city, with the largest number (62) coming from Dorchesters South Bay project.Combined, the 5,349 units of housing permitted in 2017 will add $2 billion to the City of Bostons tax base, and will generate $19.5 million in new tax revenues.Boston is a leader in affordable housing approximately 19 percent of the Citys housing stock is set aside as deed-restricted housing. To continue to provide housing equity, it is critical that all of these units remain affordable. This year, the City was able to preservenearly 1,200 units of affordable housing that were at risk of being converted to market-rate housing. The goal for preservation of affordable housing is to preserve 1,000 units of at risk housing annually.Since the launch of Mayor Walshs housing plan: 24,454 new units have been permitted, representing $13.9 billion in development investment and 25,700 construction jobs created. When complete, these developments will be enough to house 48,600 new residents, and begin to relieve pressure on rents in existing housing. 4,649 new income-restricted units have been permitted, of which 2,234 are targeted to low income households. There are an additional 4,240 deed-restricted units in the Citys development pipeline For moderate- and middle-income households, 7,799 units have been permitted. 2,415 of these are income-restricted, while 5,384 are units that, while not income restricted, are expected to be affordable to middle income households based on market analysis.Given that Boston Planning & Development Agency approved 5,776 housing units in 2017, it is expected that the 2018 will be another strong year for new housing permits."
Faneuil Hall, one of the most historically significant buildings in Boston, will undergo a major renovation, which includes:To accommodate the renovation, Faneuil Hall will close to the public onSunday, December 31at 6p.m. and will reopen in spring of 2018.Faneuil Hall last underwent a major renovation in 1990-91.Faneuil Hall Marketplace, adjacent to historic Faneuil Hall, that includes historic Quincy Market and the North and South Market buildings, remains open.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from QMG Huntington LLCto demolish buildings located at 252-254 and 256-258 Huntington Avenue in Boston, MA 02115.We post each complete Demo Delayapplication as it is received to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on January 5, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a set of tips and guidelines in advance of this week's forecast of bitterly cold weather. Forecasters are predicting low temperatures throughout the week with the coldest periodWednesdaynight intoThursdaymorning andThursdaynight intoFridaymorning. With the wind chill, frostbite can occurwithin 30 minutes.""We want to make make sure each and every Boston resident will be safe and warm when bitterly cold weather arrives this week,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""In times like these, it's vital for residents to look out for one another, and I encourage all Bostonians to reach out to the City if they or their neighbors need help this winter season. City workers will be constantly vigilant to ensure the safety of all.""Mayor Walsh asks all residents to take precautions and exercise care during the low temperatures. He encourages residents to check on neighbors who are elderly or disabled be mindful of homeless individuals who may need assistance and practice caution with space heaters. Homelessness services are also available onBoston.gov. For those needing a warm place to visit during the day, Boston Centers for Youth & Families community centers are open. Locations and hours can befound here.For emergency alerts, including cold-weather alerts, residents are encouraged to sign up forAlert Boston. For questions or additional information, call the City's resident services hotline,311, or visitboston.gov/cold. Follow the City on Twitter for additional information and safety tips:@BOS311and@CityofBoston.Key safety tips include:Preventing Hypothermia and FrostbiteDress for the weather:Wear several layers of loose-fitting, lightweight, warm clothing rather than one layer of heavy clothing. Outer garments should be tightly woven and water repellent.Wear mittens over gloves layering works for your hands as well.Always wear a hat and cover your mouth with a scarf to protect your lungs. Dress children warmly and set reasonable time limits on outdoor play.Restrict infants' outdoor exposure when it is colder than 40 degrees Fahrenheit.Watch for signs of frostbite:These include loss of feeling and white or pale appearance in extremities such as fingers, toes, ear lobes, and the tip of the nose.If symptoms are detected, get medical help immediately.Watch for signs of hypothermia:These include uncontrollable shivering, memory loss, disorientation, incoherence, slurred speech, drowsiness and apparent exhaustion.If you or someone you know shows any of these symptoms, get in touch with a healthcare provider immediately. If symptoms are severe, call 911.Heating SafetyNever try to heat your home using a charcoal or gas grill, the kitchen stove, or other product not specifically designed as a heater. These can cause a fire or produce dangerous levels of carbon monoxide very quickly. Using faulty or improper heating sources is the number two cause of home fires in Massachusetts.Have your heating system cleaned and checked annually.Install and maintain smoke alarms and carbon monoxide detectors on every level of your home. Carbon monoxide (CO) is an invisible gas produced whenever any fuel is burned. Common sources include oil or gas furnaces, water heaters, fireplaces, stoves, and some space heaters. It has no smell, taste, or color. It is a poison and is deadly.Vulnerable PopulationsIf you see homeless and vulnerable individuals out in the cold who appear immobile, disoriented or underdressed for the cold, please call 911.The Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) coordinates a city-wide network of emergency shelters, outreach providers, city agencies and first responders to assist those in need of shelter.Boston's emergency shelters are open 24 hours and will accept any person in need. Men can access shelter at the112 Southampton StreetShelter, and women should go to the Woods-Mullen Shelter at794 Massachusetts Ave. BPHC and the City are working closely with shelter providers in the city to ensure that no client is without shelter, food, resources, and a warm respite from the cold.During extreme cold weather, street outreach teams operate with extended hours and provide mobile outreach vans on the streets in the evening and throughout the day.Heat Guidelines for Property Owners and TenantsIn accordance with the Massachusetts State Sanitary Code, the heating season officially begins onSeptember 15and runs throughJune 15. Property owners must heat habitable spaces at a minimum temperature of 68 between7 a.m. and 11:00 p.m.and 64 between11:01 p.m. and 6:59 a.m.In case of emergency, property owners are encouraged to keep a list of licensed contractors (electrician, plumber and general contractor) on file. Tenants experiencing problems with their heating system should check the thermostat, ensure the dial is turned on, and report insufficient or no heat problems to the property owner or manager immediately.If your landlord or property manager is unresponsive, contact the Inspectional Services Department (ISD) at(617) 635-5300to file a complaint, or call 311.Tips to keep water flowing and pipes unfrozen during extreme coldThe Boston Water and Sewer Commission recommends that during the upcoming cold snap homeowners remember the words locate, insulate, and circulate.Locate a home's main water shut off valve, and learn how to use it. Should a frozen pipe burst, shutting the main valve quickly will minimize flooding and property damage.Insulate pipes in unheated areas like basements, garages and crawl spaces. Use inexpensive hardware store materials to prevent pipes from freezing and to keepwarmwater flowing.Circulate warm air around pipes by keeping cabinet doors open. Circulate a trickle of tap water through pipes duringextremecold to help prevent them freezing up.Locate your water meter, protect it from drafts, and make sure basement doors and windows are shut tight.If pipes do freeze, slow thaw with a hair dryer. If water is lost in all taps, call BWSC 24-hour Emergency Assistance Line at617-989-7000.  Increasing Home Energy EfficiencyDisconnect water hose from the home.Wrap or cover exposed spigots.Caulk or putty windows.Ensure kitchen and bathroom dampers close properly.Close all storm windows and doors.Apply weather stripping.Properly insulate all pipes that are exposed.Cover vents.Install insulated or heavy drapes to keep cold drafts from coming in.Don't forget to close the damper to wood burning fireplace after each use. Consider a chimney balloon if you don't have a damper.For more energy efficiency tips for your home, call Renew Boston at 617-635-SAVE (7283).Emergency Home RepairIncome eligible homeowners and Boston's seniors can receive assistance with winter emergencies and repairs, such as fixing storm damage, leaking roofs, furnaces and leaking/frozen pipes. For assistance, residents should call the Mayor's hotline at 311 or the Boston Home Center at 617-635-HOME (4663). A grant up to $5,000 is available for income eligible senior homeowners to ease unexpected financial burdens caused by an emergency situation with their home.In addition, the Mayor's Seniors Save program helps income eligible elders replace old, inefficient heating systems with a new brand new heating system even before a catastrophic failure occurs during the cold winter months. Seniors can also call 311 or the Boston Home Center at (617) 635-HOME (4663)to be connected with a City staffer to provide additional details.Emergency OperationsThe City of Boston Office of Emergency Management (OEM) remains in constant contact with the National Weather Service to receive detailed forecasts for the City of Boston. It also ensures each City department has a plan in place to handle the forecast. If the storm warrants, the City's Emergency Operations Center will be activated and City representatives will coordinate response and recovery efforts.Year round, OEM conducts preparedness seminars to educate the public on the importance of having an emergency preparedness plan and a bag of emergency supplies in the event that Boston residents have to shelter in place or leave their residence.Residents who sign up for notifications will receive a message from the City about winter storms and extreme cold weather. This notification system also alerts residents when a snow emergency/parking ban is in effect and when it is being lifted.###"
The City of Boston will accept prepayment of 2018 third-quarter property taxes as follows:1 City Hall SquareWindow M-30Boston, MA 02201-2004P.O. Box 9711Boston, MA 02114-9711The amount of payment can be estimated by using the amount billed on the second quarter (November) invoice. This could result in a credit on your account which will then be applied to your fourth-quarter billing. If your payment is less than what you are billed on your actual invoice, you will be responsible to make the additional payment by the due date of February 1, 2018.Online payment of third-quarter property taxes will not be available until invoices are issued in January 2018.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh in partnership with the Boston Transportation Department and MBTA today announced the successful completion of testing done on an exclusive bus lane on Washington Street from Roslindale Village to Forest Hills Station. As a result of the success of the testing conducted during the morning commute, a multi-week pilot program is being planned for implementation next spring. Over 60 percent of all individuals' travel in this corridor results from buses, which includes 10 different routes. The exclusive bus lane was also shared with riders on bicycles.""The testing of an exclusive lane for use by MBTA buses, school buses and bicycles on Washington Street in Roslindale was well received by both bus riders and cyclists,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Observations made during the test runs, as well as feedback from the community, will help us to design a comprehensive pilot program to determine thebenefits of an exclusive bus and bike lane on this busy street.""Testing took place on Tuesday, December 12, and Tuesday, December 19, from5 AM to 9 AM.The inbound parking lane on Washington Street, between Roslindale Village and Forest Hills, was separated from general traffic through the use of 135 orange traffic cones that were placed temporarily along an approximately 1.5 mile stretch of Washington Street. Numerous MBTA buses and Boston Public Schools buses, along with a steady stream of cyclists, took advantage of the congestion-free exclusive lane to reach Forest Hills.""Prioritizing buses between Roslindale Village and Forest Hills is a priority project outlined in Go Boston 2030, the City of Boston's long-term transportation plan,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. ""It is one of many new projects and policies being explored in an effort to ensure that Boston's streets welcome all users of the roadway safely, effectively and equitably. Examples of Go Boston 2030 initiatives that have recently been implemented or are underway include two new Neighborhood Slow Streets programs in Jamaica Plain and Dorchester, traffic safety improvements along Kneeland Street in Chinatown, and the construction of a new parking protected bike lane on Beacon Street in the Back Bay.""""The MBTA is pleased to be working with the City of Boston to try a bus-only lane during the morning rush hour in Roslindale,"" said Transportation Secretary and CEO Stephanie Pollack. ""The trial run of the dedicated lane will help the City evaluate data as officials try to balance the needs of MBTA customers on buses, people who park along Washington Street and people who drive, to ensure there is a fair allotment of street space between them. Our hope is that we'll be able to find a way to make our buses work more efficiently, to give our current passengers better service and to attract new bus riders. The MBTA is striving to improve service, be a great collaborator, try pilots, and if they work, try to implement them.""The bus lane test runs took place on Tuesdays to correspond with an existing street cleaning regulation that already prohibits parking on Washington Street in the early morning hours. A temporary ""Tow Zone, No Stopping"" regulation extended the prohibition through9 AM.Flyers were distributed, temporary signs were posted and variable message boards announcing the initiative were placed on site in advance of the two Tuesdays to ensure neighborhood and commuter notification. Construction work at the location was restricted during the impacted hours. BTD, MBTA and BPS staff was on Washington Street for the duration of the two test runs to witness the impacts of the exclusive lane first hand, and to ensure that people using all modes of traffic were accommodated.Planning for the spring pilot program will include more in depth evaluation of the effectiveness of the exclusive lane. Roslindale residents and other community members are strongly encouraged to participate in the upcoming planning process."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) Director Brian Golden today joined Related Beal to break ground on Innovation Square (iSQ) in the Raymond L. Flynn Marine Park and announced that Mass Innovation Labs, a biotech research accelerator, will anchor the first two floors, approximately 54,000 square feet, of the new life sciences development.""Innovation Square will further position Boston as a leader in the life sciences industry, attracting new companies and a range of job opportunities to benefit Boston residents and the region,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am pleased to welcome Mass Innovation Labs to the Raymond L. Flynn Marine Park, building on our work to fuel this area of the South Boston Waterfront with economic activity.""iSQ, is a phased, 375,000 rentable square foot, research and development life science campus. It is the first new construction, multi-tenant lab building in the Raymond L. Flynn Marine Park on the South Boston Waterfront. Construction of Phase I, which consists of a four story, 125,000 rentable square foot R&D building, is expected to be completed in 2019. Related Beal, with its partner Kavanagh Advisory Group, signed a long term ground lease with the BPDA and closed construction loan financing for the development with East Boston Savings Bank. Once complete, Innovation Square will boost 900 jobs.Founded in 2015, Mass Innovation Labs offers flexible lab space solutions to help life sciences companies at various stages reach their next milestones. The company's success in Cambridge's Kendall Square has continued to evolve and the progression of customers such as Editas Medicine and CRISPR Therapeutics has fueled the need to expand to Boston, including iSQ. This week, Mass Innovation Labs also announced plans to open a facility in Brighton.""It's incredible to have witnessed the growth of Mass Innovation Labs over the past two years -- both from a brand perspective as well as seeing firsthand the progress our customers have made by utilizing our services to advance and streamline their workflows,"" said Amrit Chaudhuri, CEO and co-founder of Mass Innovation Labs. ""With our recent expansion to Innovation Square, we're excited to be one of the first companies to participate in the long-term vision of the Eastern Seaport.""Located at6 Tide Street, on the corner of Tide Street and Northern Avenue, iSQ is designed to meet today's flexible research and development requirements, including robust infrastructure and business amenities. The development will include a collaboration center, fitness center, interior bike storage, ample parking with electric vehicle charging stations, and green space. Innovation Square features an on-site MBTA Silver Line stop.""Mass Innovation Labs is the perfect tenant to kickoff iSQ,"" said Stephen Faber, Executive Vice President with Related Beal. ""They nurture innovative, entrepreneurial, high growth organizations with the potential to create a substantial economic engine for Boston and the Commonwealth. We believe the Raymond L. Flynn Marine Park in the Eastern Seaport has all of the ingredients to be the next great life science cluster.""Boston has become a leader in the life sciences industries and will host the2018 BIO International Convention in June."
Over the next several weeks we will be updating our requirements and permits to reflect those changes but in the meantime you can reference NFPA 1 2015edition on the NFPA's website.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services and the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) today announced the City of Boston will expand the Boston Post-Overdose Response Team (PORT) thanks to a $150,000 award from the Massachusetts Department of Public Health (DPH).The City will enhance the team of public health advocates, harm reduction specialists and first responders, connecting with individuals and families through in-person, home-based outreach following an overdose. The recently-awarded funds will be used to improve coordination between agencies, expand the team's hours to reach even more Boston residents, and monitor and evaluate the program's effectiveness.""All of us have a role in addressing the opioid epidemic. It takes local officials, first responders and members of the community to work together to implement solutions that will make a real difference, especially for those battling a substance use disorder,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We're grateful for this funding that will help Boston lead the way in fighting the opioid epidemic by enhancing direct outreach and getting more people into treatment and on the road to recovery.""In the first 12 months of the program, Boston PORT made almost 200 follow-up visits to homes of individuals who experienced an overdose in 14 different neighborhoods. The visits have resulted in multiple substance use disorder treatment placements, improved access to family recovery support services, and provided 100 overdose prevention and naloxone (Narcan) trainings.""Creating overdose response teams like Boston PORT is one of our recommendations for mayors and policy makers across the country,"" said Director of the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services Jen Tracey. ""It is fundamental to meet people where they are, whether providing support and resources, or addressing conditions of use. Boston PORT is sometimes the first point of contact to engage people in community health services, and we are glad to continue to make it happen with this new funding.""BPHC is one of the three organizations and the only health department selected to support the post-overdose follow-up program. Boston PORT builds on the Fighting Addiction in the Hub (FAITH) Initiative, a cross-sector collaboration which convened BPHC and first-responder agencies to develop a program that provides Boston residents a supportive, informational encounter to introduce recovery services, provide overdose prevention education, and treatment referrals.""Boston PORT has already had measurable impact on our neighborhoods. Along with colleagues from Boston Police and Boston Fire Departments, our public health staff have been helping people find the services they need when they need them, and linking people to a continuum of services that exist across the City,"" said BPHC Executive Director Monica Valdes Lupi, JD, MPH. ""Preventing and treating substance use disorders is one of BPHC's strategic priorities, and we are exploring new ways to make it easier for residents access critical services.""The Boston Fire Department's Employee Assistance Program (EAP)is the primary first-responder partner for Boston PORT, delivering the in-person intervention in collaboration with BPHC's Bureau of Recovery Services. This group was selected by Boston Fire Department Commissioner Joseph E. Finnfor their knowledge and experience in working with the substance use disorder continuum of care and treatment system. The Boston Police Department and Boston EMS are also joint partners of Boston PORT, providing additional outreach and support as needed.""The Boston Fire Department's primary mission is to save lives. The Post-Overdose Response Team (PORT) continues to support this mission,"" said Fire Commissioner Joseph E. Finn. ""One of PORT's most valuable tools in combating the opioid crisis has been the inclusion of the Boston Fire Department Employee Assistance Program's 'Knock and Talk' initiative where trained firefighters bring counseling and support services to the overdose situation. This initiative is literally saving lives and making a significant impact on the opioid epidemic in Boston.""In 2016, 207 Boston residents died from opioid-related overdoses, according to the Massachusetts Department of Public Health (DPH). Over half of all fatal overdoses in 2016 and year-to-date 2017 occur in homes across all Boston neighborhoods. This program allows an opportunity for public health advocates and first responders to provide overdose prevention education to Boston residents who may not be engaged in services and offer access to a range of recovery support services, including treatment.""BPHC, Boston Fire and Boston Police all battle this fatal disease daily,"" said Kim Hanton, director of Addiction Services at North Suffolk Mental Health Association. ""This grant provides an opportunity to enhance the PORT by guiding unity, common language and expanding access to resources. We look forward to support this team by providing training and technical assistance, and promoting interdepartmental common understanding.""This award continues Boston's goals to ensure all residents have access to the substance use treatment and support they need. In 2015, Mayor Walsh created theMayor's Office of Recovery Services, which works closely with BPHC, other City of Boston departments, state and federal agencies, local service providers, and community networks to build and support recovery services throughout the City.Since 2015, Mayor Walsh has made substantial investments in response to the opioid crisis, spending at least $14.1 million on services such as residential substance use treatment programs, resources and referrals, risk reduction and overdose prevention, and outpatient treatment. New initiatives have included expanding the staff and hours of the City's access to care program (PAATHS), adding a street outreach team and engagement center for individuals in heavily impacted areas, increasing the capacity of the citywide syringe clean up team, and launching 24/7 recovery support through 311."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Douglas Stefanovto demolish the single-story commercial building and stable located at 75 G Street in South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on January 2, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
We all have a story of stuff, heading to the store to get things we need and pitching out or passing on things we are done with. What if rather than throwing out so much, you were able to share it with a neighbor instead? Or find that weird item you need?The Buy Nothing project is a community-based initiative that arose organically to meet this need. With over twenty groups in Boston neighborhoods today and growing, this initiative gives people a way to lend, share, and express gratitude as part of a network in which true wealth is web of connections formed between people who are real-life neighbors.One of the most active groups in Boston, Buy Nothing Jamaica Plain (JP), has over 2,000 members and averages over 150 posts a day. Postings are managed on Facebook. Items and requests run the gamut from the personal - wedding dresses - to the artistic - bugs carcasses to be crafted into jewelry - to the weird.But, the best offerings according to member Julie are neighborly gestures of care. For example, when a new member moved to the neighborhood from Puerto Rico, members rallied to help them get set up. And, when a parents kid needed bones and teeth for a school presentation, over 100 neighbors responded with ones in all shapes and sizes.Ive met so many of my neighbors that I would have never met if it were not for this project, says Jamie, Buy Nothing JP member. When I look around my home, I am reminded of all of the generous gifts the group has given me.The group also occasionally invites its members to think about what they buy with challenges like a seven day buy nothing challenge. Could you go for seven days without visiting the store?These exercises give people the opportunity to examine their lifestyle and tap into their community of neighbors in new ways. Sharing in community is such a big part of the group that neighbors who were once strangers are gathering this December for a Buy Nothing neighborhood holiday party.How do reuse and sharing fit your story of stuff? Both practices are a part of the citys journey towards zero waste. Waste less, live better, and make new friends. Will you join us?This post is part of the Zero Waste Boston initiative. If youd like to follow along as we discuss the ins and outs of going zero waste, you can subscribe to our general email listhere. If you would like to receive periodic updates about the more technical side of the municipal waste management planning process,sign up here.
Though the Mayor's office initiated the Christmas package project, local neighborhood and civic organizations pitched in. The above clipping from the West Roxbury Transcript notes that the Lebanese Syrian Ladies Aid Society, the Kiwanis Club, the American Legion, and various veterans organizations joined together tosend packages to servicemenfrom their neighborhoods.Bostonians of all ages wrote to the Mayors Office to ask that their loved ones be sent a package. Georgetta Mables from Jamaica Plain sent the above letter asking for a package for her older brother.A family from Dorchester asked for a package for their 19-year-old son. They wrote, We are very grateful for any small token that lets him know that he and his buddies are not forgotten.Though many people requestedpackages for family members, other Bostonians wrote letters on behalf of their friends. The above letter asks for a package to be sent to a young man who did not have living parents. The letter writer wrote, I doubt he will be receiving many Christmas gifts. I think he is most deserving.To learn more about Boston during the Vietnam War, you can contact the City Archives at archives@boston.gov.
Weve already talked a lot about our work this year. The Digital Team created the Citys first pattern library, Fleet, to help us stay consistent with our digital tools. Our outreach work amplified City campaigns, including Help for Houston and Boston Preservation Month. Thanks to our work with the Office of Food Access, those in need can find food resources in multiple languages with the help of our maps. Were still working on the redesign of BOS:311. But, weve already put in place a machine learning system that we hope will create a more intuitive experience.This is just the tip of the iceberg, though. The Digital Team was involved in a ton of projects this year that made a difference in our community. Thanks to the nature of our work, weve been able to make an impact both with City departments and in the lives of the people we serve.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with the Boston Art Commission and MLK Boston, today released aRequest for Qualifications (RFQ)for an artist to create a memorial dedicated to Martin Luther King, Jr. and Coretta Scott King in Boston.""A memorial honoring Martin Luther King, Jr. and Coretta Scott King will stand as a symbol of our commitment to fulfilling Dr. King's dream each and every day,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""From their education in Boston, to Dr. King's time preaching at Twelfth Baptist Church in Roxbury, to his march to the Boston Common, the Kings' footprints left a remarkable impression on the City of Boston and its people. This memorial will be a great way to recognize their influence on the City and to emphasize our continued effort to make Boston a place where all people have equal opportunities.""MLK Boston is a new non-profit organization partnering with the City of Boston to create a world-class memorial for Boston that highlights Coretta Scott King's and Martin Luther King, Jr.'s impact and connection to the City.A key goal of the memorial is to serve as a call to action that compels the community to confront racial and economic inequality, discrimination, immigration and other relevant social justice issues.""As someone who grew up in Boston, I was always aware of Dr. King's work and still look to his words for inspiration today,"" said entrepreneur and founder and co-chair of MLK Boston, Paul English. ""I am delighted to participate on a team from across the city to memorialize his work, and to think about what he would be working on if he were still with us.""MLK Boston is hosting a community meeting onJanuary 8, 2018 at 5:30 p.m.in the Piemonte Room on the fifth floor of Boston City Hall, where the public will be invited to share their thoughts and ideas for the memorial.""One of the most exciting aspects of the MLK Boston memorial planning process to me is the ongoing effort for the robust engagement of the entire city,"" said Reverend Liz Walker, co-chair of MLK Boston. ""Through community meetings with the involvement of churches and other institutions, educational enrichment projects in the public schools, and social media, we want to make sure everyone in the city has real input in this historical effort. That is one of the most meaningful ways we can honor Dr. King. MLK Boston will be remembered as the people's project.""The international RFQ is open to all artists, architects, landscape architects, or design teams with experience in public art, site responsive design, project management, and construction administration. Artists from the Boston area are encouraged to apply. The location of the memorial has not yet been determined.The deadline torespond to the RFQisWednesday, February 28, 2018by12:00 am EST. The applications will be reviewed by a selection committee, and up to five artists will be invited to develop design proposals. Each of the five finalists will receive a $5,000 stipend for developing design proposals.""Using arts and culture as a vehicle for dialogue within city-wide conversations about race and class divisions in Boston was one of the goals identified in the Boston Creates cultural plan,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. ""I can't think of a better way to advance this dialogue than to commemorate the person who serves as such an inspiration to so many of us as a champion of civil rights.""For more information on the project, visitthe website here.MLK Boston is a new non-profit working closely with the City of Boston to bring a world-class MLK Memorial to Boston, and to sponsor local events and discussions to bring his words to life. It is co-chaired by Paul English and Liz Walker, and Robin Powell Mandjes serves as the Executive Director. MLK Boston consists of an Art Committee that is responsible for selecting the artist for the memorial, and a Development Committee that is responsible for raising funds for the memorial. For more information, go to:www.mlkboston.orgThe Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include implementing the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates commissioning public art, managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information go to:www.boston.gov/departments/arts-and-cultureThe Boston Art Commission (BAC), an independent board of arts leaders charged with the care and custody of all artworks on City of Boston property, advocates for the creation of innovative and transformative art and promotes its accessibility to enrich the lives of Boston's diverse citizens and visitors. The Art Commission advises, supports, and consults with artists and communities, City departments, and others. It commissions, approves, and conserves the City of Boston's collection of art and historical artifacts. For more information, go to:www.publicartboston.com"
"Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Worcester Mayor Joseph M. Petty, Hartford Mayor Luke Bronin, and Providence Mayor Jorge O. Elorza today announced in partnership with Boston Police Commissioner William Evans, and New England physicians and medical professionals a first-in-the-nation coordinated gun buyback day in their four cities onDecember 16. The day marks a remembrance of the victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting, which happened five years agoThursday.""Plain and simple: guns have taken the lives of too many people here in Boston, in our Commonwealth, in New England, and in this country,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Cities are banding together and stepping up with initiatives to decrease gun violence in our neighborhoods, which is important. With that in mind, we also encourage anyone with a firearm that is in a vulnerable situation or state-of-mind to take advantage of this gun buyback partnership and help us save lives on the streets and in homes.""""For the men and women of the Boston Police Department, the mission has always been clear, and one less gun can mean one less tragedy,"" said Boston Police Commissioner Evans. ""My officers work hard each and every day to make our city a safer place by taking guns off our streets and out of our communities. Help us continue to make our cities and our regionsafer by turning in a gun.""Medical professionals led by Michael Hirsh, M.D., surgeon-in-chief at Children's Medical Center at UMass Memorial Medical Center and Medical Director for the City of Worcester Department of Public Health, joined the efforts of other medical professionals to decrease youth violence and take guns off the streets by raising funds within their local health care organizations and hosting coordinated buyback days throughout Massachusetts, Connecticut, and Rhode Island.""We need to stop talking about guns solely in terms of public safety. There are over thirty-thousand gun deaths in America every year, but two-thirds of those deaths are suicides. Suicides are not a symptom of public safety, but of public health and mental health.Many of those suicide guns are unsecured and often unwanted,"" said Doctor Hirsh. ""My fellow trauma surgeons and I see the results of unsecured guns every day."" ""As I trauma surgeon, I all too often see the deadly effects of gun access and the insurmountable toll it takes on victims, their families and those who treat them,"" said Peter Masiakos, director of pediatric trauma services at MassGeneral Hospital for Children. ""Using our collective power, physicians and political leaders have a responsibility to address the public health crisis that is gun violence. This is an opportunity to safely rid our streets on unwanted weapons and save lives.""Boston Police Department's gun buyback program, ""Piece for Peace,"" is a proactive campaign to take guns off Boston's streets. The buyback program asks city residents to turn-in guns at designated drop-off locations citywide in return for a $100 Visa gift card. The ""no questions asked"" program allows individuals to anonymously dispose of firearms without fear of charges for illegal possession when turning in the weapon. BPD hopes to distribute more than $15,000 in gift cardstomorrow, thanks to funding provided by MassGeneral Hospital for Children and the Massachusetts General Physicians Organization, Boston Children's Hospital and Boston Medical Center.For locations and information on the Boston Police Department's gun buyback efforts this weekend,please click here.In 2014, Mayor Walsh started the New England Regional Gun Summit that brings together city leaders from across New England to work collaboratively in sharing strategies to reduce gun violence and the trafficking of illegal firearms. The regional partnership focuses on collaboration and open dialogue on the reality of gun violence in our cities. Dr. Hirsch, Mayor Petty, Mayor Bronin, Mayor Elorza and others from cities big and small across New England, are participants in the gun summit which has led to several regional initiatives and events, including the development of gun buyback programs in other cities. ""An unsecured gun is not just a public safety issue, it's a public health issue,"" said Mayor Joseph M. Petty. ""We need to provide an outlet for people to get unwanted and unsecured guns out of the home safely. I am proud to stand with my fellow mayors and the medical professionals in New England to address the issue of gun safety.""""I'm proud to join Hartford's medical community and our Police Department in this regional effort to get guns out of homes safely,"" said Hartford Mayor Luke Bronin.""Gun violence is both a public safety issue and a public health issue, and we're fortunate to have longstanding partnerships aimed at reducing the number of guns in our community.""""Any effort to curb gun violence is a step in the right direction considering the tragedies that have claimed innocent lives across the country,"" said Providence Mayor Jorge O. Elorza. ""Providence stands with nearby cities and towns declaring that one life lost to gunfire is too many. We're proud to join a regional movement to rid our streets of weapons that have shattered families and communities.""""An unsecured gun in a home is a danger to everyone who lives and visits,"" said Dr. David Shapiro, chief, surgical critical care vice chairman, surgery service line and interim chief quality officer at Saint Francis Hospital and Medical Center. ""By collecting guns that people don't want in their homes, we are proactively reducing the threat of an innocent person being harmed by that weapon. Unsafe handling and unsecured guns are a public health concern. We participate in a wide array of programs to decrease injury-buybacks and safety events are one important component.""""We are proud to participate in this regional gun buyback initiative,"" said Brendan Campbell, M.D., M.P.H., medical director of pediatric trauma at Connecticut Children's Medical Center in Hartford. ""We encourage anyone with an unwanted firearm in their home to exchange it for a gift card, so that it won't be an opportunity for criminals or a curious child. We also remind gun owners of the critical importance of storing firearms safely and securely.""Each city will be holding its buyback onDecember 16thbut with hours, reimbursement rates, and locations varying between cities.Funded by District Attorney Joseph Early and UMass Memorial Hospital, the Worcester Goods for Guns Buyback has grown over the last sixteen years to include twenty-four cities and towns in Central Massachusetts. As well as accepting all firearms the Goods for Guns buyback also accepts replica and toy guns as well as handing out trigger locks.In Hartford, the 9th Annual St. Francis Buyback Day has been moved to coincide with the regional gun buyback initiative onDecember 16. The Hartford effort has been led by doctors David Shapiro and Brendan Campbell of Saint Francis Hospital and Connecticut Children's Medical Center.In the City of Providence's buyback initiative is sponsored by Hasbro Children's Hospital's The 4-Safety Program, a partnership between Hasbro Children's and Dunkin' Donuts, together with the Providence Police Department, and the office of the Providence Public Safety Commissioner. Weapons can be brought to the Providence Housing Authority at50 Laurel Ave. between9 a.m. and 1 p.m.For more information, contact Andrea Cheli, 4-Safety Program Coordinator at401-444-0379or4safety@lifespan.org."
The Boston Tea Party Reenactment celebrating the 244th anniversary of this historic event, the North End Christmas Parade and the Hannukah Vehicle Procession will impact traffic and parking in the City of Boston on Saturday, Sunday, and Tuesday, December 16, 17 and 19, 2017. Those attending these events are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.Saturday, December 16The Boston Tea Party Reenactment will begin at the Old South Meeting House at 6:30 PM. At 7:30 PM a parade will kick off at the Old South Meeting House and proceed to Washington Street, left onto Milk Street, right onto Pearl Street, left onto Atlantic Avenue, proceeding right onto the Harborwalk and ending at Atlantic Wharf. Brief traffic delays may be experienced along the route.Sunday, December 17Santa will arrive by helicopter at 2:30 PM at Puopolo Park in the North End. The Christmas Parade will begin on Commercial Street at Puopolo Park at 3 PM. The parade will proceed on Commercial Street from Foster Street to Hull Street, ending at the Steriti Skating Rink. Traffic delays may be experienced along the route. In addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 8AM to 4 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tuesday, December 19The Hannukah Vehicle Procession taking place in the vicinity of Chesnut Hill Avenue and Dighton Street in Brighton may result in brief traffic delays. In addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Tuesday 3 PM to 9 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.-###-
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the members of the2018 Mayor's Youth Council, a group of 85 high school-aged youth committed to improving their communities and empowering other young people in the City. The Mayor's Youth Council (MYC) advises Mayor Walsh and members of his administration on policy and programming, and were selected following an extensive application and interview process.""Boston's young people have a unique voice and perspective in our City, and I'm pleased to welcome our newest members of the Youth Council,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are committed to making policy decisions that improve the lives of everyone in our City, and I look forward to gaining the feedback and advice of our youngest advisors.""Members of the MYC come from all across Boston and attend a variety of public, parochial, private and alternative schools. The MYC is a year-round commitment, and members devote eight to 13 hours a month to meetings, events, projects and outreach. The number of youth representing each neighborhood is based upon census data that indicates where young people live in Boston.MYC representatives form issue-centric subcommittees based on input from youth and Mayor Walsh's cabinet structure. The current committees include: Arts & Culture, Education & Youth Engagement, Youth Lead the Change, Civic Engagement, Workforce & Economic Development, and Public Health & Safety. Twelve directors and deputy directors were voted in by their peers to lead the Council's committees.""I chose to apply to the Mayor's Youth Council because I believe in the power, creativity, and willingness to achieve major change that this generation has to offer,"" said Ashawn Dabney-Small, who represents Dorchester and is the Director of Arts & Culture Committee. ""I believe that the Mayor's Youth Council gives this generation a voice to speak out and be the change that we wish to see in the world.""In the past year, members of the MYC have worked on a variety of issues related to public safety, participatory budgeting, and civic engagement. The MYC provided feedback to the MBTA on their 5-year plan for transportation in Massachusetts (GoBoston 2030) guided the community input process for how the City of Boston spends $1 million of the City budget through""Youth Lead the Change""participatory budgeting and led many discussions around current issues and events.The leaders of the MYC shared their collective thoughts on the importance of the MYC.""The governing body of the Mayor's Youth Council believes that civic engagement and participatory budgeting are the best way for youth to effect change,"" said the MYC Youth Board of Directors.""Understanding that we will inherit Boston, we've been elected by our peers to lead the change that we seek. We know that enacting global change is hard, so we're starting with Boston and are happy to represent Boston's youth in this mission.""The MYC is overseen byBoston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF)Division of Youth Engagement & Employment. Northeastern University is a longtime sponsor.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Boston's largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayor's Summer Jobs Program."
"As part of the Walsh Administration's commitment to improve schools, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a set of milestones reached in the improvements being made to three schools in the Boston Public School system. The three schools include: Carter School, Boston Arts Academy and the Josiah Quincy Upper School.The Walsh Administration has put a renewed focus on maximizing the Massachusetts School Building Authority (MSBA) as a resource for improving facilities. Since 2014, the City has secured funding for 12 repair projects throughout the District, with six more projects going into construction in the summer of 2018 and 2019. This in addition to moving forward with the Dearborn STEM Academy in Roxbury. Including today's action by the MSBA Board, the City has been approved for grants totaling up to $112 million since 2014.""It's important that we provide the best education for our students, in the best learning environment,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These steps taken by the MSBA are significant in ensuring that we are able to update and modernize school facilities for the benefit of our students and educators. I thank the Board for their votes, and look forward to moving forward with these projects to create 21st century learning environments for all of our students.""As a result of approval from a MSBA Board vote, the Boston Arts Academy (BAA) is able to move forward with setting the scope, schedule and cost for a new school, marking a major milestone in the MSBA process. The City will receive upwards of $48 million in reimbursement from the state for the $124 million project. The new facility is designed to accommodate 500 students in academics and five arts majors, including: theatre, dance, music, design and visual communications (visual arts) and fashion technology.In addition to the typical classrooms and science labs required at any high school, the new BAA will feature a 500-seat auditorium/theater space with proscenium stage and scene shop, a 200 seat black box theater, four new dance studios, visual arts studios, a recording studio, choral room and a 150 seat recital/lecture hall.Other projects that received approval as part of the MSBA vote include the Carter School, which was approved to be invited into an Eligibility Period, the first step in the MSBA construction process to determine preliminary requirements and eligibility. The Josiah Quincy Upper School will move forward with the extension of a feasibility study to allow the City and MSBA the ability to continue collaborative efforts in determining potential locations for the new school facility.""Improvement projects like these make an important difference in our students' lives by providing them 21stcentury learning environments where their minds and dreams can flourish,"" said BPS Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""I am grateful to the MSBA for its support of our efforts to create world-class facilities, and bring our BuildBPS framework to life in classrooms across the city.""Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh announced a $1 billion commitment to improve Boston's school buildings throughBuildBPS, a ten-year Educational and Facilities Master Plan for Boston Public Schools. Mayor Walsh also committed $13 million in near term investments for schools across the district through the creation of the 21st Century Schools Fund.In addition, the Dearborn STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) Academy,a $73 million construction project to create a four-story,128,000 square foot state-of-the-art learning facility ideal for 21st century, will open to students in September of 2018. The project is being reimbursed $37 million by the MSBA.Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh announced$9 million of investments for roof and boiler replacements at five schools, including Boston Latin School, James F. Condon Elementary in South Boston, John W. McCormack Middle School in Dorchester, Paul A. Dever Elementary School in Dorchester and the William E. Channing Elementary School in Hyde Park. The roof and boiler replacement project leverages nearly $6.1 million in MSBA Accelerated Repair Program, which is focused on performing energy-efficient and cost-saving upgrades, and will result in direct operational savings for the school district.Last year, Mayor Walsh invested$25.1 million for door and window replacementat seven schools, which included construction grants up to $16.4 million from the MSBA Accelerated Repair Program. This project enabled for nearly 3,000 windows to be replaced at these schools.For more information on BuildBPS, pleasevisit here."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Jacob Simmons with 5050 LLC to demolish the church located at 50 Cedar Street inRoxbury, MA 02119.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on December21, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with the Mayor's Office of Immigrant Advancement and the East Boston Greenway Council, today announced a mural honoring immigrant grandmothers has been completed in East Boston.The mural, painted by the Mayor's Mural Crew Director Heidi Schork and three assistants, was the third installment of murals dedicated to immigrants in Boston. It was spearheaded by the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement as part of the national letter writing and social media campaign, ""To Immigrants with Love.""""Immigrants are an integral part of our city, and it's their hard work, dedication and sacrifices that have made Boston the great city it is today,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm so proud to be able to honor them in this way, and I hope that this incredible work inspires other cities to do the same.""An unveiling ceremony was heldon Fridayin collaboration with the East Boston GreenwayCouncil. Mural subjects and family members gathered to stories about their grandmothers, and their ties to East Boston. State Representative of East Boston Adrian Madaro, along with Director of Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement Alejandra St. Guillen, President of East Boston Greenway Council Karen Maddalena, and Director of Mayor's Mural Crew Heidi Schork also spoke about the process and the importance of the mural's location.""This mural is a wonderful tribute to the immigrant history of East Boston, and it highlights some wonderful family stories of immigrant families from different backgrounds,"" said Mary Ellen Welch, a founding member of the East Boston Greenway Council. ""The families were delighted to share the stories of their immigrant histories.""The first two murals paintedas part of the ""To Immigrants with Love"" campaign were located in Roslindale and East Boston, and featured local immigrants who were business people, entrepreneurs, and community activists, and whose work helped shape the surrounding areas into what they are today.""This campaign showcases how immigration has been and continues to be embedded in the fabric of our city,"" said Alejandra St. Guillen, Director of the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement. ""The families and stories highlighted on this mural have an intrinsic commonality that people from all backgrounds and origins can connect with.""The idea for the third mural came as Schork was painting the first mural in East Boston. She noticed an abundance of elderly women in the area, and decided to paint a mural dedicated solely to East Boston grandmothers.Local residents were asked to submit photos of their grandmothers for the project, and many of them made it into the mural's design. Several art workshops were also held in East Boston earlier this fall, where people brought in objects that belonged to their ancestors, such as rosary beads, jewelry, and old keys. Many of those objects informed the Mural Crews' work as they were painting.Diane Barsotti submitted photos of her maternal and paternal grandmothers, and both were featured in the mural. Her maternal grandmother, whom her and her siblings referred to as ""Nonni American"", because she was the first of the grandmothers to immigrate to the United States, is depicted wearing an apron and making pasta. Her paternal grandmother, ""Nonni Italy"" is depicted in a passport photo on the table.""They would walk over this bridge almost every day, on their way to work, or shopping for groceries, or sometimes even visiting each other,"" Barsotti said. ""And they learned the streets of the little part of the city as they knew the streets of Italy. So when we found out about the mural being depicted we submitted the photographs, and we were just so honored to find out that they would be part of it. This is an amazing thing that the Mayor's Office is doing, it's just incredible.""""This mural highlights a message that is a vital goal of Boston Creates -- to create a city where all cultures are represented and treated equally,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. ""When it comes to shaping Boston's history, no one group of immigrants was more influential than the other, and this does an excellent job of showing that we all have more in common with each other than we think.""The mural is comprised of seven panels, and it measures 28 feet long by seven feet high. It is located on the East Boston Greenway under the Sumner Street overpass at the intersection of Sumner and Bremer Streets.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include implementing the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates commissioning public art, managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester.The Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement works to ensure the full participation of immigrants within the civic, economic, social and cultural life of Boston. Every year, MOIA assists over 2,000 residents by connecting them to English language classes, helping them obtain citizenship application assistance, facilitating access to city services, and providing accurate information about immigration laws, which helps immigrants contribute socially and economically to the city.""My maternal grandmother is wearing the yellow apron, and she's making homemade ravioli, which she did almost everySundayfor us while we were growing up. And the entire family would congregate at her house in a small, tiny apartment on Everett St. in East Boston. And we would have her pasta and her gravy, which were outstanding. And my paternal grandmother's passport photo is depicted on the table, so my grandmother making the ravioli immigrated to the United States first of the two. So to distinguish between the two grandmothers we would call her Nonni American, and my grandmother that was living in Italy, we would call her Nonni Italy. But they settled in East Boston and they became so familiar with the area that they never left. They would walk over this bridge almost every day, on their way to work, or shopping for groceries, or sometimes even visiting each other. And they learned the streets of the little part of the city as they knew the streets of Italy. And they would talk about going places and so when we found out about the mural being depicted we submitted the photographs, and we were just so honored to find out that they would be part of it. This is an amazing thing that the Mayor's Office is doing, it's just incredible."""
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Patrick Maloneyto demolish a one story building located at 6-8 Lincoln Street inBrighton MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on December 18, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from BerachaVehatzklachato demolish the 2-story brick office building located at 70 Leo M. Birmingham Parkway in Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on December 18, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from John Pulgini to demolish the four-family residencelocated at 56 Williams Avenue in Hyde Park, MA 02136.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on December 15, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced his second mayoral inauguration and the swearing-in of the new Boston City Council will take place on Monday, January 1, 2018 at 10 a.m. at the Cutler Majestic Theatre.Former Vice President Joe Biden will preside at the swearing-in ceremony, followed by Mayor Walsh's inaugural address that will lay out his vision and priorities for his second term.""It has been an honor to serve Boston and its residents over the past four years,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We've made great strides since 2014, but we know our work to make Boston the best city for all is nowhere near over. I look forward to building on our first term accomplishments, setting goals for our second term, and working to make this amazing city better every day. I greatly admire Vice President Biden's dedication to our country and its people. I'm so humbled that he will preside over my inauguration ceremony, and be a part of this special day.""""Mayor Walsh is a close friend and an incredible public servant,"" said Vice President Biden. ""I'm honored to be able to preside over his Inauguration next month so that he can continue his tireless work on behalf of the people of Boston.""The Inauguration ceremony will be live-streamed and broadcast online atboston.gov.Monday, January 1, 2018, at10a.m.Cutler Majestic Theatre219 Tremont St., Boston"
Dear Chairman Pai and Commissioners Clyburn, ORielly, Carr and Rosenworcel:We write to express our strong opposition to the Restoring Internet Freedom Draft Order (Proposal) to eliminate critical consumer and economic protections adopted in the 2015 Open Internet Order. A free and open Internet forms the backbone of the 21st Century economy, and as leaders of local communities we are acutely aware of the threat to education, innovation, and economic growth posed by the Proposal. We are also deeply disturbed by the Commissions efforts to preempt our ability to protect consumers and businesses in our communities. We strongly oppose this proposal, and urge the Commission to reconsider.As community leaders, we recognize the direct and substantial benefits that broadband connectivity and access to a free and open Internet have in our communities. Our economies, educational institutions, government agencies, and communities, in general, increasingly rely on broadband connectivity and the transformative power of the Internet to drive economic growth, individual and community development, and improve government service and accountability for all our citizens. Critical to our communities reliance on the Internet is the confidence that our use of the Internet is not subject to the whims, discretion, or economic incentives of gatekeeper service providers to control or manipulate the experience of Internet users. The 2015 Open Internet Order ensconced the principles of Net Neutrality, which protect and preserve this confidence, in enforceable rules grounded in the strongest legal authority, Title II. As more than 60 Mayors wrote in July, full repeal would have a particularly negative impact on middle and working-class families, while simultaneously restricting access to certain types of online content and services to those who cannot afford to pay more. The Commissions proposal appears to accept just such a result.The Commissions proposal both abandons the legal foundation for Net Neutrality rules and eliminates the rules themselves. We are certain that the Commissions proposals will fail to protect the Internet, and should be abandoned. Despite the Commissions stated support for the principles of Net Neutrality, the Commissions proposal: enables abusive gatekeeper behavior by dominant broadband providers allowing broadband providers to engage in paid prioritization schemes which rob value from local communities and stifle innovation, and threatens businesses and consumers by permitting blocking, throttling, and other interference with access to the Internet. And, because broadband affordability in low-income communities is already a significant challenge faced by communities nationwide, the Commissions proposal is certain to have a disproportionate effect on the most vulnerable.We object to the Commissions reliance on voluntary commitments from service providers and enforcement of those commitments by the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). The FCCs rules appear to contemplate a marketplace in which service providers, faced with limited or no competition, will be subject to oversight only to the extent that their conduct deviates from whatever commitments they make up-front. Moreover, the disclosure of voluntary commitments required under the Commissions new transparency rule could be changed at any time by service providers, rendering them meaningful only to the extent providers choose not to amend their promises to permit future harmful conduct. Lastly, the Commissions Proposal inadequately addresses a scenario in which an area is served by a single provider that blocks, throttles, or otherwise renders top-tier broadband service too expensive for low-income families without an alternative provider, our citizens must simply accept these practices in order to participate in our connected world. The Transparency rules described in the Proposal are a tacit admission that consumers care aboutand do not wantprovider practices that impinge their ability to access the Internet. The Commissions preference for Federal Trade Commission (FTC) enforcement means harm to the Internet and consumers must occur before the FTC can act, and then only after an elaborate and prolonged FTC proceeding. We are also not confident that the FTC can or will intervene in a timely manner so as to avoid leaving our communities without choices and without the advanced wireless services needed to prosper in todays economy. Broadband connectivity is too central to our economy, education, healthcare and culture to allow abusive practices to distort access to information as a predicate for government action. We are also troubled by the cloud of uncertainty the Commissions actions cast over the connected future in our cities. As the Commission knows, the United States has progressed in developing highly-connected communities, an effort which will accelerate even further as the technological landscape surrounding the internet of things and autonomous vehicles develops. Even as the Commissions actions cast great uncertainty on the health of the Internet ecosystem and its availability to communities often deprived of competitive choice, however, the Commission repeatedly cites the Commissions concern about uncertainty for dominant service providers. The Commissions singular focus on this particular industrys welfare is harmful to the entirety of the Internet ecosystem.Despite receiving no mention whatsoever in the Commissions Notice of Proposed Rulemaking earlier this year, the Commissions proposal seeks to compound its prioritization of the broadband industry above all others, and above local communities, by broadly preempting state and local government ability to respond to the unique challenges faced in our communities. Given the breadth of this Proposal, and the requirements of the Administrative Procedures Act, stakeholders should have been given the chance to explore and respond to new rules that appear to eliminate state and local authority to regulate nearly every important aspect of broadband service provision, likely including privacy-related rules. This is not in the public interest. Each city, town, village, county, and state in this nation is unique, and faces its own challenges in embracing the digital future.The Commissions proposal prohibits local leaders such as ourselves from protecting our constituents, businesses, and economies from abusive service provider practices. While the Commissions proposal appears content to let harms occur and trust the FTC to remedy those harms after the fact, some of our communities prefer local solutions to challenges facing our communities. The Commissions effort to preempt here, even aside from its serious legal deficiencies, represents a stark, inexplicable, and unwarranted attack on the constitutional principles that lie at the heart of our system of government. In sum, we strongly oppose the Commissions proposal. It offers carte blanche to powerful service providers but little more than promises to consumers. The Commissions approach puts those few companies ahead of millions of Americans, tens of thousands of businesses which depend on a free and open Internet, and local communities solving everyday problems Americans face. We urge the Commission to recognize, as most Americans do, the Commissions duty to protect, preserve, and enforce the strong Net Neutrality protections already in place under the 2015 Open Internet Order and its Title II regulatory framework. Anything less threatens to undermine the investment, innovation, and freedom Americans enjoy and expect online.Sincerely,Kathy Sheehan, Mayor, City of Albany, New YorkAllison Silberberg, Mayor, City of Alexandria, VirginiaSteve Adler, Mayor, City of Austin, TexasCatherine E. Pugh, Mayor, City of Baltimore, MarylandJesse Arreguin, Mayor, City of Berkeley, CaliforniaMartin J. Walsh, Mayor, City of Boston, MassachusettsMelvin Kleckner, Town Administrator, Town of Brookline, MassachusettsMiro Weinberger, Mayor, City of Burlington, VermontE. Denise Simmons, Mayor, City of Cambridge, MassachusettsDeborah Frank Feinen, Mayor, City of Champaign, IllinoisAndy Berke, Mayor, City of Chattanooga, TennesseeRahm Emanuel, Mayor, City of Chicago, IllinoisMary Casillas Salas, Mayor, City of Chula Vista, CaliforniaRobb Davis, Mayor, City of Davis, CaliforniaBoard of Supervisors, DeSoto County, MississippiLucy K. Vinis, Mayor, City of Eugene, OregonLioneld Jordan, Mayor, City of Fayetteville, ArkansasGil Ziffer, Commissioner, City of Tallahassee, Florida, President, Florida League of CitiesJud Ashman, Mayor, City of Gaithersburg, MarylandPatrick Taylor, Mayor, Town of Highlands, North CarolinaWilliam McLeod, Mayor, Village of Hoffman Estates, IllinoisSylvester Turner, Mayor, City of Houston, TexasArchibald L. Gillies, Chairman, Islesboro Board of Selectmen, Town of Islesboro, MaineDerek Dobies, Mayor, City of Jackson, MichiganSly James, Mayor, City of Kansas City, MissouriDavid Baker, Mayor, City of Kenmore, WashingtonPeter d'Errico, Chair of Select Board, Town of Leverett, MassachusettsChris Beutler, Mayor, City of Lincoln, NebraskaMark Stodola, Mayor, City of Little Rock, ArkansasEric Garcetti, Mayor, City of Los Angeles, CaliforniaRobert R. Heilman, President, Village of Mackinaw City, MichiganPaul Soglin, Mayor, City of Madison, WisconsinKathrin Sears, Chair, Marin Telecommunications Agency JPA Supervisor, Board of Supervisors, Marin County, CaliforniaJames E. Darling, Mayor, City of McAllen, TexasJim Strickland, Mayor, City of Memphis, TennesseeMark Gamba, Mayor, City of Milwaukie, OregonIsiah Leggett, County Executive, Montgomery County, MarylandMegan Barry, Mayor, Metropolitan Nashville & Davidson County, TennesseeJon Mitchell, Mayor, City of New Bedford, MassachusettsBill de Blasio, Mayor, City of New York, New YorkDavid J. Narkewicz, Mayor, City of Northampton, MassachusettsLibby Schaaf, Mayor, City of Oakland, CaliforniaH. Gregory Scharff, Mayor, City of Palo Alto, CaliforniaWilliam Peduto, Mayor, City of Pittsburgh, PennsylvaniaTed Wheeler, Mayor, City of Portland, OregonAnthony P. Falzarano, Mayor, Town of Putnam, ConnecticutTom Butt, Mayor, City of Richmond, CaliforniaByron Randolph Foley, Mayor, City of Salem, VirginiaRon Nirenberg, Mayor, City of San Antonio, TexasEdwin M. Lee, Mayor, City and County of San Francisco, CaliforniaSam Liccardo, Mayor, City of San Jose, California and Member, Federal Communications Commission Broadband Deployment Advisory CommitteePauline Russo Cutter, Mayor, City of San Leandro, CaliforniaZach Friend, Vice Chair, Santa Cruz County Board of Supervisors, Santa Cruz County, CaliforniaTed Winterer, Mayor, City of Santa Monica, CaliforniaJoanne D. Yepsen, Mayor, City of Saratoga Springs, New York and the City Council, City of Saratoga Springs, New YorkGary R. McCarthy, Mayor, City of Schenectady, New YorkJenny A. Durkan, Mayor, City of Seattle, WashingtonPatricia Smith, Mayor, City of South Portland, MaineDomenic J. Sarno, Mayor, City of Springfield, MassachusettsChristine Lundberg, Mayor, City of Springfield, OregonDavid R. Martin, Mayor, City of Stamford, ConnecticutStephanie Miner, Mayor, City of Syracuse, New YorkMarilyn Strickland, Mayor, City of Tacoma, WashingtonAndrew D. Gillum, Mayor, City of Tallahassee, FloridaDiane Wolfe Marlin, Mayor, City of Urbana, IllinoisWilliam D. Sessoms, Mayor, City of Virginia Beach, VirginiaMuriel Bowser, Mayor, Washington DCJohn Heilman, Mayor, City of West Hollywood, CaliforniaGary Resnick, Mayor, City of Wilton Manors, Florida
"Sixty-eight mayors and county elected officialssigned a letter addressed to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). The letter opposes a recent proposal from FCC Chairman Ajit Pai. The proposal, called ""Restoring Internet Freedom Draft Order, would roll back current Net Neutrality protections.Read the letter"
The Beacon Hill Holiday Stroll, the SSRun, the RoslindaleVillage Main Street Holiday Market on Birch Street, Walter's Runand an MBTA training exercise will impact traffic and parking on Thursday, December 7, Saturday, December 9, and Sunday, December 10, in the City of Boston. Those attending are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.The Beacon Hill Holiday Stroll will take place on Charles Street from 6 PM to 9 PM. Charles Street, between Charles Circle and Beacon Street, is expected to be closed to vehicular traffic from 7 PM through 9 PM. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Thursday 3PM to 9 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Roslindale Village Main Street Holiday Market on Birch Street will take place from 2 PM to 8 PM. Birch Street, between Belgrade Avenue and Corinth Street, is expected to be closed to traffic for the duration of the event.The SSRun will begin on Boylston Street at Gloucester Streetat 1 PM with approximately 700 participants. Runners will continue east on Boylston Street, turn left onto Berkeley Street, left onto Newbury Street, left onto Gloucester Street and left onto Boylston Street, finishing at the intersection of Gloucester Street. Traffic will be held back briefly at intersections as runners proceed along the route. The race is anticipated to be over by 1:30 PM. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 6 AM to 4 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.An MBTA training exercise taking place on Sunday morning will impact the following streets in South Boston.In addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Sunday 7 AM to 1 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Walters Run will begin at 11AM at #15 Bellevue Street, West Roxbury, in front of the YMCA. An anticipated 400 runners will proceed on Bellevue Street, turn left onto Centre Street, right onto Mt. Vernon Street, right onto Grayfield Street, left onto Corey Street, left onto DwinellStreet, left onto Addington Road, left onto Lagrange Street, to Linnet Street, right onto Emmonsdale Road, left onto Tennyson Street, left onto Bellevue Street, finishing at the YMCA. Brief traffic delays are expected.
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) community centers are holding events throughout the week. Please contact your local BCYF center for more information. We'll be continuingto add activities as they get scheduled, so remember to check back on this page!
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Somerville Mayor Joseph A. Curtatone and representatives of the 14 cities and towns of the Metropolitan Mayors Coalition of Greater Boston today announced the creation of a new regional housing partnership. The partnership will address the housing needs of the Metro Boston area, with a focus on housing production, diversity, cost, location, design and increasing stability for the region's residents. The partnership will create a regional work plan, which will establish a regional housing production goal, along with specific strategies to achieve that goal throughout the 14-community region.""Affordable housing is one of our top priorities in Boston -- and we know that for Metro Boston to be affordable for all residents, we need to work together with cities and towns throughout the region,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This plan is another step forward towards ensuring all those who wish to live here can, and I look forward to working with our partner cities and towns across the region to continue creating homes for all.""""Our entire region is facing and must solve the same pressing challenge: Metro Boston's affordability crisis and its limited housing stock. But the solutions cannot be one-size-fits-all, which is why this task force is so critical,"" said Mayor Curtatone. ""It will give us the opportunity to work together toward our common housing goals while tailoring solutions to our communities' unique needs and tapping the brightest minds in our housing-related sectors to assist us in our work.""With this new regional effort, the Metro Mayors have outlined a pledge to:To do this, the group will identify a regional housing production goal and a timeline to achieve it. The plan will take into account demographic data and projections, economic forecasts, development trends, and analysis of current production levels. The target will break down the demand for housing type by price, size and location, and will account for the need for both rental and ownership unit creation.The group will also recommend changes to zoning, local policies, funding calculations for state aid toward public schools, and other tools each city and town can use to help address the housing affordability crisis together. Working as a regional team, the group will also be able to respond faster to residents in crisis, finding resources and taking action to provide direct assistance.The Metro Mayors Coalition is a collaborative, problem-solving group of municipal leaders facilitated by the Metropolitan Area Planning Council (MAPC), which serves 101 cities and towns across Greater Boston. The Metro Mayors Coalition includes mayors and managers from Boston, Braintree, Brookline, Cambridge, Chelsea, Everett, Malden, Medford, Melrose, Newton, Quincy, Revere, Somerville and Winthrop.Mayor Walsh and Mayor Curtatone will co-chair the partnership.""The Baker-Polito Administration is proud to support MAPC and the Metro Mayors coalition, to help deliver regional solutions to regional housing needs,"" said Undersecretary for Housing and Community Development Chrystal Kornegay. ""Massachusetts needs to deliver more housing, more quickly, and in more places. By focusing on establishing a measurable regional housing goal, and building concrete strategies to deliver on that goal, this initiative will help advance a housing market that works for everyone - from innovation economy employees to the service sector workforce, and from young families to older adults.""""Limited housing supply makes it very difficult for residents to find places to live, and means employers have a harder time recruiting and retaining workers. Housing has a significant impact on our region's economic health and future,"" said Marc Draisen, Executive Director of MAPC. ""And we need housing that works for a variety of household types and incomes, from renters to first-time homebuyers to families with children, empty-nesters, seniors, and those with disabilities.""This partnership further upholds Boston and Somerville's commitment to ensuring affordable housing exists for all residents. To date, the Walsh administration has committed more than $100 million in funding to the creation and preservation of affordable housing. Today's announcement builds on the City's preservation and anti-displacement goals, outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, Mayor Walsh's housing plan, and the housing goals laid out inImagine Boston 2030, Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years. As part of both plans, Boston has prioritized increasing the overall housing supply, with a focus on creating and preserving affordable housing.As a mid-sized city, Somerville is striving to employ innovative approaches to prevent displacement and expand housing production and housing preservation for all needs from affordable and workforce housing to market rate and senior housing. The city is currently on track to exceed the first five years of scheduled housing targets in itsSomerVision: 2010-2030 Comprehensive Plan. Among other initiatives, Somerville has increased its inclusionary housing requirement, instituted mechanisms to expand developer contributions to affordable housing, introduced the workforce housing category into its affordable housing equation, and has established the innovative100 HOMESproject to purchase, and preserve as permanently affordable, units otherwise threatened by speculation.For more information on the partnership, visitwww.mapc.org/metro-mayors-coalition."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Lee Goodman to demolish the two-family residencelocated at 73 Sheridan Street in Jamaica Plain, MA 02130We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on December 15, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture today announced the Proper Bostonian Quilters Holiday Quilt Show is now on display at Boston City Hall.The Proper Bostonian Quilters Guild (PBQ) is a diverse and vibrant group of women quilters with over 100 members representing every Boston neighborhood and many surrounding towns. PBQ members are committed to community outreach, and they actively seek out ways to comfort people in need by providing them with quilts and pillowcases.""Having these quilts hung throughout City Hall is a great way to celebrate the holidays and recognize a few of the generous people who make the holiday season so special in the City of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage everyone to stop by City Hall this month to see the quilts in person.""""City Hall is such a great venue for exhibiting our quilts, and we are proud to contribute to Boston culture in this way,"" said Susan Powers, President of the Proper Bostonian Quilters Guild. ""We are thankful to the Mayor and the Office of Arts and Culture for this wonderful opportunity to showcase our work."" The quilts vary in size, and many feature festive colors and holiday designs. A total of 40 quilts are currently on display.""This year, we wanted to take a different approach to the traditional holiday decorations usually displayed in City Hall,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. ""These quilts are an excellent reflection of the talent, diversity, and creativity of the people of Boston. They also add a welcome bit of color and warmth to our beloved concrete walls here at City Hall.""The quilts are on display untilDecember 29, 2017in the Scollay Square Gallery on the third floor and the fifth floor balcony of Boston City Hall.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include implementing the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates commissioning public art, managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information go towww.boston.gov/departments/arts-and-culture.The Proper Bostonian Quilters Guild is a diverse and vibrant group dedicated to the art and appreciation of all things ""quilt"". Their membership numbers over 100 from all Boston communities, surrounding towns and beyond! PBQ meets twice monthly at St. Theresa School in West Roxbury. They also host a major quilt show every other year, with mini focused quilt shows in the fall or winter of alternate years. WithSaturdayday camp each month and overnight quilt camps in Maine and New Hampshire, bus trips, outside speakers, pot luck dinners and a lot of community outreach, there are always ways to discover inner talents and inspiration. For more information, visithttp://properbostonianquilters.org/."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today celebrated the graduation of 22 EMT recruits and recognized seven department members recently promoted, in a ceremony at Faneuil Hall held before family and friends. Among those addressing the graduates were Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) Executive Director Monica Valdes Lupi, JD, MPH, and Boston EMS Chief Jim Hooley. The graduating class will be assigned to frontline ambulances across the city.The Boston EMS Academy graduation commemorated the EMTs successful completion of the most extensive EMS post-hire educational program in the country. The recruits, already state-certified EMTs prior to hire, completed an additional 12 weeks of classroom training and practical scenario work, as well as a 15-week field internship program to prepare them to provide the best possible care in a busy evolving urban system. Recruits were trained in a variety of emergency situations, including mass casualty incidents, domestic violence cases, hazardous materials exposures, transportation accidents, recovery services and life-threatening emergencies.As one of the leading emergency medical services providers in the country, Boston EMS serves our residents and visitors with compassionate and excellent pre-hospital care, said Mayor Walsh. Our EMTs and paramedics are there for us during our most vulnerable moments, offering expert medical care and support. Im pleased to welcome this new class of recruits and thank them for their service to our City.During their training, the recruit class responded to over 3,600 incidents. These calls included illnesses, injuries, cardiac incidents, motor vehicle accidents, deliveries, shootings, stabbings, overdoses and more. Having the assistance of an experienced EMT field training officer throughout many calls and different call types ensures that they are comfortable providing care to patients regardless the circumstance, and also understand the level of care, clinical excellence and professionalism expected of them as Boston EMS EMTs.Among others recognized at todays ceremony were two department members who as EMTs became trained and certified paramedics and then completed necessary Boston EMS Paramedic promotional testing and selection, as well as a three-month paramedic internship. Five department EMTs were also honored for their promotion to Lieutenant. They completed a four-month classroom, field and dispatch operations training program, and are now serving as department supervisors.Boston EMS is one of the busiest municipal EMS providers in the country, responding to over 125,000 clinical incidents per year. As a bureau of the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC), Boston EMS is committed to serving Boston's residents through clinical excellence, emergency planning and preparedness, and community outreach.""The emergency, clinical, and community outreach services provided by Boston EMS supports and informs much of our public health programming,"" said BPHC Executive Director Monica Valdes Lupi, JD, MPH. Our newest members of Boston EMS will play a vital role in protecting the health of Bostonians every day. We also thank those honored for promotion for their continued service and dedication.I am always most pleased when these ceremonies include both graduating recruits and department promotions, as our hope with every new hire is that they will choose Boston EMS as a career, said Boston EMS Chief Jim Hooley. Recognizing our newest members, as well as those who have already committed so much of themselves to the department and their City, at such a historic venue makes this a particularly special event.In Mayor Walsh's Fiscal Year 2018 budget, Mayor Walsh increased the funding for EMS by nearly $1.4 million over the previous year that enabled the department to replace sevenambulances to support EMS services. To learn more about Bostons budget, please visit here. The Boston Public Health Commission, the country's oldest health department, is an independent public agency providing a wide range of health services and programs. It is governed by a seven-member board of health appointed by the Mayor of Boston.Public service and access to quality health care are the cornerstones of our mission - to protect, preserve, and promote the health and well-being of all Boston residents, particularly those who are most vulnerable. The Commission's more than 40 programs are grouped into six bureaus: Child, Adolescent & Family Health Community Health Initiatives Homeless Services Infectious Disease Recovery Services and Emergency Medical Services.Boston EMS, the provider of emergency medical services for the City of Boston, is committed to compassionately delivering excellent pre-hospital care and to protecting the safety and health of the public.Boston EMS vision is to expand upon our role as critical public safety agency that delivers exceptional pre-hospital emergency medicine in an urban environment."
The Boston Transportation Department (BTD), the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM), and the Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) today announced the implementation of a fifth demand-responsive price change related to the City of Bostons ongoing Performance Parking Pilot Program.Prices at approximately 530 metered parking spaces on 40 blocks in the South Boston Waterfront will change effective Monday, December 4, 2017.The rate change is based on sensor data that allows the City to monitor average occupancy per meter space and block. Beginning next week, the minimum price will be $1 per hour and the maximum will be $4.00 per hour at meters in the South Boston Waterfront pilot area. Approximately 23% of parking meters will be priced at $1 per hour.Prices vary by four time bands (weekdays 8am-12pm 12pm-rpm 4pm-8pm and all days Saturday.) Prices are posted on meters and are available online at boston.gov/performance-parking. Parking meters are free on Sundays in the City of Boston.The South Boston Waterfront pilot program began in January and will continue through the end of 2017.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Commission on Affairs of the Elderly and AT&T today invited older adults to Boston City Hall to call loved ones anywhere in the world, free of charge. Now in its 21st year, the holiday celebration attracted hundreds of seniors who made phone calls to Finland, China, Cabo Verde, Haiti, Russia, Sierra Leone, among other places around the world.""Being able to hear your loved ones' voice is priceless,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Having family in Ireland, I know that it is hard to be away from family, especially during this time of the year. We are proud to help older adults in Boston stay close to loved ones all over the world.""Lame Prifti, 84, of the Back Bay, made his call today to Albania. ""I am happy to call my friends and family,"" Prifti said.""I come every year.""South Boston resident Ann Japp, 82, moved to Boston in 1961. ""I'm calling my sister and her family back in Scotland,"" Japp said. ""I know she likes to get my call.""The Commission on Affairs of the Elderly facilitates full and equal participation in all aspects of life by older adults in Boston. The commission is dedicated to improving the lives of Boston's older adults by connecting them with resources and information, and it is focused on setting the City's direction for successful aging in Boston. Read the newly launched Age-Friendly Action Plan atwww.boston.gov/age-friendly, and visitwww.boston.govfor more information.AT&T Inc. helps millions around the globe connect with leading entertainment, business, mobile and high speed internet services. We offer the nation's best data network** and the best global coverage of any U.S. wireless provider. We're one of the world's largest providers of pay TV. We have TV customers in the U.S. and 11 Latin American countries. Nearly 3.5 million companies, from small to large businesses around the globe, turn to AT&T for our highly secure smart solutions."
Whether it be the loss of a loved one or pet, a relationship ending, or a challenging situation at work, these times can be tough. Whatever it is you are facing this season,here are some ideas for ending the year on a healthy and grateful note.Its OK to say no to a party invite, or avoid an activity that may be triggering. This time of year may bring up negative memories. Reflect on that. Talk to a professional if need be. Tell yourself its OK this year to create new traditions with family and friends.You never know what a personis carrying. Although someone may outwardly appear to be in a good place, often that is far from the truth. Be cautious in assuming everyone around you is feeling celebratory. Model openness with the people in your life by sharing what youre thankful for, as well as whats hard.Theres no shame in reaching out for help. Maybe you need a friend to help wrap your kids gifts. Maybe you need to arrive to dinner with no food or contribution, because getting there at all wasa big enough task. Give yourself grace and ask the people in your life to do the rest.It always feels good to give your time toothers and help those in need. If youve lost a pet, it may be healing to volunteer at a local animal shelter this year. There are plenty of community agencies that are taking donations and welcoming help. The smile on someones face when you serve them a hot meal may just put a smile on yours, too. For other ideas on how to support people in your community or for additional resources, the following links to charities and agencies may be helpful.As always, the Employee Assistance Programis here to aid employeesin reducingstress, overcoming hard times, and making a plan to move forward in their life. Wishing everyone a safe and happy holiday season!
The Jolly Jaunt 5K and other events will impact traffic and parking on Saturday, December 2, and Sunday, December 3, in the City of Boston. Those attending are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.Saturday, December 2The Jolly Jaunt 5K will begin on Charles Street at the Boston Common at 9 AM. An estimated 1,500 runners will proceed left onto Beacon Street, left onto Arlington Street, right onto Commonwealth Avenue westbound, turning around at Charlesgate West, left onto Commonwealth Avenue eastbound, right onto Arlington Street, left onto Boylston Street and ending on Charles Street. Roads along the race route are expected to be closed between 8:45AM and 10 AM, with roads being opened up as the tail end of the race proceeds toward the finish line.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 5AM to 12 Noon parking regulations will be in effect as follows.A May Day Coalition gathering will begin on the Boston Common across from the State House at 12 Noon. At 3 PM, participants will leave the Boston Common at Winter Street, turn left onto Washington street, left onto Court Street, right on Cambridge Street, ending at the JFK Federal Building. Traffic may be delayed as marchers make their way along the route.The South Boston Catholic Academy 5K will require Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 8AM to 11AM parking regulations to be in effect as follows, and traffic delays should be expected in this area.Saturday, December 2, and Sunday, December 3Temple Place will be closed to vehicular traffic from 9PM on Saturday, December 2, through 6AM on Sunday, December 3, to allow for work by Baldwin Crane and Equipment. In addition, parking will be prohibited between #52 and #58 Temple Place.
Composting is one of many ways you can reduce how much waste you throw out. It is a simple way to reduce your waste and combat climate change while giving back to your community. We have several valuable guides and resources that make it simple for you to compost in your neighborhood.We make it easy for you:Through ourProject Oscar pilot program, you can drop off your household compost at six locations across Boston, 24 hours a day. Click to read a list of the items you can compost and find the closest drop off location.From April until the first week of December, you can leave your yard waste out with your curbside recyclingfor us to collect. Place leaves and yard debris in large paper leaf bags or barrels labeled Yard Waste. Note that we dont accept plastic bags.You can compost outdoors or indoors. Boston residentscan buy subsidized binsand buckets to complete their set up, and there are several indoor methods. Read more aboutwhat makes a good compost pile.As I learned fromRoslindale resident Dan this month, compost is a rich, natural fertilizer that is made from used organic matter like kitchen scraps and yard waste. As it decomposes, its transforms into a nutrient-dense soil fertilizer that provides nutrition and health to gardens and farms.Compostable waste like food leftovers from restaurants and your dinner plate makes up a significant part of Bostons garbage generation. By making the simple switch in your weekly routine to bin and drop off your compost, you can do your part to move us towards aZero Waste Boston.This post is part of the Zero Waste Boston initiative. If youd like to follow along as we discuss the ins and outs of going zero waste, you can subscribe to our general email listhere. If you would like to receive periodic updates about the more technical side of the municipal waste management planning process,sign up here.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Boston Transportation Department and the Boston Planning and Development Agency today released theNorth Station Area Mobility Action Plan, a set of transportation improvements and initiatives for the North Station area that includes parts of the West End, North End and Bulfinch Triangle neighborhoods. Developed in partnership with the community, the Action Plan affirms the City of Boston's commitment to implementing 15 improvements in the next five years, as well as three longer-term projects, that will transform how people move around North Station, whether they choose to walk, ride bikes, take public transit or travel in personal motor vehicles. The project advances the goals outlined inGo Boston 2030, the City's long term mobility plan, as well asImagine Boston 2030, the City's comprehensive planning document.""I'd like to thank residents and other community members from the West End, North End and Bulfinch Triangle neighborhoods who have volunteered their time and effort to collaborate with BTD and BPDA on this important project,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""For over a year, they have shared their vision and concerns, and prioritized solutions, at community meetings, pop-up sessions and online. We look forward to putting this plan into action alongside the community, and working with them on additional future neighborhood improvement projects.""""As a community we have worked on this for a long time,"" said North Station area resident Jane Forrestall. ""We are happy to see improvements for pedestrians, cyclists and motorists.""""The business community around North Station is looking forward to working with our neighbors and the City to implement the many good projects in this plan,"" said Jay Walsh, Director of the Downtown North Association. ""Improvements to walking, biking, driving and transit will allow our employees and customers to access and move around the neighborhood more easily, and provide a more pleasant place to spend time.""Nearly 2,000 people an hour currently walk on Canal Street during the morning and evening rush hours. Public transit use is high with direct access to commuter rail service, Orange, Green, Blue and Red line subway trains, and MBTA buses, while numerous people take advantage of public bike share docking stations located in the area to incorporate cycling into their daily commute. Traffic on local streets is frequently congested due to a combination of weekday commuters, commercial vehicle deliveries to area establishments, events at TD Garden and private shuttle buses.""Go Boston 2030 plans for a citywide transportation network that provides people with safe and efficient access on Boston's streets using all modes of transportation,"" said Boston Transportation Department Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. ""By incorporating a combination of pedestrian enhancements, protected bike lanes, improved transit connections and updated traffic signal technology, the North Station Area Mobility Action Plan brings us one step closer toward realizing the goals established in Go Boston 2030.""""Recent development has revitalized the North Station area, bringing new housing and stimulating the local economy,"" said BPDA Director Brian Golden. ""The North Station Mobility Action Plan develops a strategy to respond to this increase in neighborhood activity, and I thank the community for its feedback and all of the local stakeholders whose funding and involvement will help shape the future of this neighborhood.""Improvements being designed include safer pedestrian access at Charles Circle, street direction changes and parking regulations in the Bulfinch Triangle, and pedestrian priority on Canal Street. Included among the short-term action items are protected bike lanes on Cambridge Street, digitally coordinating traffic signals, a bus lane on North Washington Street, bike lanes and safer pedestrian crossings on Blossom Street, and programs to encourage residents and commuters to get around without driving.The North Station Area Mobility Action Plan is available online.Go Boston 2030 is the City of Boston's long term mobility plan. Go Boston 2030 envisions a city in a region where all residents have better and more equitable travel choices, where efficient transportation networks foster economic opportunity, and where steps have been taken to prepare for climate change. Whether traveling by transit, on foot, on a bike, or by car, people will be able to access all parts of Boston safely and reliably. A list of projects and policies have been developed that are being implemented as early action projects in the near term, and a set of long-term projects and policies are intended to be implemented over the next 15 years. To learn more, visitwww.GoBoston2030.org.Go Boston 2030 complementsImagine Boston 2030, Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years. Imagine Boston 2030 will guide growth to support our dynamic economy and expand opportunity for all residents. The plan prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the City. Shaped by the input of 15,000 residents who contributed their thoughts to the plan, Imagine Boston 2030 identifies five action areas to guide Boston's growth, enhancement and preservation, and is paired with a set of metrics that will evaluate progress and successes. To learn more visit,imagine.boston.gov."
In May 2017, the Office of Food Access and the Boston Public Health Commission approached us with a project idea. They wanted to create a map for people struggling to find and pay for food in the City. The map would show different locations around the City where someone who needs food help could get it. Another important feature? The map had to be foldable so that it could be easily carried and fit in someone's pocket.The Greater Boston Food Bank, using Feeding America data, found that one in six Bostonians are food insecure. That means their diet lacks variety and quality. These residents may also have trouble finding food, and may be eating less food than is recommended for a normal diet. Those type of statistics keep many of us up at night, so we jumped at the chance to help the Office of Food Access.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined the Asian Community Development Corporation (ACDC) and Chinatown residents to celebrate the ribbon cutting of88 Hudson Street, a development that created 51 affordable new condominiums for working families in Chinatown. ""For many years, Parcel 24 sat as a vacant lot in our City. Now, the area has been transformed into homes for 51 families,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We want to ensure residents who have built their lives in Chinatown can continue to live here. I'm proud of the work the City and our partners have done to create these affordable homes for working families in Chinatown, and I thank everyone involved for making this project so successful.""88 Hudsonis Phase 2 of the Parcel 24 redevelopment project and represents the culmination of more than a decade of planning, advocacy and hard work to restore the former land owned by the Massachusetts Department of Transportation. The first phase, or One Greenway, was completed in 2015 and provided 312 units of rental housing, including 95 affordable rentals, 3,300 square feet (SF) of retail space, 5,000 SF of community commercial space and 135 parking spaces, up to 50 of which are open to the public. The 13,000 SF center open space will be shared by residents of One Greenway and88 Hudson.Bordering Chinatown and the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway, One Greenway and88 Hudsonrepresent a revitalization of Parcel 24, as the site has historically been known as a vacant lot bordering the Massachusetts Turnpike. Located four blocks from South Station, the development sits at the southern end of the Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy Greenway, Boston's linear park that stretches more than one mile.88 Hudson Streetfeatures 20 one-bedroom townhomes, 22 two-bedroom townhomes, and nine three-bedroom townhomes. The new condominiums will be affordable to individuals at or below 100 percent of Area Median Income (AMI). Four of the homes will be available to households earning 60 percent or less of AMI, and 42 will be affordable to households earning at or below 80 percent of AMI. The new townhomes are priced ranging form less than $200,000 to $235,000.The developer of this parcel is the Asian Community Development Corporation (ACDC), a 30-year old community-based organization, which serves the Asian American community of Greater Boston. ACDC has developed over $100 million in mixed-use real estate that is home to over 1,200 residents in Boston and Quincy. ACDC also runs bilingual financial and housing counseling and homebuyer workshops, youth leadership programs and resident and civic engagement initiatives throughout the year.""ACDC is excited that we have now added 51 new homes to Chinatown where working families can afford to live, and own their own homes without worrying about rising rent or the threat of eviction. This completes Chinatown's vision of rebuilding of Hudson Street that started 15 years ago,"" said Angie Liou, Executive Director of ACDC. ""I moved to America eight years ago with my family andwithin six years, we were forced to moved five times because a landlord decided to sell the house or because of bad living conditions.Two years ago, I won a lottery for an affordable apartment at 66 Hudson, and that made life much more stable for my family. This allowed me to save money and become a homeowner for the first time in my life. Thank you to ACDC, Mayor Walsh and everyone for this life-changing opportunity,"" said Man Li Chen, who will be moving into her affordable condo at88 Hudsonwith her family soon.This project has revitalized a historic piece of the Chinatown community, bringing the entire vacant site back to productive use. The development also received overwhelming support from the community, local businesses and nonprofit organizations.Boston is a vibrant, living city, because of its patchwork of unique neighborhoods, and this addition of new, affordable homes will only strengthen Chinatowns community,said Housing and Community Development Undersecretary Chrystal Kornegay.We are proudof our collaboration with the ACDC, the City of Boston, the MBTA and the many partnerswho made88 Hudson, and the full redevelopment of Parcel 24, possible.The more than $20.5 million new building has been made possible in part, by a contribution from the City of Boston totaling more than $6 million, including $5.9 million in City of Boston Inclusionary Development funds and $750,000 from the City of Boston's Neighborhood Housing Trust. This substantial City investment enabled the development team to take advantage of more than $4 million in state funding, including $2.1 million from the Commonwealth's Department of Housing and Community Development and Housing Stabilization Funding and $1.9 million in Affordable Housing Trust Funds. Eastern Bank also provided an $8.9 million construction loan to the project. CEDAC provided predevelopment financing for the project.To date, the Walsh administration has committed more than $100 million in funding to the creation and preservation of affordable housing. Today's announcement also contributes to the City's preservation and anti-displacement goals, outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, Mayor Walsh's housing plan, and the housing goals laid out inImagine Boston 2030, Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years. As part of both plans, Boston has prioritized increasing the overall housing supply, with a focus on creating and preserving affordable housing."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with the Boston Planning & Development Agency and The Rose Kennedy Greenway Conservancy, today announced the 319-foot-long outdoor public art piece May This Never End has been relocated to Allston. Created by Chicago-based artist Matthew Hoffman, the piece was commissioned for The Greenway and installed on a fence between North and Clinton Streets in 2016. While The Greenway typically houses temporary art, the piece received an extended run of nine months. The artwork was recognized as among the best artworks in the country for 2016 by Americans for the Arts Public Art Network Year in Review. The Conservancy originally commissioned the artwork with private funds from ArtPlace America.This piece was a great addition to the Greenway last year, and it has become such a widely recognized piece of public art in the City of Boston, said Mayor Walsh. Im eager to see how it sparks new conversations and helps shape the cultural identity of its new home in Allston.The piece is comprised of seven phrases, and together the message reads: Nothings for keeps. Except that we must keep going. Youll spend your entire life searching, ok? We all want to belong. So lets all get along. Make the most, and hope. May this never end.Photo of May This Never End artwork in its new location on Lincoln St. Instead of looking at an object and moving on, Hoffmans message becomes something we internalize and continue to apply to our state of being, said Lucas Cowan, the Public Art Curator for The Greenway. The artwork becomes a personal internal reflection as opposed to an object that is meant to exist solely in space.Hoffman wrote each word in Sharpie, and then scanned, enlarged and cut oversized letters out of bright yellow plastic using a CNC mill.May This Never End was un-installed from The Greenway and placed in storage in May 2017. The City of Boston was able to relocate the artwork with a grant from the Harvard Allston Public Realm Flexible Fund, which is overseen by the BPDA.The Flexible Fund Executive Committee has explored ways to support public art installations, and enthusiastically embraced the opportunity to enhance a neighborhood gateway utilized by hundreds of pedestrians and cyclists daily, with an existing piece of artwork that could be installed at very low cost, said Gerald Autler, Senior Project Manager/Planner of the Boston Planning & Development Agency.Hoffman worked with staff members from the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture to reinstall the piece. The installation took two days to complete.As noted in Boston Creates, the City of Boston hopes to address cultural disparities and promote cross-cultural exchange through art, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. Weve started important programs to support local artists, such as the Opportunity Fund with its newly doubled budget, and we are excited that we can also find ways to foster artistic exchange by creating new homes for site-specific works like this one.The piece is now located on Lincoln Street in Allston, between Franklin Street and Eric Road.I love the placement of this piece, and it's the same reason I love public art so much. You'll be going through your day, and suddenly be met by this piece. Hopefully it changes your mindset to a positive one in that moment, said Matthew Hoffman. We received so much positive feedback as we were putting the piece up, I'm really excited to hear the response as it lives with the community.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include implementing the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates commissioning public art, managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information, visit here.The Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) plans and guides inclusive growth in our city  creating opportunities for everyone to live, work and connect. Through our future-focused, city-wide lens, we engage communities, implement new solutions, partner for greater impact and track progress. Our vision and mission are the core components of our organizational strategy. Our vision sets our direction as an organization and our mission defines what we do. Learn more here, and follow them on Twitter.The Harvard Allston Public Realm Flexible Fund supports projects that enhance the public realm and for which public sources of financing may be unavailable or inadequate. Projects may include improvements in public parks and open space, neighborhood beautification, streetscape improvements, public safety projects, and public art, including functional art such as benches or bike racks. For more information, visit here.The Rose Kennedy Greenway, a roof garden atop a highway tunnel, is a contemporary public park in the heart of Boston. The non-profit Greenway Conservancy maintains, programs, finances, and improves the 1.5-mile Greenway on behalf of the public. The Greenway welcomed a record 1.38 million visitors in 2016 for The Greenway Carousel, events, Wi-Fi, and Mobile Eats food trucks, plus millions more visitors who enjoyed the fountains, plazas, and gardens. The Conservancy has won numerous awards, including for our organic landscape care and park programming and most recently for Public Art. Learn more here.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the launch ofCarbon Free Boston, the City's next step to become carbon neutral by 2050. The first step within the initiative, theCarbon Free Bostonreport, will analyze the cost and benefits of policies and technologies that could enable Boston to reach that goal. The report is slated to be completed and released next fall.""Boston has committed to being carbon neutral by 2050,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""That's no small feat, and we have to be smart about how we get there. Carbon Free Boston will start by ensuring that we understand all of our options before we decide on the right near- and long-term solutions. Those decisions will be made as part of a community-wide process to update Boston's Climate Action Plan.""The Green Ribbon Commission (GRC) and Boston University's Institute for Sustainable Energy (ISE) and Department of Earth and Environment (E&E) are partnering with the City to produce theCarbon Free Bostonreport. The team will develop a modeling platform that will enable the city to replicate the Carbon Free Boston modeling in years to come, integrating the latest data and techniques. The report will quantify how various technologies and policies can reduce greenhouse gas emissions across four sectors - energy, buildings, transportation, and waste.""We're fortunate to have partners like the Commonwealth, Green Ribbon Commission, and Boston University to help us be leaders on climate,"" saidChief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space Austin Blackmon. ""The challenge ahead will take even more innovative and collaborative solutions to get where we need to be.""""In Massachusetts, we're proud of our steadfast commitment to combating and preparing for climate change and the partnership we have with cities and towns across the Commonwealth who are working to reduce emissions and build resiliency at the local level,"" saidSecretary of Energy and Environmental Affairs Matthew Beaton. ""We are pleased to support Carbon Free Boston and look forward to continued collaboration with the City of Boston to address this global challenge.""""Science tells us without question that we must keep global greenhouse gas emissions to less than two degrees of increase, or risk planetary climate disaster. With no national leadership on the problem in the U.S., it falls to each state and city to take responsibility for eliminating its own carbon, and advanced cities like Boston must lead the way by making even faster progress in the immediate years ahead,"" saidMindy Lubber, President and CEO of Ceres.""I congratulate Mayor Walsh on his commitment to finding the path to carbon neutrality and intend to work hard to ensure the success of that goal inmy role as Chair of the Green Ribbon Commission's Carbon Free Boston Working Group.""""The Institute for Sustainable Energy coordinates the diverse expertise of BU faculty on sustainable energy and climate change,"" saidProfessor Cutler Cleveland, Department of Earth and Environment. ""We are excited to work to with Boston to realize its carbon neutral goal, and to help the City continue to be global leader on climate action.""The City will use the findings inCarbon Free Bostonand the ongoing climate resiliency work inClimate Ready Bostonto inform next year's update of the City'sClimate Action Plan. The City's Climate Action Plan serves as Boston's roadmap for reaching its goals of reducing greenhouse gas emissions and preparing for the impacts of climate change. In addition to the recent launch ofCarbon Free Boston, the City is moving forward with itsZero Waste Boston initiative to develop recommendations for a comprehensive zero waste plan for Boston next year. The first advisory committee meeting is set to meet in January.The City will host public events and provide ongoing updates on the progress ofCarbon Free Boston.To be the first to learn about those opportunities, sign up for updates online.These initiatives support the goals ofImagine Boston 2030, Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years, which serves as the comprehensive vision and framework for the future of the city. The plan identifies supporting carbon-neutral and climate-ready neighborhoods as a priority to elevate Boston's climate preparedness. The plan aims to preserve and enhance Boston, while embracing growth as a means to address our challenges, such as climate change, and make the city stronger and more inclusive."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Emme Handy as the Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Collector-Treasurer and Chief of Administration and Finance for the City of Boston. Handy brings more than a decade of experience in government finance, administration, and fiscal policy and management to the role.""I'm pleased to welcome Emme Handy as Boston's new Chief Financial Officer,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Emme has an impressive record of managing government finances and overseeing operations at a statewide level, and I look forward to adding her expertise to our team to build on our result-driven, responsible and forward-looking strategy to ensure that Boston's overall fiscal health remains strong.""""I am honored to join Mayor Walsh's team and to have the opportunity to serve the residents of Boston,"" said Handy. ""I am eager to get to work implementing the Mayor's vision for the city by building on his strong record of responsible management and financial sustainability.""In collaboration with other City departments, Handy will implement the Mayor's strategic goals, increase organizational performance and manage the city's overall health--which has reached its pinnacle with perfect bond ratings--under Mayor Walsh. As CFO, Handy will oversee many departments, including Assessing, Auditing, Budget, Community Preservation, Human Resources, Labor Relations, Purchasing, Registry, the Retirement Board, Collecting, and Treasury.Emme Handy joins the City of Boston after serving as the Senior Director of Financial Planning and Analysis for the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard, where she oversaw the development and implementation of the Institute's $400 million annual operating budget and $20 million capital budget. Prior to that, Handy served as the Assistant Secretary for Budget and Fiscal Operations at the Massachusetts Executive Office for Administration and Finance, where she oversaw the development and management of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts' annual $37 billion operating budget. As Budget Director in that office, she directed a team of 20 finance, policy, operations and federal grants management staff in developing a comprehensive, fiscally responsible budget framework for the state, while proactively managing spending and revenue to ensure balanced budgets capable of meeting public needs.Before joining the Executive Office for Administration and Finance, Handy served as a Fiscal Policy Manager and Analyst for the Massachusetts Senate Committee on Ways and Means, where she developed $3 billion in annual spending and revenue estimates for the Committee in the areas of public health, mental health, disabilities, and veterans' services.The Administration and Finance Cabinet ensures that city services are delivered with high quality, with high ethical standards, are financially prudent, are responsive to the needs of the citizens of Boston, and consistent with the laws and ordinances governing municipal government.Under the leadership of Mayor Walsh, the City of Boston achieved its fourth consecutive year of AAA bond ratings, the highest possible credit rating a city can receive. In February 2017, Moody's Investor Services said that, ""Boston's AAA reflects the city's strong fiscal management and stable financial position as well as the large and growing tax base,"" while S&P Global Ratings said that they viewed, ""Boston's management environment as very strong."" For more information on the City of Boston's budget, please visitbudget.boston.gov.Handy, a Northeastern University graduate, will begin her position as Chief Financial Officer, Collector-Treasurer and Chief of Administration and Finance onJanuary 1. She currently lives in the South End with her husband, Matthew Handy, and daughter, Josephine."
"This Thursday, November 30, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Honourable Stephen McNeil, Premier of Nova Scotia, will host the Bostons annual tree lighting ceremony on the Boston Common. They will light a 53-foot white spruce given to Boston by the Campbell family of Cape Breton Island.Do you know why Nova Scotia sends Boston a Christmas tree every year?On December 6, 1917, the Mont Blanc, a French ship in Halifax Harbor, collided with another ship and caught on fire. The Mont Blanc was preparing to leave for Europe to fight in WWI and was full of munitions. When the fire reached the munitions, the ship exploded, killing more than 1,000 people and destroying entire neighborhoods in Halifax.When word reached Boston of the explosion, Boston's Mayor Curley extended Boston's sympathies. The Mayor offered help for the ""relief and prevention of suffering"" in Halifax.Almost immediately after the explosion, Massachusetts Governor Samuel McCall sent a group of doctors, nurses, aid workers, and medical supplies from Boston to Halifax. The group traveled 700 miles by train and wasdelayed by a severe blizzard. As Halifax struggled to recover, Bostonians continued to send groups of aid workers, supplies, and funds. The photo below shows Governor McCall and other aid workers with Halifax families in front of an apartment complex built by aid workers. This apartment building sheltered nearly 320 families, or 2,000 people.Many of the Bostonians who found themselves in Halifax for the Christmas of 1917decorated the hospitals where they worked, putting up Christmas trees and other decorations. A year later, in December of 1918, Nova Scotia sent a Christmas tree to Boston as a thank you for Bostons help after the explosion.In 1971, Nova Scotia sent another Christmas tree to Boston in memory of the bond created between the two cities after the explosion. Nova Scotia continued to send our City Christmas trees,establishing the Nova Scotia Christmas Tree lighting as a cherished holiday event in Boston.Over the years, Boston's tree lighting hasn't always looked exactly the same. For example, in recent years, the tree has been lit on the Boston Common. But in the 1970s, the tree lighting took place at the Prudential Center, as you can see in the letter below.And in 1973, Boston had a tree ""unlighting"" because of the country's energy crisis. As you can see below, the tree was only lit for 30 minutes, and then the lights turned off. The City turned the lights back onfor a few hourson Christmas Eve.Though the tree lighting has changed from year to year,our City's bond with Nova Scotia and their annual gift of aChristmas tree has become one of Bostons most beloved holiday traditions.To see more photographs of the Halifax explosion and the following relief efforts, take a look at the State Library of MassachusettsHalifax Relief Committee photographs."
The City of Boston Digital Team, in partnership with the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, wants to celebrate our logo, the Boston.For many major holidays, the City sends out a graphic or message on our social channels depicting a custom, similar to the ones below.With hundreds of holidays, our designers arent able to create custom artwork for every single one. Thats where the artists of Boston come in.Were asking local artists, students, and residents to choose a holiday and create an idea for a custom. You're only limited by your imagination. Please send us a written proposal (about one paragraph long) or sketch to explain how you would represent thefor the holiday you pick.Members of the Digital Team and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture will review each proposal. We'll select projects based on the best creative expression of the represented holiday. We will then ask theartists we pick to create their artwork.We plan toselect up to 25 proposals, with each representing a different holiday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today kicked off the City of Boston's annual ""Holidays on Main Streets"" campaign, which features initiatives to encourage Boston residents to shop local this holiday season. At the celebration held at the Roslindale Village Main Street holiday tree lighting in Adams Park, Mayor Walsh announced the launch of the ""#LetsAllShopSmall"" campaign, officially proclaimed the day ""Small Business Saturday,"" and revealed the pilot launch of the ""Main Streets Explorer,"" all of which will help to drive traffic to Boston's 20 Main Street Districts and support Boston's local business economy.The ""Main Streets Explorer"" will run the first three Thursdays of December from4 - 10 p.m., and pick up locations in each neighborhood will feature information and wayfinding for anyone interested. For a complete listing of times and locations, please visitboston.gov/explorerorbostonmainstreets.org.The Economic Development Cabinet's mission is to make Boston an appealing and accessible place for working families, entrepreneurs, businesses, and investors to innovate, grow, and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for all Bostonians and the experience for all visitors. Learn more on theirwebsite.As the City's civic research and development team, the New Urban Mechanics pilot experiments that aim to improve the quality of life for Boston's residents. The team's Third Spaces work, supported by a Bloomberg Philanthropies i-Teams grant, is working to make Boston's spaces more welcoming, connected, and creative.Developed out of a partnership between the City of Boston and the National Trust for Historic Preservation, the Boston Main Streets initiative was created in 1995 as the first urban, multi-district Main Streets program in the nation, with the goal of establishing thriving commercial districts throughout the city. Boston Main Streets is a successful model for urban commercial district revitalization that strengthens local business districts through strong organizational development, community participation, resident and merchant education and sustainable development. Boston Main Streets continues to empower individuals in the small business sector to have a direct role in the economic health, physical appearance, and development of their own community.The Boston Main Streets Foundation is committed to making Boston's neighborhood commercial districts thriving, vibrant centers of commerce and community through its support of the Boston Main Streets program. The Boston Main Streets Foundation seeks to develop long-term strategies to increase the economic power and resources of neighborhood commercial districts while pursuing initiatives that build knowledge and capacity for Main Streets programs and the businesses they serve."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the selection of five artists for a series of public art projects in the Quincy Street Corridor and Grove Hall Business District of Dorchester. Tied to a city-led initiative to improve the streetscape and create an environment that is safe, convenient and comfortable for pedestrians, cyclists and motorists, these public art projects celebrate the beauty of the neighborhood, local heroes and current residents.""We are working hard to improve the overall experience of the streets of Boston for everyone,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Public art helps advance these goals by creating a strong sense of place while embracing the identity of the neighborhood. I congratulate all artists selected to participate in this effort, and I look forward to seeing the completed projects.""The public art projects aim to revitalize the urban landscape of the Quincy Street/Grove Hall Main Street area. Pedestrian travel and accessibility will be improved via temporary art and urban design interventions along Quincy Street and in the Grove Hall business district along Blue Hill Avenue. The designs were informed by community feedback.Chanel Thervilcreated an Affirmation Station, which is an interactive public art initiative that was designed to uplift people by gifting them with an affirmation pin to serve as a reminder of hope and positivity. The initiative was designed to start a chain reaction of random acts of kindness that can flow from one person to another. The installation is located at the corner of Quincy and Blue Hill Ave.Photo courtesy of the artist, Chanel Thervil. Photographer: AfroCentered MediaRobert 'Problak' Gibbscreated a mural entitled ""Afro Futurism/ Breathe Life."" The design of the mural will give a nod to the past in order to breathe life into the future. The juxtaposition of an older pastime with youthful and futuristic imagery relates to the community's objective to revitalize the neighborhood while embracing and strengthening its past, present, and future identity and sense of place. The mural is located at the UCERM Empowerment Center at324 Blue Hill Ave.""Being Boston-raised, I wanted to pay respect and homage to areas that made me the artist I am today,"" Robert Gibbs said. ""I graduated from the Martin Luther King Jr. Middle School that is literally down the street from the wall that I painted. I wanted to ""Breathe Life"" back into the neighborhood that helped me launch my gift into the universe. I developed an understanding of the need for positive messaging in our communities and my responsibility to produce artwork that could resonate with so many people, have visual impact, reflect the people of the area, and celebrate our history.""Photo of ""Afro Futurism/Breathe Life"" mural and artist Problak courtesy of Chris Gaines.Laurence Piercecreated ""On the Shoulders of Giants,"" a mural to showcase the names and histories of the local men and women whose struggles and triumphs paved the way for today's young students. The project was led by Laurence with the collaboration and support from artists Percy Fortini-Wright, Ricardo Gomez and graphic designer Robert W. Murrell, Jr. The murals are located at the Grove Hall branch of the Boston Public Library.Photo courtesy of the artist.David 'Don Rimx' Sepulvedacreated a mural inspired by the legacy of Nobel Peace Prize recipient, Nelson Mandela. Widely known and regarded as an icon of democracy and social justice, ""Don Remix"" hope is for Nelson Mandela's image to inspire all people - young and old and of all ethnicities, to actively seek knowledge, truth, and civic engagement as they visit the Grove Hall Public Library, drive past down Geneva Avenue, or make their way to the Jeremiah Burke High School. The mural is located at41 Geneva Ave.Photo of Don Rimx's ""Powerful Knowledge"" mural courtesy of Chris Gaines.Victor 'Marka27' Quinonez,will create a mural titled ""Sacred Health"" that will intend to encourage humanity to respect one's mind, body and soul. According to Marka27, the heart in the mural represents the most important and vital organ that keeps people going, and also represents love. With Liza Quionez, Marka27 is a co-founder ofStreet Theory, a Creative Studio and Gallery. The mural's location has not yet been determined.Marka27's ""Sacred Health"" mural rendering.The artists were selected by a committee comprising representatives from Department of Neighborhood Development, Boston Art Commission, Grove Hall Main Streets, and other community representatives.This project is made possible through a Choice Neighborhood Initiative (CNI) Implementation Grant to fund improvements for public housing, the provision of services and case management for local residents, the enhancement of businesses and improvements to local playgrounds in the Quincy Street Corridor and the Grove Hall Business District. In addition, the City of Boston's Transportation and Public Works Departments have recently taken several steps to improve safety and access on streets in the Grove Hall neighborhood. These include:Quincy Street, from Blue Hill Avenue to Columbia Road,is part of the Choice Neighborhood plan. In addition to safety and access goals for all modes, the redesign also works to provide more parking for the growing community and revitalize the streetscape by incorporating street trees, ornamental lighting, and an accent strip. The new design improves the pedestrian experience by reconstruction sidewalks and ramps, extending curb lies to shorten crossing distances, installing a rectangular rapid flash beacon at a busy location, installing speed display signs and raising the crossings at the approaches. Traffic Signals will be installed at Quincy and Ceylon Streets.Grove Hall/QuincyCorridorhas been selected as one of five new neighborhoods to be included in the Neighborhood Slow Streets Program and, onSeptember 18, residents joined BTD staff to kick off the program in their neighborhood with a community walk that gave residents the opportunity to provide input on issues of concern.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading implementation of the City's Cultural Plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program (BostonAIR) curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information go to:www.boston.gov/artsBoston was one of five cities nationwide to receive the nation's first-ever Implementation Grants, which were awarded under the US Department of Housing and Urban Development'sChoice Neighborhoodsplan. This grant, submitted by theDepartment of Neighborhood Developmenton behalf of the City, allowed a coalition of City and community partners to work together to transform the Quincy Street corridor, including the redevelopment of the 129-unit Woodledge/Morrant Bay housing development, now renamedQuincy Heights. The grant also funded significant improvements at community facilities, parks, and gardens, and funded programming for economic development, job creation, and asset building, includingthesignificant improvement of Grove Hall's WiFi. Key among the economic development activities funded by the grant was the redevelopment of theformer Pearl Meat Factory into a 35,000-square-foot, multi-tenant, food production facility, now known as theBornstein and Pearl Food Production Small Business Center."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Tim Longdento demolish the single-family residencelocated at 28 Norwood Street in Dorchester, MA 02122.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 30, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
You don't want to give the gift of your personal or financial information to online criminals! Identity theft, scams, frauds, and malware infections are serious problems that target shoppers during the holiday season.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Public Schools (BPS) today launched the first-ever Boston Public Schools Alumni Engagement Campaign, aimed at connecting former BPS students of all ages with networking and volunteering opportunities, as well as resources to assist them with their careers and families.The Boston Public Schools (BPS), the birthplace of public education in the United States,serves nearly 57,000 pre-kindergarten through grade 12 students in 125 schools.BPS is committed to transforming the lives of all children through exemplary teaching in a world-class system of innovative, welcoming schools. We partner with the community, families, and students to develop in every learner the knowledge, skill, and character to excel in college, career, and life.
"I recently sat down with Roslindale resident Dan Bensonoff to learn about his easy compost set up and its many benefits.Robert: Dan, lets start at the beginning. What is compost? How is it different from soil or fertilizer?Compost is a type of natural fertilizer made of organic material like leaves or food scraps broken down by bacteria and fungi. People have been composting for a very long time.Compost looks like soil, but is much richer than soil. One important reason for that is all the microorganisms that go to work on it. One teaspoon of compost has more organisms than all the people on earth. This is also the reason compost gives off heat while being decomposed like if many people suddenly gathered in one room, all the bacteria in the brown mix generate a noticeable combined warmth.Once the gradual process of decomposition is done, the finished compost is a fantastic addition to your soil. Its really light and acts as a sponge to retain water in the soil. It provides a slow, steady stream of moisture for plants and adds a lot of important nutrients that they need. Thats why gardeners have nicknamed it Black Gold.It provides a slow, steady stream of moisture for plants and adds a lot of important nutrients that they need. That's why gardeners have nicknamed it ""Black Gold"".Robert: I see you dont have a big garden though, and I dont either at home. Why do you choose to compost if you dont have a lot of plants to care for?To start, in this house of four adults, its a very easy process that takes up a tiny amount of space. If you have a few spare square feet in your yard, you have all you need. I use our finished compost for potted plants and seed starting.If you have extra compost theres plenty of options: give it away to neighbors, grow some plants (potted or garden), or share it with a local community garden.I havent filled up my backyard bin in the past year and a half, and in that time, weve reduced our trash so much that I only need to put it out every other week. Id much rather help sequester carbon in the soil than contribute to methane emissions that come from waste disposal.Compost cheers me up too. Its fascinating to watch the process from death to rebirth, and I interact with so many bugs and little bits of life as a result.Robert: Walk me through your process from kitchen to bin. What does it involve?Its pretty simple. I throw all my food scraps except meat, fish, and oily ones into a kitchen pale and drop it into my backyard bin when it gets full. Now those scraps will compost just fine, but the downside is that they may attract rodents, so I leave them out. By using a reinforced bin, you can minimize the possibility of animals getting in.Once the leftovers are in the bin, the two factors I pay attention to are the level of moisture and the chemical balance of nitrogen and carbon. Nitrogen comes from adding food scraps and fresh grass clippings, and you can add carbon using hay, straw, or sawdust (like I do). Im not measuring anything when I do this, just using sight and experience.Then, I periodically turn the mix and check the moisture level. If you get a funky smell, it probably means either the moisture or chemical mix is out of balance. Just like we need oxygen, the bacteria that are decomposing the compost pieces need oxygen to do their jobs. Without it, things get funky.The decomposition process in the bin can take as little as a month or so and as long as year, depending on when you need it. I like to leave extra time for each batch to break down. The process is faster in the summer and goes mostly dormant in the winter. Many bins have a bottom flap with easy access to the most cultured compost ready for use.Robert: Any advice for people who may not have done it before?Its one of the easiest things you can do for such a great result. You have to make it work for your life. If you have a few extra feet in your yard, thats all you need to get started.If you are interested in backyard composting in Boston, you canfind out more on our website, including how to buy a subsidized compost bin or make your own at home."
Chief of Civic Engagement Jerome Smith along with Boston's neighborhood liaisons and community members yesterday honored 13 awardees who have demonstrated exceptional dedication to their community. The awardees, who represent a cross-section of volunteer efforts in Boston, were honored at the first Civic Engagement Ceremony, hosted by Mayor Walsh'sLove Your Block Initiative.
If you're coming into the City, we encourage you not to drive. Consider using Hubway, the regional bike-share service, or public transportation throughthe MBTAinstead. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises you to buy a round-trip ticket instead of a one-way. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from John A. Pulgini, Esq.to demolish the funeral home and detached garagelocated at 54 Pleasant Street, Dorchester, MA 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 24, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
The Newsboys Reading Room Association was an active social welfare organization. It served working boys of all stripes.The above photo shows young working Bostonians in the Associations reading room, in 1909.Were not sure how many newsboys and bootblacks attended the 1889 dinner. Wesuspect it was a large and boisterous gathering!In the Newsboys Reading Room. Boys seated at tables playing games. Boston, 1909 October, Repository: Library of Congress Prints and Photographs Division Washington, D.C. 20540 USAhttp://hdl.loc.gov/loc.pnp/pp.print,Digital ID: (b&w digital file from original glass negative) nclc 05433http://hdl.loc.gov/loc.pnp/nclc.05433,Reproduction Number: LC-DIG-nclc-03350 (color digital file from b&w original print) LC-DIG-nclc-05433 (b&w digital file from original glass negative)City Council dockets, 1889-0280-I Proceedings of the City Council, Collection 0100.001, Boston City Archives
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Thomas Noto to demolish the single-family residencelocated at 258-260 West Third Street, South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 20, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Thomas Noto to demolish the two-family residencelocated at 5-7 Bell Court in South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 20, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with the Boston Art Commission, Boston Public Library and Public Facilities Department, today announced Matthew Hinman as the artist selected for a public art project at the Jamaica Plain Branch of the Boston Public Library.The City of Boston released aRequest for Proposals (RFP)earlier this year for a public art project to complement the recent$10 million renovation of the Jamaica Plain Branch Library.This was the first project under the newPercent for Art Program, which allocates one percent of the City's annual capital borrowing budget to the commissioning of public art. The renovation included a 20 percent increase in space, a 700-square foot addition of a community reading lounge, a terrace along Sedgwick Street where residents can read and mingle, several meeting spaces, a refreshed collection of 30,000 books, an elevator, more efficient mechanical systems, 20 parking spots for bicycles, and new exterior landscaping.""The recent renovation has allowed the Jamaica Plain library to accommodate more visitors, provide better access to resources, and strengthen the surrounding neighborhood, and this project will enhance these efforts,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""It's great to see someone who has such a strong understanding of Jamaica Plain's cultural identity and a proven connection to the larger community take on the project.""""The JP renovation has been so well received, the latest in our ever strengthening branch system. We're so proud of the modern and welcoming space that everyone can use and enjoy,"" said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library. ""The addition of public art by a JP resident will enhance the street presence of the branch and connect it even more deeply to the fabric of the neighborhood.""Hinman is a Professor of Sculpture at the Massachusetts College of Art and Design and Chair of the Fine Arts 3D Program. He currently serves on the Board of the Boston-based non-profit Now+There.""I am thrilled to be selected to create a new work of art for the Jamaica Plain Branch of the Boston Public Library,"" said artist Matthew Hinman. ""I embrace the idea of being 'local', and focus much of my energies here in my neighborhood. To have been considered and ultimately awarded this commission is very humbling. I love making work for public spaces that disrupt the order of the everyday, and it is an honor to be working right here in my own backyard.""The total budget for the project is $200,000, and the design of the work will be informed by an ongoing community engagement process. The project is expected to be completed and installed in 2018.""The renovation of the Jamaica Plain Branch and the installation of public art into that space corresponds extremely well with one of the goals highlighted in the Boston Creates Cultural Plan, to integrate arts and culture into all aspects of civic life,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. ""The library's role at the center of civic life for the Jamaica Plain community makes it an ideal location for public art, and I am so glad that the Percent for Art program has made that possible.""Earlier this week, the City released anotherRFP as part of the Percent for Art Program for a public art projectat the BCYF Vine Street Community Center in Roxbury, which is now under renovation. The City is also planning to release an RFP this fall for public art at the Dudley Branch of the Boston Public Library, which is closing for renovation onNovember 17th.The Boston Art Commission (BAC), an independent board of arts leaders charged with thecare and custody of all artworks on City of Boston property, advocates for the creation ofinnovative and transformative art and promotes its accessibility to enrich the lives ofBoston's diverse citizens and visitors. The Art Commission advises, supports, and consultswith artists and communities, City departments, and others. It commissions, approves, andconserves the City of Boston's collection of art and historical artifacts.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector,and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, theBoston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leadingup the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residenceprogram curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a children's room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org."
Given the recent political climate and the ever-changing policies regarding immigrants, refugees, and undocumented citizens, its no surprise that many of the Citys local artists have taken to what they know best to express their thoughts, feelings, and concerns over an issue that affects so many of us.Mayor Walsh (whose parents were both immigrants) has said it many timesBoston is a city built by immigrants, and he has vowed to ensure that all immigrants in Boston feel safe and accepted. With this goal in mind, he rebranded the Office of New Bostonians to theMayors Office for Immigrant Advancement, which has served as a resource for immigrants as well as a means of engaging the immigrant community by encouraging their active participation in the city's policies and programs.In the past year and a half, the Mayors Office of Immigrant Advancement has done so much to recognize the value of immigrants to the City, and give them a voice. Recently, we collaborated with them to bring the nationalTo Immigrants with Lovecampaign to the City of Boston with murals. The Mayors Muralcrew created two muralsin Roslindale and East Bostonneighborhoods known for their large immigrant communities. The first mural, on the wall of the building that houses Atlas Wine & Liquors, features Russian immigrants Louise and Beatrice White who first opened the liquor store as a supermarket. Alongside the couple is Alex Castillo, owner of Digitech Electronic Solutions (which is across the street from the mural) who immigrated to the United States from the Dominican Republic as a child. Watch a video about the Roslindale mural here.The second mural, located on the building that houses Dr. Dental in East Boston, depicts Italian immigrant Carmello Scire, who is responsible for founding a family catering business known today as Sammy Carlos Delicatessen and Catering. Next to him is Veronica Robles, a Mexican immigrant who has served as a cultural ambassador, educator, and community activist in the City of Boston, and is the founder of the Veronica Robles Cultural Center. Veronica was very active in the Boston Creates Cultural Planning process. The Mayors Mural Crew is also being awarded Love Your Blocks Art Beautification Award on November 16th for all of their hard work on this mural!A third project by the Mayors Mural Crew is in the worksright now on the East Boston Greenway under the Maverick Street Bridge. The mural revolves around the theme of immigrant grandmothers, and features relatives of local residents who submitted photos of their grandmothers to Heidi Schork, Director of the Mayors Mural Crew. Im so excited to see the finished productand see the result of an entire community coming together to recognize those who came from all over the world to make this city great. The project especially resonates with me because Im the daughter of an immigrant from Panama and the photos remind me of my own abuela Selma.The Mayors Mural Crew isnt the only way the City of Boston is addressing the theme of immigration in the arts. Several of the Citys Boston AIR artists developed projects during their residency that specifically tackle this theme. One of these artists,John Walsh, painted visual narrativesof Bostons Immigrant Community through graphic novels. One of his subjects was David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library, who is an immigrant from Ireland.Salvador Jimenez-Flores(who was born in Mexico) was another artist-in-residence who used Boston AIR to address the theme of immigration. His project involved teaching over 100 elementary school students in Chinatown the art of printmaking as a way of embracing the historic and present immigrant communities that have shaped Chinatown into the neighborhood it is today.Boston is a city rich with culture, history, and traditions, and none of that would be possible without immigrants. Im so glad to see the ways in which weve worked toward establishing a cross-cultural exchange of the arts, a goal that we highlighted during the Boston Creates planning process and have strived for ever since. With a new round of Boston AIR and another season of the Mayors Mural Crew fast approaching, I am eager to see what else is done to recognize immigrants and their contributions to the City of Boston.
In a recent post, we talked about how important and powerful its been to have a brand for the City. In many ways, the new brand is mostly a resident-facing aspect of our design work. By creating a consistent face across print and digital products, we hope youll recognize our work as coming from the City of Boston. It doesnt just end there, though. Were also bringing consistency to the backend of our work through the Citys first pattern library.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Foundation for Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) today announced HubNob will be held onWednesday, November 29, 2017at the House of Blues Boston and will feature a ""Big Top HubNob"" carnival theme. Every year, over 700 party-goers, supporters, and public officials come together for a night of fun and philanthropy to support BCYF. Boston Centers for Youth & Families is the City of Boston's largest youth and human service agency operating 36 community facilities in Boston.""BCYF is a critical resource for Boston's families providing safe, healthy and enriching programs at centers across the city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""My thanks to the Foundation for BCYF for hosting HubNob each year and supporting the important work of BCYF that positively impacts the lives of children and families here in Boston.""The Foundation for BCYF will roll out the red carpet with a carnival theme, ""Big Top HubNob,"" focusing on having fun with a purpose and highlighting BCYF's programs and facilities to create awareness for BCYF. Guests will enjoy prize-winning games, an auction, food from local restaurants, and live entertainment by Boston's top dance band, Soul City Band. Proceeds from the event go towards outcome-driven programs and services for Boston's youth and families.Coach Willie Maye, in-arena host for the Boston Celtics, will serve as master of ceremonies and auction off unique items during the VIP Reception held in the Foundation Room. Corporate Partner of the Year, Kevin Fitzgerald Community Empowerment and Kevin Fitzgerald Citywide Excellence Awards will be presented to Comcast, Elizabeth Miranda, Executive Director of Hawthorne Youth and Community Center, and BCYF staff members.""The Foundation for BCYF is proud to host HubNob each year and bring people together from across the city with the shared goal of supporting the great work of BCYF,"" said Michael Christopher, Chair, Foundation for BCYF. BCYF's 30 community centers, 18 pools and one beach offer a variety of educational, recreational and social programming for people of all ages.Through the support of volunteers, local advisory councils, and many community partners, BCYF centers' programs reflect the needs and interests of each individual Boston neighborhood. Last year's HubNob surpassed fundraising goals and enabled the Foundation for BCYF to support a range of programs and initiatives including the BCYF Youth Enrichment Day attended by 1,500 Boston youth, educational field trips for after school participants, BCYF's free Family Gym wellness program, the BCYF Citywide Spelling Bee, and healing retreats for youth affected by violence.""HubNob is a vital source of support for BCYF's programming,"" said William Morales, Commissioner of BCYF. ""The funds raised through this event allow us to provide Boston's youth and families with access to valuable, attainable enrichment opportunities.""For more information about the event, contact HubNob's event producer, AJ Williams at AJ Williams Events at617-267-2244or Pamela A. Leins, Director of Planning & Development, Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) at617-635-4920 x2701.The Foundation for BCYF secures funding and resources to support Boston Centers for Youth & Families' key program priorities such as aquatics, girls, summer, seniors, teens, youth employment, the Family Gym wellness program, and the BCYF Streetworker program. These programs serve a diverse array of citizens in Boston."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with the Boston Art Commission, the Public Facilities Department, and Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), today announced a call for artists to submit proposals for a public art project that will complement the renovation of BCYF Vine Street Community Center in Roxbury. The deadline to submit proposals for the project isDecember 18, 2017 at 12:00 p.m.BCYF Vine Street Community Center closed earlier this fall for a $5.3 million renovation project, which is expected to take a year to complete. The public art project is part of Boston's new Percent for Art program, which sets aside one percent of the City's annual capital borrowing budget for the commission of public art.""We believe an investment in the arts is an investment in the larger community,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Percent for Art Program allows us to incorporate new public art projects into the Vine Street Center renovation, and I know this installation will make the Vine Street renovation even better, adding to the renovation's goal of bringing new life and vibrancy to the project.""Therequest for proposals (RFP)for the public art project is open to all professional artists, artisans, architects, landscape architects, or teams with experience in public art, site responsive design, project management, and construction administration. Artists from the Roxbury neighborhood are encouraged to apply.An Artist Selection Committee comprising of representatives from the Boston Art Commission and local arts professionals in Roxbury will evaluate proposals based on the criteria outlined in the RFP, including the artist's qualifications and their approach to the project.""The creation of public art at BCYF Vine Street through Percent for Art is a direct response to the Boston Creates Cultural Plan. The goal is to integrate arts and culture into all aspects of civic life and across all communities,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""With the Vine Street Center serving as a central gathering place for the people of Roxbury, there is no better place for a transformative public art project.""The renovation will enable BCYF Vine Street to provide more resources to the Roxbury neighborhood including interior renovations, the addition of a fitness center, expansion of the teen center, installing air conditioning in the gym, and improving overall access to the center. This RFP is the first of two calls for artists connected to BCYF Vine Street. The second call will be released in the late winter/early spring and focus on interior art works.""We are excited that the renovation to the BCYF Vine Street Community Center will greatly improve the layout of the center and allow us to offer more programming for people of all ages in the heart of Roxbury,"" said William Morales, Commissioner of BCYF. ""By adding arts into the renovation project, we are signaling Boston's commitment to imagination and creativity, inspiring users of our community center and enhancing our facilities today and well into the future.""""This project is reflective of Mayor Walsh's commitment to the Roxbury neighborhood, and to BCYF facilities throughout the City."" said Boston Public Facilities Director Tricia Lyons. ""We are thankful for the involvement and thoughtful insight of community members, and for the collaborative efforts with BCYF and Arts and Culture. Including the Vine Street building in the Percent for Art program is going to make this project all the more exciting and further contribute to the vibrancy of this neighborhood.""ArtistAnn Hirschparticipated in a nine-month long residency at the BCYF Vine Street Community Center this year as part ofBoston AIR, the City's artist-in-residence program in which artists, community members an the City of Boston employees collaborate at the intersection of civil service, social justice and artistic practice to explore and reframe critical social conversations.Her residency looked at the theme of hand gestures as a lens through which to explore current issues and future goals, as well as the use of non-verbal communication modes in the expression of fear, protection, and protest. By casting the hands of the youth, staff, and community members, she crafted a physical representation of the center's identity during that moment.The public art project will be located outside of the BCYF Vine Street Community Center on339 Dudley Street. The City of Boston will release another call for artists later this year for public art pieces that will be placed inside the Vine Street Center. For more information on the renovation, visithere.The Boston Art Commission (BAC), an independent board of arts leaders charged with the care and custody of all artworks on City of Boston property, advocates for the creation of innovative and transformative art and promotes its accessibility to enrich the lives of Boston's diverse citizens and visitors. The Art Commission advises, supports, and consults with artists and communities, City departments, and others. It commissions, approves, and conserves the City of Boston's collection of art and historical artifacts. For more information,visit here.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information,visit here.The Boston Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC) released the City's first cultural plan, Boston Creates, in 2016, calling for increased support to Boston's arts and culture ecosystem. The Percent for Art Program is a critical policy outcome of this planning process and addresses Goal 4 of the plan: to integrate arts and culture into all aspects of civic life, inspiring all Bostonians to value, practice, and reap the benefits of creativity in their individual lives and in their communities. The Percent for Art Program demonstrates the City's leadership and commitment to sustainable funding for the arts by setting aside one percent of the City's annual capital borrowing budget for the commissioning of public art. The Percent for Art Program is administered by the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture and the Boston Art Commission (BAC), in collaboration with the Office of Budget Management, the Public Facilities Department, and other City departments. For more information,visit here."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the selection of Marty Martinez as the new Chief of the City of Boston's Health and Human Services cabinet (HHS).""Marty Martinez has spent his life serving residents and their communities,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm proud he will continue that work with the City of Boston. From creating youth programs at BCYF Centers, to creating welcoming spaces for Boston's immigrant population, to keeping our City healthy and safe through the Boston Public Health Commission, Marty will take on a leading role in ensuring a thriving, equitable Boston for all, and I look forward to having him on our team and accomplishing even more.""Currently the President and Chief Executive Officer for Mass Mentoring Partnership, Marty Martinez joins the City of Boston after serving the Boston and surrounding area for over 20 years. He first joined Mass Mentoring Partnership (MMP) in 2007, leading the growth of program services. He was named President and CEO in 2012, where he lead the organization to unprecedented growth across the Commonwealth, strengthened advocacy efforts and state budget dollars on behalf of mentoring and young people, and elevated the role of diversity and inclusion in the mentoring movement. Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston joined forces with Mass Mentoring Partnership in 2014, and worked with Martinez to create the Mayor's Mentoring Movement, an exciting initiative to increase the number of empowering relationships for youth in Boston.Before joining MMP, Martinez held senior positions at the Boston AIDS Consortium, the Regional Center for Healthy Communities at Mount Auburn Hospital, and the City of Somerville, where he led youth services. In addition to his professional experience, Martinez has deep roots in civic life, having served on a variety of nonprofit boards and run for municipal office. He currently serves as an Advisory Council member for My Brothers Keeper - Boston, an academic mentor at Burke High School, and as a member of the City of Boston Scholarship Committee. Martinez holds a bachelor's degree in Political Science from Nebraska Wesleyan University and a master's degree in Urban and Public Policy from Tufts University.As the Chief of Health and Human Services, Martinez will oversee several departments and offices, including the Boston Public Health Commission, Office of Recovery Services, Boston Centers for Youth & Families, Veterans Services, Fair Housing & Equity, the Disability Commission, the Commission for the Elderly, the Office of Fair Housing and Equity, the Mayor's Office of Food Access, the Mayor's Office of Immigrant Advancement and the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement.The Health and Human Services Cabinet is committed to promoting the health and well-being of the City's residents particularly the most vulnerable. The provision of social, recreational, health and support services to city residents, particularly the homeless, persons with disabilities, women, the elderly, youth, immigrants and veterans, will be coordinated and made available in a customer-friendly and culturally sensitive manner. The Cabinet enforces all antidiscrimination laws and protections under the jurisdiction of the City, and advocates for the advancement of policies and legislation to address the needs of individuals and groups, supports disease and injury prevention, delivers emergency health services and health education and promotion services within the City.Martinez will begin his position as Chief of Health and Human Services on January 8, 2018. He lives in South Boston with his partner, Matthew Hall."
Those attending the parade are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.Saturday, November 11, 2017The Veterans Day Parade will begin at 1 PM on Boylston Street at Charles Street, with marchers turning left on Tremont Street, continuing on Cambridge Street to City Hall Plaza. Traffic will be detoured off of the route briefly, from approximately 12:50 PM through 1:30 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the selection of Drew Smith to lead Boston's Treasury. Smith joins the City with over 10 years of experience in treasury roles, and currently serves as the Deputy Assistant Treasurer for Debt Management at the Massachusetts State Treasury.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Joe Consalvo to demolish the single-family residencelocated at 128-132 Coleridge Streetin East Boston. The full address is 128-132 Coleridge Street, East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 17, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Brian Kerins with Barker Real Estateto demolish the detached garagelocated at 53 Bailey Street in Dorchester. The full address is 53 Bailey Street, Dorchester, MA 02124. The building was demolishedin violation of Article 85.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 16, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Here you can find simple guided meditations. One perk is they offer meditations for moms, teens, veterans, first responders, and other specific groups. You can also search by topic (stress, compassion, relationships, and more) to best suit your needs. An app that sends friendly reminders to your phone via a push notification. The helpful tracker is set up week by week. It helps users remember to take part in positive activities, such as walking outside, taking a bath, or reading a book. Its sure to improve your well-being and mood.Quick access to over 500,000 healthy recipes! Nutritional information is listed for all dishes. The search features, such as searching by ingredient or prep time, make it convenient to fit cooking into your lifestyle.Trained listeners offer users emotional support via one-on-onechats. The listeners are not supposed to offer advice. Instead, they truly listen and validate your life experiences. There are also more than 40 trainings you can view. The trainings include topics like work-related stress, cultural diversity, and boundaries, to name a few.Thoughts pop into our head all day long.This app helps us organize and track them. You will be able to label thoughts into categories, such as family, worries, and spirituality, as well as create your own labels. Graphs and statistics give users helpful information about whats going on in their continually changing minds.This app has two benefits:When you log into Charity Miles, you can choose an organization to support. The more you move, the more money the involved sponsors are donating to a great cause!Ever had a personal goal feel too big? Too overwhelming? GoalsOnTrack is here to help! This app helps divide larger goals and tasks into smaller, more manageable pieces. It also has a journaling feature so users can track their feelings, get specific, and hold themselves accountable to becoming more productive.If you are having trouble getting restful sleep, or are stressed out, this app is for you. Relax Melodies, used by over 35 million people, offers the ability to customize soothing mixes to relax your body and mind, lulling you right to sleep.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the schedule for the 2017 Enchanted Trolley Tour, a Boston holiday tradition of lighting holiday trees throughout the City. This year, the Mayors Enchanted Trolley Tour will take place on Friday, December 1 Saturday, December 2 and Sunday, December 3, in neighborhoods throughout Boston.Our holiday trolley tour and tree lightings provide some of the best family memories of the year, building community spirit throughout Boston and bringing a little extra joy to residents during the holiday season, said Mayor Walsh. The holiday season is a time for friends, family and neighbors to come together and celebrate, and I welcome all to attend this weekend of inclusive, family-friendly fun.For the 22nd year, the Mayor's Enchanted Trolley Tour will continue the festive tradition of lighting holiday trees while bringing holiday spirit to children across Boston. The event is sponsored by Bank of America, and includes visits with Santa, holiday performances, tree lightings and more.Bank of America is proud to continue our support of Mayor Walshs Enchanted Trolley Tour, a long standing tradition that brings joy and excitement to neighborhoods and families across the City, said Miceal Chamberlain, Bank of America Massachusetts President. We thank the City of Boston for the opportunity to help kick off the holiday season and make our communities stronger and more vibrant.The Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, free public events for Bostonians and visitors to the City and this year will collaborate with Bank of America, which is sponsoring the 2017 Mayor's Enchanted Trolley Tour and Tree Lightings.
On November 1, 2017, the City Council authorized the Boston Public Library to accept and expend a capital grant of $5,597,374 from the Massachusetts Public Library Construction Program (MPLCP), for the renovation of the Dudley Branch Library.The Dudley Branch Library first opened its doors in 1978. Councilor Jackson said, I think it is critical to note this building was an old little city hall. There is no elevator in this library. In fact to get to the second floor, you have to leave the building and go around back to get to the second floor.Renovations to the Dudley Branch Library will include: reorienting the front door to face a newly constructed plaza, making Wi-Fi and laptops available, and adding new transparent windows, an elevator in order to make the two story building accessible to everyone, a kitchen, a learning lab, audio-visual throughout, a new roof, updated HVAC equipment, and an overall open concept. Many of the updated installations will limit the energy consumption of the building.The Dudley Branch Library is scheduled to close November 17, 2017 for renovations and is expected to reopen after construction in the spring of 2020. During construction, patrons can use the Egelston Branch, the Connolly Branch, and the South End Branch, which are all within 2 miles of the Dudley Branch. The Parker Hill Branch will also be available for use after July 2018.
On November 1, 2017, the City Council passed a message and order authorizing the City of Boston to extend the property tax exemption for members of the Massachusetts National Guard and reservists who are serving in foreign countries, pursuant to Massachusetts General Laws. The City of Boston shall extend the property tax exemption for up to 100% for active members of the National Guard or reservists for Fiscal Year 2018.The National Guard exemption provides a 100% real estate tax exemption to homeowners who are active members of the National Guard or Military Reserve serving in a foreign country during the fiscal year. The exemption, which the City began offering in Fiscal Year 2012, requires City Council action to extend this tax relief program every two years per the Massachusetts General Laws.Since 2012, the Assessing Department has approved 17 National Guard exemptions, saving qualified members of the National Guard or Military Reserve nearly $40,000 in real estate taxes collectively.Information about the exemption, for qualified members of the National Guard or Military Reserve, can be found on the Assessing Departments website and through the Veteran Services Department. The Ways and Means Committee held a public hearing on the matter on Monday, October 30, 2017.
The federal Historic Tax Credit program (HTC) was enacted by Congress and the Reagan Administration in order to rehabilitate historic projects that stimulate local economies by attracting tourism and capital.This week, the Council voted unanimously to adopt a resolution in support of the HTC, which President Trump has proposed to dissolve in his budget blueprint.The program funds the rehabilitation of historic properties and is particularly important to Boston. In the decades since it was first enacted, this tax credit program has created over 2.4 million jobs and rehabilitated more than 42,000 historic buildings, while leveraging four private dollars for every dollar of federal support, equaling $131.8 billion in private investment.President Wu said, In a historic city full of historic buildings, we need the program to continue leveraging private dollars for reinvestment, preservation, and rehabilitation.The HTC has supported many projects in Boston, including Fenway Park, the Alvah Kittredge House in Roxbury, the Baker Chocolate Factory in Dorchester, and the North Bennet Street School in the North End.
This initiative leverages the Citys five year capital plan to invest in public art as part of major City construction and infrastructure projects. The Percent for Art program devotes funding to public art equal to 1% of the Citys annual capital borrowing budget. In the current fiscal year, that translates into $1.7 million in funding for public art.In the last year, we created a comprehensive set of guidelines and procedures for this program, and now we are beginning to implement the first of these projects. In the last year weve also tested these guidelines on initial projects with the Public Works Department to bring public art to Hyde Square and North Square, and collaborated with the Public Facilities Department to add public art to the renovation of the Jamaica Plain Branch of the Boston Public Library. With Percent for Art, not only are we bringing more artwork to each corner of the City, were also enhancing the design of our public places.Next up, the BCYF Vine Street Community Center will receive a multimillion dollar renovation, and this week Mayor Walsh announced a call for artists to submit proposals for a public art project that will complement the renovation. This first artwork is envisioned for the exterior of the center on Dudley Street. Early next year, well release another call for artists for additional art for the interior of the center.With a budget of $150,000, the hope is that this work will bring vibrancy to an iconic community space in Roxbury while also helping to fulfill a goal of the Boston Creates Cultural Plan: to integrate arts and culture into all aspects of civic life, inspiring all Bostonians to value, practice, and reap the benefits of creativity in their individual lives and in their communities.Whats next for this program? Soon, well be releasing a call for artists to submit proposals for public art that will complement the $14.7 million renovation of the Dudley Branch of the Boston Public Library. And we are going to continue to identify construction and renovation projects across the city that can benefit from the inclusion of public art.So, share your thoughts and ideas. Help us to ensure everyone across the city has access to public art.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh yesterday joined members of Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), the City of Boston's Public Facilities Department, elected officials and community members of all ages to celebrate the opening of ""The Yard"" at BCYF Tobin Community Center in Mission Hill. This $950,000 renovation provides the community with new open space for programming, special events and more.""The Ida B. Graves Memorial Yard is a great example of how we are enhancing our community centers to meet the changing needs and populations of our neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""For 70 years this community center has been the heart of the neighborhood and this beautiful space opens up many new opportunities for Mission Hill residents.""At the event, Mayor Walsh announced that The Yard will be formally known as The Ida B. Graves Memorial Yard in honor of the late Mission Hill community activist, Ida Graves, who spent many years volunteering her time at the community center and working on behalf of her beloved neighborhood.The renovation includes a new elevated concrete stage and covered pavilion, a porous concrete paver patio, a synthetic turf lawn with ambient festoon lighting, caf seating and dining area, and a shady outdoor classroom. These amenities complement wide ranging and diverse programs offered to the community at BCYF Tobin Community Center, such as the after school program, large summer day program, dance classes, numerous sports leagues, yoga and special events. The Yard also incorporates an adjoining, previously renovated community garden with plots available for community use. BCYF Tobin Community Center is open six days a week,MondaythroughFriday,6:30 a.m. to 9 p.m.andSunday,9 a.m. to 5 p.m.""We are grateful to all the community members, elected officials and volunteers from Wentworth College who attended community meetings and supported this project in various ways,"" said William Morales, Commissioner of Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF.) ""Thanks to Mayor Walsh, this space has been transformed into something the community will enjoy for years to come.""Under the leadership of Mayor Walsh, the renovation project is a collaboration between Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) and the City of Boston's Public Facilities Department. Warner Larson Landscape Architects collaborated closely with NELM Corp, the general contractor, on this project.This project is part of Mayor Walsh's $2.09 billion FY18-22 Capital Plan that makes critical investments in the City's infrastructure in every Boston neighborhood, guided by Imagine Boston 2030 and the schools, streets, arts, climate and resilience plans under its umbrella.""I'm amazed at the transformation of this space,"" said John Jackson, Mission Hill native and Administrative Coordinator of BCYF Tobin Community Center, who spearheaded the effort to create The Yard. ""I am looking forward to adding programming to BCYF Tobin that will incorporate this new outdoor space. The community will truly enjoy the finished product.""The vision for ""The Yard"" is for a youthful, energetic space that reflects the energy and spirit of the surrounding community just as the community center is the home of the Mission Hill community. The Yard will be a place for active and passive recreation. The flexible spaces and site amenities at The Yard are accessible to the diverse group of users and programs.""As an advocate for Boston's older residents and longtime Mission Hill resident, I am excited about having access to a new outdoor space that is very senior friendly,"" said Carmen Pola, Mission Hill Senior Legacy Project and longtime community activist.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Boston's largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayor's Summer Jobs Program.The BCYF Tobin Community Center in Mission Hill ties intoImagine Boston 2030, Boston's citywide plan, as an element that contributes to an enhanced neighborhood, a stated goal of the plan. Through this investment and activation in Mission Hill, the City of Boston is helping provide 21st century facilities for residents. For more information on Imagine Boston 2030, please visitimagine.boston.gov."
A major change in the new interface is the way each constituent will interact with it. The current BOS:311 website prompts you to choose from dozens of the most frequent 311 case types and find one that matches your issue. This helps the system direct you to the right form.In the current process, you have to figure out on your own how your issue lines up with the Citys case types. We found that some wouldnt submit less common types of 311 cases because they didnt show up in our list of cases.
This year commemorates 100 years of friendship between Nova Scotia and the people of Boston after our city provided emergency assistance when Halifax, Nova Scotias capital, was devastated by a wartime explosion in 1917.Bostons official 2017 Christmas tree is a 53-foot white spruce tree donated by Bob and Marion Campbell and family of Blues Mills in Inverness County on Cape Breton Island. The gift will be celebrated with a public tree cutting ceremony at the Campbells property on November 15. There will be a final public farewell at Halifax City Hall on November 17 before the tree begins its journey by truck to Boston. In addition, Nova Scotia is donating smaller trees to Rosies Place and the Pine Street Inn.Its exciting to carry on this great tradition with this beautiful tree donated by the people of Nova Scotia, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. We thank the entire Campbell family for sending this gift that will be displayed for all to see on Boston Common, serving as our city's official Christmas tree and bringing joy to thousands of residents and visitors.On November 21, the official 2017 Christmas tree will be escorted by the Boston Police Department beginning around 10 a.m. from Billerica via Route 3 South to Route 128 North to Interstate 93 South to Sullivan Square to Rutherford Avenue over the Charlestown bridge and will weave through downtown Boston on North Washington, New Chardon, Cambridge, Tremont, Boylston, and Charles Streets to enter Boston Common at the corner of Beacon and Charles Streets at approximately 11 a.m.Boston Parks Commissioner Chris Cook, an official Nova Scotian town crier, Santa Claus, and local schoolchildren will greet the tree at its final destination near the Boston Visitors Center at 139 Tremont Street. The tree will be lit at approximately 7:55 p.m. on Thursday, November 30, as the City of Bostons Official Tree Lighting is celebrated on Boston Common from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m.The 76th annual Tree Lighting on Boston Common is sponsored by the Boston Parks and Recreation Department, title sponsor The Province of Nova Scotia, Jumbotron sponsor JetBlue, and presenting sponsor Distrigas/ENGIE with additional support provided by WCVB-TV Channel 5, Magic 106.7 FM, IKEA, The Christmas Tree Promotion Board, the Boston Herald, and the Boston Globe. For further information, please call the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at 617-635-4505 or visit us on Facebook.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, in collaboration with the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture and the Boston Cultural Council, today announced the second round of applications for the Boston Cultural Council Opportunity Fund isnow open. As a result of high demand from the first round, Mayor Walsh announced this pool of funding will be doubled, offering artists the opportunity to secure a total of $200,000 in funding to support meaningful one-time opportunities to further develop their career and expanding the reach of arts opportunities in communities.""The Boston Creates cultural plan calls for growing support of local artists,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Opportunity Fund has allowed us to accomplish that in many ways during its first year, and I'm pleased that in this round we will be able to expand our reach to serve even more artists. We are eager to see the continued enhancements this program brings to Boston's arts and culture community.""The Opportunity Fund was established in August 2017 as part of the City of Boston's effort to address needs identified in theBoston Creates Cultural Planto support individual artists and help grow access to the arts in every part of Boston. During the first pilot round, the City awarded more than 90 grants to applicants, totaling $100,000.In this round, applicants can request up to $1,000 at a time to fund specific needs that will in turn benefit the larger community, and they are allowed to receive no more than one grant per year. Applicants chosen to receive the grant will now receive the money upfront rather than be reimbursed, as a result of feedback received from the last round of grantees.Several changes were made to the Opportunity Fund process in order to better serve applicants. In addition to doubling the pool of funding from $100,000 to $200,000, the grants are now split into five different categories, which include:Artist Career DevelopmentThis grant is available to individual artists living in the City of Boston who want to pursue meaningful one-time artistic opportunities to further their career, such as funding to help support an artistic project, funding for materials, or funding for professional development opportunities. Artists residing within the City of Boston are eligible to apply for this grant if their annual household income is under 65 percent of area median income (AMI).Community Arts ExperienceThis grant is available to individual artists and/or teaching artists who would like to bringfree arts experiences into a community located in the City of Boston. Experiences can be in libraries, schools, or less traditional arts-learning spaces such as senior centers, health centers, or community centers. The experiences must be free and open to the public, and priority is given to neighborhoods that have a lower concentration of arts activities, including Allston/Brighton, Chinatown, Dorchester, East Boston, Fenway/Kenmore, Roxbury, Mission Hill, and Mattapan.Local Arts EventsThis grant is available to artists leading an established, annual community-based arts experience, event, or festival who are looking for funding. Events must be free arts-focused events that are open to the public, and they must have been held at least once in past years to be eligible. Eligible expenses under this grant include promotion and marketing materials, supply and equipment needs, shuttle rentals, and fees paid to designers, artists, musicians, performers, special guests and speakers. Open Studios events are the ideal candidates for this category.MCC Festivals Program Matching Grant This grant is available to organizations or individuals who are producing a festival in the City of Boston and who have received a Festivals Program grant from the Mass Cultural Council. Applicants can live anywhere, but the festival they are organizing must occur within the City of Boston. Eligible expenses include fees paid to performers and speakers, programming and production costs, equipment rental, accessibility services, audience surveys or research, translation costs, and marketing and promotional materials.Field TripsThis grant is available to teachers at K-12 schools in the City of Boston who are planning arts and cultural field trips and are looking to help support the costs of the trip. Applicants must be teachers or school administrators at schools that are located in the City of Boston. Eligible expenses include travel, and tickets.Another change that was made to the Opportunity Fund process is that applications can now be submitted on a rolling basis, and will be reviewed by a selection committee every other month, instead of having monthly deadlines. Therefore, applicants are encouraged to apply for the grant at least two months before their event or project occurs.""We saw many positive outcomes from the Opportunity Fund in the past year, and we're excited to continue providing artists with expanded support in the future,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture. ""These grants will not only help artists in continuing their work, but it will also provide them with the means to share their work with the entire City.""Artists who receive an Opportunity Fund grant are required to submit a brief final report that describes the outcome of the experience and how the funds were spent.For more information or to apply for the Opportunity Fund,visit here.The cultural plan was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long term. The full cultural plan can be found online on theirwebsite.The Boston Cultural Council (BCC), under the umbrella of the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, annually distributes funds allocated by the City of Boston and the Massachusetts Cultural Council, a state agency, to support innovative arts, humanities and interpretive sciences programming that enhances the quality of life in our city. For more information, please visithere.The Mayor'sOffice of Arts and Cultureworks to enhance the quality of life, the economy, and the design of the City through the arts. The role of the arts in all aspects of life in Boston is reinforced via equitable access to arts and culture in every community, its public institutions, and public places. Key areas of work include support to the cultural sector through grants and programs, as well as the production and permitting of art in public places. For more information, please visithere."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and theMassachusetts Legal Assistance Corporation (MLAC)today announced the Greater Boston Immigrant Defense Fund has reached $1 million in donations, and the $1 million in funds will support ten organizations in the Greater Boston area. This week, theMassachusetts Legal Assistance Corporation (MLAC) distributed over $1 million in private funds to both legal services providers and community outreach organizations, which were awarded after the competitive application process. More than 35 individual organizations responded to the Request for Proposals, andprojects were selected based on their potentialto enhance legal services capacity, strengthen community education and outreach, and build network infrastructure, in addition to advancing the goals of Defense Fund.""The overwhelming support the Greater Boston Immigrant Defense Fund has received shows how committed Boston is to ensuring we are an inclusive, supportive city for all -- qualities that are now more important than ever,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Through these funds, organizations will be able to better protect and serve immigrants throughout the Boston area, helping the families, friends and neighbors who contribute so much to our city. I'm grateful to all the partners and organizations who made this Fund, and these grants, possible.""""MLAC appreciates the opportunity to partner with the City, the foundations and law firms that have come together to support access to justice for immigrants in Greater Boston,"" said Lonnie Powers, executive director of MLAC. ""The Immigrant Defense Fund gives concrete recognition to the overwhelming need for civil legal assistance in communities affected by policy changes at the federal level.""The Greater Boston Immigrant Defense Fund, launched on September 13, is a public-private partnership and funding collaborative that seeks to strengthen the Greater Boston area's capacity to protect and defend its many immigrant communities, refugees, and temporary status holders by increasing education and access to legal services.Given the high volume of competitive applications and the growing need for community education and legal services in immigrant communities across the region, the partners will continue to fundraise, with the goal of expanding the fund to more organizations.The design of the initiative is the product of a collaborative effort between the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement, Massachusetts Legal Assistance Corporation (MLAC) and Massachusetts Law Reform Institute (MLRI) with input from local funders and immigration advocates. During the course of the two-year pilot period, MLRI, a statewide poverty law and policy center, and legal services Immigration Coalition convenor, will serve as the network coordinator. The Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement will track and evaluate the impact of the initiative.""Immigrants are vital members of our society. Unfortunately, changes in federal policy have forced many to fear going about their daily life activities. This grant will enable GBLS to work with community-based organizations and provide needed legal support to change this dynamic,"" said Jacquelynne Bowman, Executive Director of Greater Boston Legal Services, one of the organizations receiving a grant. ""We are thankful to Mayor Walsh for spearheading this initiative to ensure that Boston remains a welcoming community.""""In these times of great insecurity and crisis for the immigrant community, it means so much to organizations that not only work directly with these vulnerable communities, but are staffed by immigrants themselves, to know that our city and the civic organizations of the city support and stand with us,"" said Patricia Montes, Executive Director of Centro Presente, one of the organizations receiving a grant. ""Making sure that our communities know about their rights as immigrants, as workers and as human beings who contribute to this society is critical at moments such as these.""The fund is made possible by Grantmakers Concerned with Immigrants and Refugees (GCIR), a national network of foundations working on issues related to immigrant integration, as well as by contributions from local philanthropic, corporate and legal partners. Local foundations and corporate partners contributing to the fund include the Barr Foundation, the Klarman Family Foundation, the Boston Foundation, the Fish Family Foundation, the Herman and Frieda L. Miller Foundation, Foley Hoag, Mintz Levin, and the Hyams Foundation, the lead funder for the initiative.The selected organizations are:To enhance legal services capacityTo strengthen community education, outreach, organizing & referralThrough their contributions to the cultural, social and economic landscape of the city, immigrants play an essential role in Boston's unique civic life. Foreign-born Bostonians account for 28.4 percent of City's population, and nearly half of Boston's children under that age of 18 lived with at least one foreign-born parent in 2015. Immigrants generate nearly a quarter of the economic output of Suffolk County. In 2014, immigrants contributed $2.3 billion to the regional economy, generating more than $116.1 million in state and local tax revenues and approximately 15,000 jobs. Additionally, a high proportion of foreign-born Bostonians are self-employed, which has helped revitalize and reinvigorate many of Boston's neighborhoods."
As we round out Cybersecurity Awareness Month, here are some tips to protect your devices.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Matt Murphy with M.P. Murphy Buildersto demolish the attached garage located at 11 RichviewStreet in Dorchester. The full address is 11 Richview Street, Dorchester, MA 02124.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 10, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
These efforts are part of Imagine Boston 2030, the city's first citywide plan in 50 years which aims to proactively encourage a broad range of housing growth for people of all income levels and stages of life. For more information on Imagine Boston 2030, please visitimagine.boston.gov.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today plans to implement new resiliency measures to protect East Boston and Charlestown from current and future flooding as a result of climate change. The measures include elevating a section of Main Street in Charlestown and installing a deployable floodwall across the East Boston Greenway, and are both actions outlined in the City of Bostons ""Coastal Resilience Solutions For East Boston and Charlestown"" report, released today.Climate change is here. Its happening now. This year, we saw its effect in Texas, Florida, Puerto Rico, and across our country and world. In Boston, we are seeing more frequent flooding on our waterfront, especially in East Boston and Charlestown, said Mayor Walsh. Its more important than ever that we work together to make sure our city is ready for the changes ahead.The ""Coastal Resilience Solutions For East Boston and Charlestown"" report advances the work of Climate Ready Boston, the Citys initiative to develop resilient solutions to prepare Boston for the impacts of climate change. The next steps, announced today, will move forward with the following near-term actions outlined in the newly released report:Main Street elevation in Charlestown: Elevating Main Street by an average of two feet in front of the Schraffts Center driveway would block the main flood pathway through Charlestown up to a 1% annual chance flood with nine inches of sea level rise (2030s), plus 1 foot of freeboard. This would protect over 250 residents, at least 60 businesses, first responder facilities, and the Rutherford Avenue underpass. The estimated cost for design and construction is $2-3 million. The roadway elevation will be integrated into the ongoing Rutherford Avenue and Sullivan Square redesign project, currently in design and scheduled to begin construction in 2021.Deployable floodwall across East Boston Greenway: Installation of a seven-foot high deployable flood wall across the Greenway under Sumner Street would block the current 1% annual chance flood, with one foot of freeboard. The project would provide immediate protection to almost 4,300 residents, at least 70 businesses, and critical infrastructure for an estimated cost for design and construction of $100,000. Implementation will include an operational plan for deploying the flood wall in advance of a flood. The East Boston Greenway is owned by the City of Boston and maintained by the Parks and Recreation Department.For all near- and long-term actions outlined in the Citys ""Coastal Resilience Solutions For East Boston and Charlestown"" report to protect areas of these neighborhoods from three feet of sea level rise, read the Executive Summary here and Full Report here.Mayor Walsh will join residents and community members today at the Mario Umana Academy for the first-ever East Boston Climate Summit hosted by the Neighborhood of Affordable Housing (NOAH) to announce the next steps and release of the report. NOAH was a key stakeholder in creating the report and critical partner in engaging East Boston residents to inform the coastal resiliency solutions. Were pleased to see Mayor Walsh, the City of Boston, and other key community partners take on the threat of sea-level rise and storm surge to protect our vulnerable neighborhood, said Philip Giffee, Executive Director of NOAH. Were eager to move forward together to turn plans into action with budgets and continue working toward a more resilient City for all its residents ahead of the next big storm.Over 400 residents from East Boston and Charlestown participated in the design process through meetings, community events, open houses, and an online survey. East Boston and Charlestown residents, businesses, and organizations shared their desire for effective and long-lasting solutions to keep them safe from coastal flooding while also enhancing their neighborhoods. Were pleased to participate in the climate study for the Charlestown Sullivan Square area, said John Roche, CEO of the The Flatley Company. It is reassuring to know that the City is willing to work with private developers on rising tides and the impact they have on neighborhoods. The information that was derived will be beneficial for the neighborhood and our future development planning.Climate Ready Boston is implementing the Greenovate Boston 2014 Climate Action Plan Update strategy of integrating climate preparedness into all aspects of city planning, review, and regulation. Imagine Boston 2030, the first city-wide comprehensive plan in 50 years, has as one of its overarching goals to promote a healthy environment and adapt to climate change. Climate preparedness is also a leading component in Go Boston 2030 and Resilient Boston.The Climate Ready Boston report, released in 2016, updated climate projections, assessed Bostons vulnerabilities to climate change, and recommended city-wide strategies for reducing vulnerability to sea-level rise and coastal flooding, more extreme heat, and more intense precipitation. The report identified East Boston and Charlestown as two of the most vulnerable neighborhoods to sea level rise and coastal flooding. Coastal Resilience Solutions For East Boston and Charlestown, the first neighborhood-specific application of the Climate Ready Boston framework, was supported by from the Massachusetts Office of Coastal Zone Management and the Barr Foundation.""The City of Boston has moved swiftly from comprehensive analysis to developing a solution strategy for key parts of the city that are vulnerable to flooding from climate change. For East Boston and Charlestown, we now have a good model that combines terrific public benefits with flood protection,"" said Bud Ris, co-chair of the Climate Preparedness Working Group of the Boston Green Ribbon Commission, a partner with the City in the Climate Ready Boston work. The Commonwealth and the City of Boston continue to take important steps to improve coastal resiliency, and todays report advances Climate Ready Boston though community-specific adaptation plans and actions, said Office of Coastal Zone Management Director Bruce Carlisle. We look forward to continuing this innovative collaboration with the City to address identified vulnerabilities at the neighborhood level and develop a broader vision for long-term climate resilience.The City intends to ensure that all of Boston is climate-ready, and is moving forward with climate resiliency planning in its most flood-prone neighborhoods. In partnership with the Boston Planning and Development Agency (BPDA), the City announced earlier this year the expansion of climate resiliency planning to the Fort Point Channel and the South Boston Waterfront. That work is currently underway. Additionally, the Citys Parks and Recreation and Environment Departments are working to ensure that the Moakely Park Vision Plan will incorporate climate resiliency design to address the threat of coastal flooding and storm surge.Climate Ready Boston is aligned with Imagine Boston 2030, Go Boston 2030, Resilient Boston, and other planning initiatives to ensure that climate adaptation supports the Mayors goals for economic growth and social equity across the city. Climate Ready Boston is led by the City of Boston in partnership with the Green Ribbon Commission and with support from the Massachusetts Office of Coastal Zone Management and the Barr Foundation.For more information about Climate Ready Boston, visit: https://www.boston.gov/climate-ready."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) today announced the City of Boston has received a $2.6 million federal award from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) to expand treatment, prevention and recovery support services for women and their children in substance use treatment facilities. The grant will serve 180 Latina women and their children in Entre Familia, a City residential substance use treatment program that offers culturally sensitive, gender-specific care and services.This grant will support Entre Familia over a five-year period. The funds will integrate on-site primary and mental health care into the program by partnering with Boston Medical Center'sProject RESPECT (Recovery, Empowerment, Social Services, Prenatal care, Education, Community and Treatment),a high risk obstetrical and addiction recovery medical home for pregnant women and their newborns.This project will build upon the program's mission of providing cost-effective, comprehensive and sustainable clinical treatment and support services that address the needs of Latina women and their children, a population historically underserved in substance use treatment.""This award will make a lasting, crucial difference in the lives of women and their children that are served by BPHC and Entre Familia,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Since 2014, we have helped over 11,000 people receive help with substance use disorders. I'm proud this funding will give young families the wraparound services they need and the support that will set them on a path to recovery.""""It is imperative that we work together to face this epidemic, and we look forward to working with the Boston Public Health Commission to expand access to the necessary treatment for Latina women with substance use disorders and their children,"" said Kelley Saia, MD, director of BMC's Project RESPECT.As the first hospital in the region to have started a program specific to these patients more than three decades ago, BMC is a leader in caring for women with substance use disorders both during pregnancy and after they deliver their baby.This award continues the Walsh Administration's goals to ensure all residents have access to the substance use treatments and supports they need. In 2014, more than 11,000 people received services for substance use disorders in Boston, according to the Massachusetts Department of Public Health. In 2015, Mayor Walsh created theMayor's Office of Recovery Services, which works closely with the Boston Public Health Commission, other City of Boston departments, state and federal agencies, local service providers, and community networks to build and support recovery services throughout the City.Since then, Boston has more than doubled staff and expanded hours at the City's access to care program, created the City's first 24/7recovery support hotline through 311, and added a street outreach team in heavily impacted areas. Most recently, Mayor Walsh doubled the capacity of the Mobile Sharps Team to pick up improperly discarded hypodermic needles, and began to pilot an engagement center for individuals in need of a space to spend time during the day and get connected to the many housing and recovery services offered by the City and partners.The Services Grant Program for Residential Treatment for Pregnant and Postpartum Women awarded to Boston is part of a $49million nationwide awardfrom SAMHSA. BPHC is one of 19 organizations across the country and the only health department selected to participate in the program, which is designed to expand services for women and their children in residential substance use treatment facilities.""Opioid use disorders continue to plague our nation,"" said Dr. Elinore McCance-Katz, Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use. ""These funds will support and expand prevention, treatment and recovery services in America's communities.""Entre Familia is a six to 12-month residential substance use treatment program that guides Latina mothers into recovery by offering core clinical treatment services, including screening, counseling, and referrals to relevant care. Since the inception of the program in 1996, Entre Familia has helped 800 Latina women and their families on their paths to recovery.Earlier this month, Boston was alsoawarded a $2.4 million SAMHSA grantto support Boston's continued work in ending chronic and veteran homelessness. The grant will serve 270 chronically homeless individuals by further increasing the City's capacity to house and provide treatment for homeless individuals with mental health and substance use disorders.TheBoston Public Health Commission, the country's oldest health department, is an independent public agency providing a wide range of health services and programs. It is governed by a seven-member board of health appointed by the Mayor of Boston. Public service and access to quality health care are the cornerstones of BPHC's mission -- to protect, preserve, and promote the health and well-being of all Boston residents, particularly those who are most vulnerable. The Commission's more than 40 programs are grouped into six bureaus: Child, Adolescent & Family Health Community Health Initiatives Homeless Services Infectious Disease Recovery Services and Emergency Medical Services."
http://www.dana-farber.org/diffuse-intrinsic-pontine-glioma-dipg/.For those who wish to learn more information, please visit the#WhyNotDevin Facebook page.
"Building on Boston's commitment to creating opportunities for all residents, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launched the Office of Returning Citizens, a newly formed office that will support the nearly 3,000 individuals who return to Boston after being released from state, federal and county facilities each year, as well as others who were previously incarcerated. The Office of Returning Citizens will be part of the Office of Public Safety, which was created in 2014.""No one should be defined by the hardest time in their lives. Everyone deserves a second chance and a fair opportunity at success. That's why we've created the Office of Public Safety, and continued our commitment to opportunity with the Office of Returning Citizens,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""For those who have been incarcerated, accessing things like housing, jobs and healthcare can be difficult. The Office of Returning Citizens will connect returning residents to resources throughout the City, making Boston safer and stronger -- a better Boston for everyone.""Earlier this month, Mayor Walshappointed Kevin Sibleyas Director of the Office of Returning Citizens. Sibley brings over 18 years of experience in human resources, program development and grant funded initiatives specific to the well-being of underserved individuals to his new role.""I know the power a second chance can have on a person's life, and I look forward to supporting every individual in need of that chance under the leadership of Mayor Walsh,"" said Kevin Sibley, Director of the Office of Returning Citizens. ""I look forward to helping those residents who need a helping hand, giving them the resources they need to lead a positive life here in Boston.""""I grew up in Dorchester, and spent eight years in and out of being incarcerated. I know that support, and knowing where to go, are crucial to breaking this cycle,"" said Romilda Pereira, a speaker at the Office opening. ""I have a different vision of life now than I did back then, and am working hard for a better future for my daughters. I appreciate what Mayor Walsh is doing, and am happy that someone is recognizing that just because you were locked up, doesn't mean your past should follow you forever. I'm glad that opportunities are being put in place for people, like me, to have a chance to change their lives.""The Office aims to help individuals who have taken healthy steps and prepared themselves to move past the consequences of their past actions, and coordinate the work done by Boston's social service and law enforce partners. This office will incorporate best practices from local, state, and federal partners and include a review of similar offices in Washington D.C. and Philadelphia.According to The Boston Reentry Study from Harvard University, individuals reentering society need assistance accessing resources to help them find permanent housing and employment. The new Office of Returning Citizens aims to empower men and women reintegrating into their communities to reach full potential as individuals, family members and residents of Boston.""As a social worker, and now as the leader of YouthConnect, I see the need for stabilization programs every day,"" said Andrea Perry, Executive Director of YouthConnect. ""For those leaving incarceration, trauma and a lack of resources hinders residents from successfully reentering society. The Office of Returning Citizens is a crucial step that will help Boston's residents connect, or reconnect, to the comprehensive resources they need to reintegrate successfully into their families and communities. I'm thankful for Mayor Walsh and Boston's leadership on this important program, and look forward to collaborating with them in the future.""Mayor Walsh created the Office of Public Safety in 2014 with the mandate of establishing cross-agency and cabinet coordination to tackle the challenging and complex problems in our neighborhoods that lead to and perpetuate violence. Part of the work of the office has included looking at services and opportunities available for individuals that are returning home. The new office will help fill gaps that exist within local, state, federal and county efforts.Previous successful programs the City has established for those leaving incarceration include Operation Exit, Boston's reentry program. Mayor Walsh established Operation Exit in 2014 to help at-risk residents, or those with a criminal background, by providing the knowledge and skills required for entry into an apprenticeship program. Through career readiness and occupational skills training, the intensive training program provides hands-on learning experiences with peer-to-peer mentorship to prepare participants for good careers. The Office of Returning Citizens will be located at22 Drydock Ave. in Boston's Seaport District, a neutral location designed to be accessible for all residents. For more information on the Office of Public Safety Initiatives,visit boston.gov."
The Boston Transportation Department is advising drivers that lane reductions will be in effect on the North Washington Street Bridge from 7 PM, Wednesday, October 25, through 5 AM, Thursday, October 26, to allow for necessary bridge repairs.Inbound travel lanes will be closed to all traffic, and inbound and outbound traffic will both be maintained using existing outbound travel lanes. Traffic delays are expected and drivers are encouraged to seek alternate routes.The Boston Public Works Department is planning for the future complete reconstruction of the North Washington Street Bridge. Interim repairs were addressed last evening and will continue to be addressed as needed to ensure safety and access prior to construction. Normal bridge operation will be in place for the Thursday morningcommute.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Douglas J. Stefanov to demolish the building located at 75G Street, South Boston. The full address is 75- 75A G Street, South Boston, MA 02127.Demo Delayapplications are posted to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of thisproperty, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on November 3, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, in partnership with the Boston Garden Development Corporation, today announced the return of ""Boston Winter Presented by Berkshire Bank"" to City Hall Plaza onFriday, November 24.Last year, in its Boston debut, more than 300,000 local residents and visitors came to experience this new, family-friendly holiday tradition at City Hall Plaza. Open to the public seven days a week, ""Boston Winter Presented by Berkshire Bank"" will feature a mix of winter activities including a unique outdoor skating path, and an expanded Holiday Shopping Market with an array of hospitality experiences and attractions produced by Millennial Entertainment Group.""I look forward to opening Boston Winter for the second year in a row, welcoming friends, families and residents to City Hall Plaza to enjoy this new holiday tradition,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Last year was an overwhelming success in showing the potential for City Hall Plaza to serve as a holiday destination, and I thank all of the collaborators for their partnership in bringing this vision to life. From ice skating, to shopping, to enjoying local artists' performances, there is something for everyone to enjoy at Boston Winter.""Berkshire Bank is the official community partner of ""Boston Winter Presented by Berkshire Bank"" at City Hall Plaza. Through the partnership, Berkshire Bank has helped bring to life year-round programming to City Hall Plaza. Their brand is integrated throughout the Plaza, and the ""Berkshire Community Stage"" will return, providing an opportunity for local artists and community groups to showcase their talent.""We're thrilled to continue to work with Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston and bring 'Boston Winter' to life again this season,"" said Sean A. Gray, Berkshire Bank's Chief Operating Officer. ""Berkshire Bank has expanded into the downtown Boston neighborhood, and this activation has really allowed us to be embedded in the community, and bring exciting memories for all at City Hall Plaza.""The holiday shopping market and attractions, produced and operated by Millennial Entertainment Group, a leading global producer of seasonal experiences, will run throughDecember 31, 2017and include unique attractions and over 85 chalets. The boutique style chalets offer a wide variety of local and international gifts, good and food. Vendors include Grace Oliver, LovePop Cards.Attractions this year include an enchanted Christmas tree maze, a Santa House, a Bavarian Village, and Vinopolis, an interactive wine and beer experience.The skating path will return in a reconfigured fashion for an entirely new experience. The outdoor skating path, operated by Rink Management Services, the largest operator of ice skating facilities in the United States, will remain open through February, offering learn-to-skate programs and many special events. Visitors can rent skates, or bring their own for Boston's first-ever custom designed pathway that weaves around the marquee ""BOSTON"" sign.'Boston Seasons presented by Berkshire Bank' is a three-year activation plan created by the City of Boston's Property Management Department in collaboration with the Boston Garden Development Corporation to revitalize Boston City Hall plaza. As evidenced by last year's success, the unique programming creates a vibrant and welcoming public space for all. Boston Garden Development Corporation, a subsidiary of Delaware North, is overseeing the efforts as the City's selected vendor to enhance Boston's City Hall Plaza.Today's announcement builds on Mayor Walsh's commitment to revitalize both City Hall and the plaza. As part of the master plan to re-envision public spaces, the Walsh Administration has invested in improvements to City Hall to make the building more welcoming and accessible to all. Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh announced renovations werecompleted in the Boston City Hall lobby, and the Boston City Council chamber. Included in the renovations is theselection of Recreo Coffeeto operate a coffee shop on the third floor mezzanine. All of these efforts are part of a master planning process, Rethink City Hall. For more information, visitrethinkcityhall.org.For more information, visit:CityHallPlazaBoston.com, follow along on Facebook atwww.facebook.com/BostonCityHallPlaza, Twitter@CHP_Bostonand Instagram@CHP_Bostonwith #BostonWinter.Millennial Entertainment Group, previously Millennial Exhibitions is a global provider of traveling exhibits and seasonal experiences for shopping malls, entertainment centers, museums and public parks. Millennial Entertainment Group produces bespoke holiday markets that enchant the public of all ages, and provide a festive environment where local makers and entrepreneurs showcase their products and wares."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launched a first-in-the-nation Citywide credit building initiative,Boston Builds Credit (BBC), which will help 25,000 Boston residents attain a credit score of 660 or higher by the year 2025 through financial education and one-on-one financial coaching. The program will be launched in Roxbury, and will expand to Dorchester and Mattapan in the following years.""A good credit score is crucial in today's economy, and Boston Builds Credit gives us real tools to continue our work in addressing income inequality and increasing economic mobility for thousands of our residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The health of a city ultimately depends on the financial health of our residents, and Boston Builds Credit, as well as Bank On Boston, will strengthen our communities by giving our residents more access to career, education and financial opportunities, including homeownership.""This innovative program is a partnership between the Mayor's Office of Financial Empowerment (OFE), United Way of Massachusetts Bay and Merrimack Valley, and LISC Boston. The planning process and program development is supported by a grant from Citi Community Development. Funding to start implementation of the three-year project, totaling $2 million so far, will come from from Citi, Bank of America and the lead partners. Mayor Walsh announced Boston Builds Credit, as well as Bank On Boston, at an event welcoming the Cities for Financial Empowerment (CFE) Coalition conference to Boston. The CFE Coalition is a nonprofit that works to improve the financial stability of low-and-moderate income households through local government. Boston was selected to become a member of the Coalition in 2015 as a result of Mayor Walsh's commitment to addressing Boston's income inequity.In Boston, an estimated 100,000 people do not have a credit score, and 136,000 have a poor credit score. These individuals pay higher interest and fees on mortgages, home insurance, car loans, and college financing, causing ""expense inequality,"" a term used to describe the sustained overpayment of interest and fees on financial products.A good credit history is a prerequisite for everyday financial products and services such as low-cost credit cards, bank accounts or car loans. Renting an apartment, paying for home insurance, signing up for utilities and even landing a job can also be affected by a person's credit history, or the absence of one. A good credit score is necessary to attain the tools to access a college degree, buy a home, or start and grow a small business.BBC's interim goal is to help 3,000 Bostonians achieve a prime, and/or average credit score increase of 30 points over the next three years.United Way has convened many of the partners over the past few months, including community-based organizations, employers and financial institutions to develop the initiative and raise funds, as well as provide training to financial coaches in partnership with the Credit Builders Alliance. In addition to its partnership with Boston Builds Credit, United Way this year is also investing over $800,000 in community-based organizations in Boston to support financial coaching and credit-building work.""We are grateful for the collaboration of so many committed community and funding partners who are participating in this initiative and who will be working with us to promote economic prosperity for all Bostonians,"" said Michael K. Durkin, United Way president and chief executive officer.""Boston Builds Credit is a great partnership that focuses on moving the needle on a key driver of economic inequality with strategies that meet people where they live and work"" said Bob Van Meter, executive director of LISC Boston.""According to the Boston Builds Credit plan released today, an estimated 100,000 Bostonians do not have a credit score, and 136,000 have a poor credit score, resulting in them paying higher interest rates and fees."" said Bob Annibale, Global Director of Citi Community Development. ""The new Boston Builds Credit program is ambitious in its scope and inclusive in its approach, and will work toward helping thousands of the city's most vulnerable Bostonians build and rebuild strong financial identities that enable them to achieve their financial goals.""The City and its partners, in collaboration with numerous community partners, have developed the following plan to guide BBC's implementation:1. Implement Citywide Strategies:Launch a public education campaign to reach residents with credit building information and toolsTrain credit building specialists to provide servicesBuild a network of credit building resources with multiple points of accessBBC is partnering with more than 25 non-profit agencies collectively representing over 100 Boston community-based organizations to implement credit building across the City. Credit building workshops, along with individualized credit building services will be available both directly and through referrals across this network.Facilitate access to safe credit productsBBC is partnering with a number of financial institutions to ensure that safe, affordable credit building products are available and that consumers are aware of and have access to these products.2. Test Citywide Strategies in Specific NeighborhoodsBBC will provide intensive and coordinated outreach to and services for residents living and/or working in particular neighborhoods identified as high need. This place-based strategy will be piloted first in Roxbury where there is need and to take advantage of the Roxbury Center for Financial Empowerment, which already offers free financial coaching. In subsequent years, the place-based strategy will be tested in two additional neighborhoods - Dorchester and Mattapan.3. Effect Systems ChangePromote investments imbued with a credit building lensBBC will seek to build the field by encouraging more grantmakers, municipalities and social investors to increase their investments in programs that integrate credit building to enhance both client and organizational outcomes.Replicate in other municipalitiesBBC will serve as a national model for other municipalities interested in creating similar city-wide credit building initiatives. To do so, BBC will develop an implementation toolkit that will be available along with training and consulting opportunities to interested municipalities.Disrupt predatory practicesBBC will work to disrupt high-cost, predatory practices by promoting the introduction of better products and services into Boston, starting with the three neighborhoods identified for place-based credit building.Promote access to accurate, real time, accessible credit educationBBC aspires to open up a dialogue with credit industry stakeholders and to help bridge gaps in understanding, debunk myths, and foster a collective sense of urgency to help set consumers and small businesses up for success.Promote consumer protectionBBC will advocate for strong consumer financial protections at both the local and state levels, and contribute where appropriate to federal efforts to educate legislators on issues and initiatives that seek to improve the lives of all Americans.BBC invites the participation of additional partners - Boston's community-based organizations, employers, small business owners, financial institutions, the credit industry, funders, residents and others - to join this effort. For up-to-date information on BBC, please visitbostonbuildscredit.org.Mayor Walsh also announced the launch of Bank On Boston, a new City-led program to connect residents with reliable, non-predatory financial products and services that can help them save, grow, and access their money.In Boston, approximately 10 percent of households do not have a checking or savings account, and rely on costly alternative financial services, such as check-cashing and payday loans. Bank On Boston will identify local financial products and services that meet ""safe banking"" standards, known as Bank On Certified Accounts. Bank On Certified Accounts must be low-cost or no-cost, easy to use, and safe.Bank On Boston is part of a nationwide movement of Bank On programs led by the Cities for Financial Empowerment (CFE) Fund.Bank On Boston will raise public awareness, expand access to financial education, and help connect residents to other OFE asset building initiatives such as Boston Saves, the Boston Tax Help Coalition, and Boston Builds Credit.The program in Boston is organized by the Mayor's Office of Financial Empowerment (OFE) and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM), with the help of local financial institutions, community organizations, and city, state, and federal partner agencies. Find out more about the national Bank On movement atjoinbankon.orgor about Bank On Boston atbankonboston.org.Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh has made addressing income disparities a priority of his administration. As part of this undertaking, he formed the Office of Financial Empowerment in 2014. The Office of Financial Empowerment's mission is to connect City residents seeking to improve their financial situation with access to asset building programs, financial education and individualized coaching, and income support. By assisting residents to obtain the tools to achieve financial prosperity, economic well-being can become a reality for Bostonians of all ages. Additional information may be found atofe.boston.govand Twitter:@OFE_Boston.United Way of Massachusetts Bay and Merrimack Valley harnesses the power of communities working together - individuals, businesses, nonprofits and government agencies - to create positive, lasting change for people in need. United Way focuses on improving two foundations of better lives: Educational Success and Financial Opportunity. This include ensuring that individuals and families have safe housing, healthy food, quality child care, a job that allows them to support themselves and their family, and access to financial tools and coaching to help them build a better future. By funding the most effective nonprofits and programs, measuring their progress and mobilizing volunteers, United Way ensures donations deliver the greatest impact and real results in the community. Additional information may be found atunitedwaymassbay.org, Twitter:@UnitedWayMaBay.LISC equips struggling communities with the capital, program strategy and know-how to become places where people can thrive. It combines corporate, government and philanthropic resources. Since 1980, LISC has invested $17.3 billion to build or rehab 366,000 affordable home and develop 61 million square feet of retail, community and educational space. LISC supports eighty financial opportunity centers across the country including here in Boston. LISC Boston has invested $286 million in community revitalization since 1981."
The Costume Dash 5K, the Boston Book Festival , a Halloween event in the North End, a celebrationat St. Cecilia Church, and other scheduled events will impact traffic and parking in Boston from Friday, October 27, through Sunday, October 29, 2017. Those attending the events are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.Friday, October 27, 2017A special event in South Boston will require the following temporary parking restrictions.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday 10AM to 5PMEast First Street, park side, the angled parking areafrom Farragut Road heading toward P Street for a distance of 20 parking spaces.Saturday, October 28The Costume Dash 5K will begin at 9 AM on Boylston Street at Copley Square. Runners will continue on Boylston Street, turn left on Charles Street, and enter the Boston Common at Beacon Street. The race will end on the Boston Common. Traffic will be delayed while runners progress along the route.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 6 AM to 12 Noon parking restrictions will be in effect as follows:The Boston Book Festival will take place in Copley Square. Dartmouth Street, between Boylston Street and St. James Avenue, will be closed to traffic from approximately 8 AM to 6 PMTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday and Saturday 8 AM to 6 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows:A North End Halloween event is scheduled to take place on Saturday, with a rain date of Sunday. Battery Street, North End, from Hanover Street to Commercial Street, will be closed to traffic from approximately 9 AM to 4 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday & Sunday 8 AM to 4 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Saturday, October 28, and Sunday, October 29, 2017A special event at St. Cecilia Church in the Back Bay will require the closing of St. Cecilia Street, between Belvidere and Scotia Streets, to traffic on both Saturday and Sunday.Tow Zone No Stopping Saturday and Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows:Tow Zone No Stopping Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows:Sunday, October 29, 2017A March for Animal Rights/World Vegan Day will begin at 12 Noon on the Boston Common. An estimated 250 participants will use public sidewalks to march on Boylston Street, right onto Ipswich Street, right onto Lansdowne Street, right onto Commonwealth Avenue, ending at Kenmore Square.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Office of Economic Development have launched theSmall Business Centerin East Boston, beginning a seven week residence at the East Boston Branch of the Boston Public Library (365 Bremen St., East Boston).First launchedby Mayor Walsh this past summer in Mattapan, the second installment of the Small Business Center will offer eight unique and free small small business workshops in partnership with more than a dozen leading business service organizations.""After a successful launch in Mattapan, I am proud to have the Small Business Center open its doors in East Boston,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""Boston's small businesses and neighborhood commercial districts are the backbone of our communities, and I will continue to support entrepreneurs and small business owners with expert and streamlined guidance.""In the first installment of the Small Business Center, over 200 small business owners and entrepreneurs attended nine workshops and coaching sessions hosted by the Mayor's Office of Economic Development, and in partnership with business support organizations and experts retained through the on-site technical assistance program.""Generating and expanding networks of opportunity is a key step in creating a healthy and thriving small business ecosystem, and the small business center will continue to reach and assist business owners and entrepreneurs in every Boston neighborhood,"" said John Barros, Chief of Economic Development. ""We are eager to build on the positive feedback we received from the small business community and look forward to bringing a tailored and enhanced program to small businesses in East Boston and beyond."" Data shows that the businesses which most frequently attended workshops included food-based businesses, contracting companies, as well as retail and web-based businesses. Workshops that saw the most attendees were focused on access to capital, tips for operating a food-based businesses and guidance on winning public contracts.""We are thrilled to be collaborating with the City of Boston and our local partners to be able to bring these fantastic opportunities to East Boston's small business owners,"" said Max Gruner, Executive Director, East Boston Main Streets. ""A streamlined, central resource for small businesses is enormously helpful, and I look forward to continued work with Mayor Walsh's administration on growing the small business landscape in East Boston.""""The staff was very knowledgeable, friendly, and helpful, and the presenters were very approachable and friendly. The 1 on 1 services that were offered were very helpful and beneficial,"" said Yusuf Ali, of Mattapan United.""I thought the office of Economic Development and small business development did a fantastic job providing these high-impact training and networking session, especially in areas where there is a huge number of demographics of color and immigration populations,"" said Leonard Tshitenge, a Poet, Speaker, Social Entrepreneur, Community/Youth Organizer.The East Boston Small Business Center will offer eight workshops of high-impact professional training, networking and one-on-one coaching sessions beginningThursday, October 19 through Thursday, December 7. Based on feedback from the small business community and prioritized in the City of Boston's first everSmall Business Plan, workshop topics range from leasing and legal guidance, to tips on accessing capital resources, to tailored advice for immigrant entrepreneurs. Spanish interpretation will be available for each workshop and coaching session.The Economic Development Cabinet's mission is to make Boston an appealing and accessible place for working families, entrepreneurs, businesses, and investors to innovate, grow, and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for all Bostonians and the experience for all visitors. Learn more on theirwebsite.Boston Main Streetsprovides funding and technical assistant to 20 neighborhood-based Main Streets districts throughout the City of Boston, and has served as a national model for urban areas seeking to revitalize neighborhood commercial districts including Baltimore, Washington, D.C., Milwaukee, Detroit, New Orleans, Seattle and Portland, Oregon. Boston Main Streets continues to empower individuals in the small business sector to have a direct role in the economic health, physical appearance, and development of their own community."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Thomas Colleran to demolish the single-family residence and single-story commercial structure located at 287 Old Colony Avenue. The full address is 287 Old Colony Avenue, Dorchester, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 2, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Abraham Alvarez to demolish the single-family residencelocated at 265 Hancock Street in Dorchester. The full address is 265 Hancock Street, Dorchester, MA 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 2, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Tom Peterson with Debbie, LLC to demolish the single-family residence located at 30 Yale Terrace in Jamaica Plain. The full address is 30 Yale Terrace, Jamaica Plain, MA 02130.BLC posts Demo Delayapplications to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of thisproperty, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 3, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Last May, we had an exciting opportunity to work with the Citys Landmarks Commission. The task was to promote Preservation Month in Boston.The project started as an assortment of bookmarks. As interest in the campaign grew, posters and tote bags were quick to follow. The project ended up being one of our teams most popular campaigns. We had so many requests for the artwork that we made the posters available online.The focus of the project was to highlight the architectural identities of the Historic Districts, the Landmarks Commission and the Archaeology Program, said Kathleen von Jena, assistant survey director of the Landmarks Commission. It has worked beautifully in helping to define what we do.The project was kicked off by the Citys Landmarks Commission. All of the artwork was created in-house by our amazing designer, Caroline Stjarnborg. Caroline was a driving force behind the illustration style featured in the campaign. Her designs spread throughout the preservation community.This week, the campaign designs received a 2017 American Graphic Design Award (GDUSA). We're thrilled to be a part of a great project that highlights the architectural gems of the Boston community. If you missed the swag the first time around, dont worry -- were doing another run of the print materials. You can also download the posters online.As we take some time to celebrate, we're excited to keep moving forward. Look out for more collaborations with other departments and non-government partners.
At this weeks Council meeting, one by one each Council member stood to wish one of their partners in government adieu. Bill Linehan performed his last motion as Chair of the Planning & Development Committee by suspending and passing Docket #1321, a grant appropriation allowing the City of Boston to accept $1.5M from Massachusetts Port Authority -- funds that will be used in the South Boston community to mitigate port related activities with special interest in youth, sports, and open space opportunities. The Councilors closing statement to the body regarding the motion was, My last day, my last matter, something sustainable for the district. Its important going forward. Please support this matter. And they did!The chamber was filled not only with joy and emotion, but with elected officials both past and present, includingMayor Martin J. Walsh and former Mayor and Ambassador to the Vatican, Raymond Flynn. The Councilors children and his loving wife of over 40 years, Judy, were all in attendance.Councilor Linehan closed the book on 10 years of public service as a Boston City Councilor and 43 years as a public employee of the City. He went down the line thanking his staff, central staff, and each Councilor individually for their friendship, banter, debate, and interactionover the years. He did so with specific examples, lots of laughter, cheer, and some comedic relief. One by one, the other Councilors returned the favor, as avideo montageplayed in the background.Councilor Linehans last action as a Councilor was to gavel the Council meeting to a close as he received the crystal gavel. The Council is going to miss him, but we wish him nothing but the best on his future endeavors.
During the October 18, 2017 Boston City Council meeting, the Council voted to adopt a Resolution urging the State Legislature to pass House Bill 3017, an Act to Preserve Affordable Housing Through a Local Option Tenants Right to Purchase. This bill would allow tenants, or a non-profit on their behalf, the opportunity to match the fair market value offered by a prospective buyer for a building with three or more units. If a non-profit or the City purchases the building, they are required to keep the units affordable. This would provide Boston with an important tool to fight the displacement and affordable housing crises.Displacement is a public health issue and the current housing crisis in Boston has destabilizing effects on individuals, families, and entire communities. One of the most immediate and disruptive challenges facing residents is access to safe, clean, and affordable housing,  said Councilor Pressley.She followed up with, As the Founder and Chair of the City Councils Committee on Healthy Women, Families, and Communities, I know that affordable housing is critical to the health of our communities, the preservation of our racial, cultural and socioeconomic diversity, and the stability of our workforce. This is a national crisis that we need to address regionally and we need to leverage every tool available to us to stop displacement.This bill only guarantees the opportunity to match an existing offer to purchase the building, thereby maintaining the sellers interest to retain fair market value for their property. The District of Columbia implemented this same legislation in 1980 and has given tenants the ability to protect themselves and give them the ability to remain in their home.
During the October 18, 2017 Boston City Council meeting, the Council unanimously approved a supplemental appropriation of $3,256,331 in order to provide funding for the Boston Police Department (BPD) for the FY18 cost items contained within the collective bargaining agreement between the City of Boston and the Boston Police Detectives Benevolent Society.There are 270 members in the Boston Police Detectives Benevolent Society and the terms of the agreement run through June 30, 2020. The major provisions of the contract include base wage increases of 2% each year, increases to existing Quinn Bill/Education benefits, a new cumulative risk enhancement benefit, and increases to hazardous duty pay.Additional policy modifications targeted toward departmental financial savings include: clarified language regarding officer swaps new limits and clarified circumstances when officers are entitled to court vacation days as a result of having to appear in court during previously scheduled time off new administrative efficiencies regarding vacation and holiday start times and modified department procedures for officers who volunteer to be called in.The approval of this funding brings the FY18 budget for the BPD to approximately $377 million.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, in partnership with Revere Mayor Brian Arrigo, today announced that a formal proposal has been submitted by the City of Boston and the City of Revere in response to Amazon's request for proposals for their second corporate headquarters in North America (HQ2). The proposal celebrates the talented workforce, diverse communities, strong connectivity and transportation infrastructure, and culture of innovation in Boston and the surrounding region. The proposal also relies on the goals outlined inImagine Boston 2030,a comprehensive citywide plan released onJuly 21, as a roadmap for growing inclusively with Amazon.""We are excited to present the best of Boston to Amazon, with support from leaders in the educational, business and philanthropic communities and our neighbors in Revere, as the company considers locations for their second corporate headquarters in North America,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""With the recent completion of the first citywide plan in decades, this is a unique opportunity to build on the strengths and act on the goals set by residents in Imagine Boston 2030 to grow inclusively. Boston is a thriving city and we invite Amazon to grow with us.""According to Amazon, the company expects to, ""invest over $5 billion in construction and grow this second headquarters to include as many as 50,000 high-paying jobs"" over the next 15 years, in addition to, ""tens of thousands of additional jobs and tens of billions of dollars in additional investment in the surrounding community.""Boston has added more than 60,000 new jobs since 2014, the annual unemployment rate decreased from 6.1 percent in 2013 to 3.4 percent in 2016, and the city was recently nationally ranked as thebest city for fostering entrepreneurial growthand innovation for the second year in a row by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation.""Boston's business community has a long history of successfully working closely with the city and state as allies united in creating solutions that drive economic development and generate economic opportunity for people and businesses,"" said James. E. Rooney, president and CEO of the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce.The proposal features Boston's strengths, from a highly-educated workforce to its representation as a global community, with 29 percent of the population being foreign born and representing over 100 countries. Boston is an innovative city with a strong and growing economy and the city celebrates being a national leader in many areas, including access to parks and open space, walkability, commercial fiber connectivity, and energy efficiency.""Our universities provide the intellectual infrastructure - the ideas, solutions, technologies, and talent that fuel growth, and attract startups and established companies - that makes our region a competitive place for Amazon's next venture, and for the future generations of thinkers and creators who will live, study, and work here,"" said Harvard President Drew Gilpin Faust.""Northeastern University today is the only university with campuses in both Boston and Seattle, helping to produce a pipeline of talent for firms like Amazon,"" said Northeastern University President Joseph E. Aoun. ""With ready access to talent, venture capital, and guided by a singular entrepreneurial ethos, Boston is poised to further help Amazon shape the digital economy of the future.""The proposal underscores how Boston is experiencing an economic and population boom, with approximately 724,000 residents projected to live in the City of Boston by 2030. Boston's rapid growth has created a high demand for housing, which the city is addressing by committing to adding 53,000 new units of housing by 2030. To date, 22,000 units have been built or are under construction and 25,300 additional housing units are in the pipeline, as outlined in the city's housing plan""Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030.""The proposal also invites Amazon to engage with the City of Boston as a long-term partner in supporting workforce training, innovation and small businesses among other potential opportunities for collaboration.Suffolk Downs is featured in the proposal as a single-owner, transit-friendly, 160-acre open canvas that is close to the waterfront, the airport, and downtown, and served by two existing Blue Line stations. Identified in Imagine Boston 2030 as a transformational opportunity for a new mixed-use, mixed-income neighborhood with significant potential for investment in Boston and Revere, Suffolk Downs is one of the largest development sites in the Northeast and, in addition to meeting Amazon's current goals for HQ2, has the flexibility to evolve with the ever-changing needs of the company.""I'm elated about the prospect of Amazon locating its HQ2 in Massachusetts,"" said House Speaker Robert A. DeLeo. ""I was proud to collaborate with the City of Boston on this proposal and I thank Mayor Walsh and Mayor Arrigo for their incredible leadership and insight. As someone who grew up in East Boston and who has represented Revere in the House for more than two decades, I believe that the Suffolk Downs site is an ideal fit. With our spirit of partnership, support for programs that prepare the innovators oftomorrow, and the remarkable logistical assets of Suffolk Downs, our proposal is uniquely suited to meet Amazon's specifications and bring jobs to our area.""""This is an opportunity to envision the future of Suffolk Downs and plan for a dynamic, mixed-use neighborhood that will serve as a revitalized anchor for Revere and Boston for decades to come, "" Revere Mayor Arrigo said. ""At Suffolk Downs, Amazon's HQ2 can be surrounded by retail, restaurants, recreational facilities, open space, and nightlife. This will be an optimal location to live, work and play.""The proposal also suggests potential sites in many other Boston neighborhoods that are well-positioned to be the home of HQ2, all of which have been identified for growth in Imagine Boston 2030. These additional sites are suggested in ""clusters"" and located in the South Boston Waterfront and downtown Boston South End, Back Bay, Roxbury and Widett Circle and Allston/Brighton to South Station. Any site chosen by Amazon for HQ2 would be required to go through local permitting and community processes, and proposals will likely evolve as a result of conversations with the community, Amazon and other stakeholders.""City and state officials were true partners in our relocation, in everything from site selection to permitting our new campus,"" said Ann R. Klee, vice president of General Electric, who oversaw the company's relocation to Boston. ""Governor Baker and Mayor Walsh worked with us every step of the way so we were able to break ground on our new campus in record time.""""Moving to Boston means moving to a city with unique neighborhoods and a passionate, innovative, and active community,"" said Matt O'Toole, brand president for Reebok. ""Boston is a city that moves, and that movement brings the city to life."" Reebok moved their headquarters to Boston this year.The proposal does not include a specific offer of tax incentives, and instead communicates the availability of these tools.The city uses local property tax incentives when projects face specific challenges or create unique opportunities in providing significant new jobs and investment in underdeveloped areas. The appropriateness of incentives is determined by the unique details of individual projects.To view the full proposal for Amazon HQ2, please visitamazon.boston.gov."
The proposal celebrates the talented workforce, diverse communities, strong connectivity and transportation infrastructure, and culture of innovation in Boston and the surrounding region. The proposal is guided by the goals outlined inImagine Boston 2030,as a roadmap for growing inclusively with Amazon.We are excited to present the best of Boston to Amazon, with support from leaders in the educational, business and philanthropic communities and our neighbors in Revere, as the company considers locations for their second corporate headquarters in North America, said Mayor Walsh. With the recent completion of the first citywide plan in decades, this is a unique opportunity to build on the strengths and act on the goals set by residents in Imagine Boston 2030 to grow inclusively. Boston is a thriving city and we invite Amazon to grow with us.According to Amazon, the company expects to, invest over $5 billion in construction and grow this second headquarters to include as many as 50,000 high-paying jobs over the next 15 years, in addition to, tens of thousands of additional jobs and tens of billions of dollars in additional investment in the surrounding community.Boston has added more than 60,000 new jobs since 2014, the annual unemployment rate decreased from 6.1 percent in 2013 to 3.4 percent in 2016, and the city was recently nationally ranked as thebest city for fostering entrepreneurial growthand innovation for the second year in a row by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation.Bostons business community has a long history of successfully working closely with the city and state as allies united in creating solutions that drive economic development and generate economic opportunity for people and businesses, said James. E. Rooney, president and CEO of the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce.The proposal features Bostons strengths, from a highly-educated workforce to its representation as a global community, with 29 percent of the population being foreign born and representing over 100 countries. Boston is an innovative city with a strong and growing economy and the city celebrates being a national leader in many areas, including access to parks and open space, walkability, commercial fiber connectivity, and energy efficiency.Our universities provide the intellectual infrastructure  the ideas, solutions, technologies, and talent that fuel growth, and attract startups and established companies  that makes our region a competitive place for Amazons next venture, and for the future generations of thinkers and creators who will live, study, and work here, said Harvard President Drew Gilpin Faust.Northeastern University today is the only university with campuses in both Boston and Seattle, helping to produce a pipeline of talent for firms like Amazon, said Northeastern University President Joseph E. Aoun. With ready access to talent, venture capital, and guided by a singular entrepreneurial ethos, Boston is poised to further help Amazon shape the digital economy of the future.The proposal underscores how Boston is experiencing an economic and population boom, with approximately 724,000 residents projected to live in the City of Boston by 2030. Bostons rapid growth has created a high demand for housing, which the city is addressing by committing to adding 53,000 new units of housing by 2030. To date, 22,000 units have been built or are under construction and 25,300 additional housing units are in the pipeline, as outlined in the citys housing planHousing A Changing City: Boston 2030.The proposal also invites Amazon to engage with the City of Boston as a long-term partner in supporting workforce training, innovation and small businesses among other potential opportunities for collaboration.Suffolk Downs, one ofImagine BostonsExpanded Neighborhoods, is featured in the proposal as a single-owner, transit-friendly, 160-acre open canvas that is close to the waterfront, the airport, and downtown, and served by two existing Blue Line stations. Identified in Imagine Boston 2030 as a transformational opportunity for a new mixed-use, mixed-income neighborhood with significant potential for investment in Boston and Revere, Suffolk Downs is one of the largest development sites in the Northeast and, in addition to meeting Amazons current goals for HQ2, has the flexibility to evolve with the ever-changing needs of the company.Im elated about the prospect of Amazon locating its HQ2 in Massachusetts, said House Speaker Robert A. DeLeo. I was proud to collaborate with the City of Boston on this proposal and I thank Mayor Walsh and Mayor Arrigo for their incredible leadership and insight. As someone who grew up in East Boston and who has represented Revere in the House for more than two decades, I believe that the Suffolk Downs site is an ideal fit. With our spirit of partnership, support for programs that prepare the innovators of tomorrow, and the remarkable logistical assets of Suffolk Downs, our proposal is uniquely suited to meet Amazons specifications and bring jobs to our area.This is an opportunity to envision the future of Suffolk Downs and plan for a dynamic, mixed-use neighborhood that will serve as a revitalized anchor for Revere and Boston for decades to come,  Revere Mayor Arrigo said. At Suffolk Downs, Amazons HQ2 can be surrounded by retail, restaurants, recreational facilities, open space, and nightlife. This will be an optimal location to live, work and play.The proposal also suggests potential sites in many other Boston neighborhoods that are well-positioned to be the home of HQ2, all of which have been identified for growth in Imagine Boston 2030. These additional sites are suggested in clusters and located in the South Boston Waterfront and downtown Boston South End, Back Bay, Roxbury and Widett Circle and Allston/Brighton to South Station. Any site chosen by Amazon for HQ2 would be required to go through local permitting and community processes, and proposals will likely evolve as a result of conversations with the community, Amazon and other stakeholders.City and state officials were true partners in our relocation, in everything from site selection to permitting our new campus, said Ann R. Klee, vice president of General Electric, who oversaw the companys relocation to Boston. Governor Baker and Mayor Walsh worked with us every step of the way so we were able to break ground on our new campus in record time.Moving to Boston means moving to a city with unique neighborhoods and a passionate, innovative, and active community, said Matt OToole, brand president for Reebok. Boston is a city that moves, and that movement brings the city to life. Reebok moved their headquarters to Boston this year.The proposal does not include a specific offer of tax incentives, and instead communicates the availability of these tools.The city uses local property tax incentives when projects face specific challenges or create unique opportunities in providing significant new jobs and investment in underdeveloped areas. The appropriateness of incentives is determined by the unique details of individual projects.Boston is the ideal place for Amazon HQ2. Just look at what Boston brings to the table:Join the conversation with@Amazonby using the hashtags #BostonYES #ImagineBoston #Boston #HQ2!To view the full proposal for Amazon HQ2, please visitamazon.boston.gov.
The Chinatown Lantern Festival and the Mission Hill Road Race will impact traffic and parking in Boston on Saturday, October 21, 2017. Those attending the events are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.The following streets in Chinatown will be closed to vehicles from 7 AM to 6 PM for the Chinatown Lantern Festival:Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows:The Mission Hill Road Race will begin at 9 AM for walkers and 10 AM for runners. An estimated 350 participants will gather at Kevin W. Fitzgerald Park at St. Alphonsus Street and turn left onto Hillside Street, left onto Pontiac Street, right onto Cherokee Street, left onto Hillside Street, right onto Parker Street, right onto Wensley Street, left onto Bucknam Street, right onto Lawn Street, right onto Hayden Street, left onto Fisher Avenue, right onto Parker Avenue, left onto Calumet Street, straight onto Iroquis Street, left onto Sachem Street, right onto Parker Hill Avenue, right onto Parker Hill Street, right onto Hillside Street, left onto Darling Street, right onto Pequot Street, right onto Oswald Street, left onto Hillside Street, right onto St. Alphonsus Street, back into the park. Traffic will be delayed as participants progress along the route.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 7Am to 1PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows:
Would you like to be a part of the decision-making process for allocating funds for affordable housing, historic preservation, and recreation? The Boston City Councils Special Committee on the Community Preservation Act has announced the application process for recruitment of individuals to serve on the City of Bostons Community Preservation Committee (CPC). Residents can now apply to be one of the four members that will be appointed by the Boston City Council by December 2017.The CPCs primary responsibilities include: approving an administrative budget for the Citys Community Preservation program developing an annual Community Preservation Plan reviewing project applications and making recommendations for funding approval. Further, CPC members are required to meet with regularity and engage with community groups throughout the City as needed.The Community Preservation Committee, which was created by ordinance, is a board consisting of nine total members. Five members, by statute, are representatives of City entities. The remaining four members are appointed by the Boston City Council with the following requirements for each of the seats:CPC members serve a three-year term in a volunteer capacity, and must be residents of Boston who are not City of Boston employees.Michael Flaherty, Chair of the Special Committee on the Community Preservation Act, said, I look forward to the Boston City Council appointing residents of our city to be part of the process of how we allocate the revenue that is consistent with the goals and ideals of moving Boston forward. Further, as we are going through a period of rapid growth and displacement, I want to focus on the creation of more affordable housing - particularly senior housing, veterans housing, and workforce housing. Andrea J. Campbell, Vice Chair of the committee, said, This group will be instrumental in realizing the benefits of the Community Preservation Act, and making sure those benefits reach every neighborhood in the City of Boston. I encourage residents to apply, and look forward to working with my colleagues to select a diverse group of experts and community-involved leaders to serve on the CPC.Alongside the Boston City Councils Special Committee on the Community Preservation Act, the City of Boston has appointed Christine Poff as the Director of the Citys Community Preservation Program. In this role, Director Poff is responsible for determining community needs, ensuring transparency in the funding allocation process, and completing annual reports on CPA projects and expenditures.Please click here to fill out an application. If you have any question, contact the Boston City Councils Special Committee on the Community Preservation Act by phone at 617-635-4205 or by emailing ccc.cpa@boston.gov. The deadline to submit your application is Thursday, November 9, 2017.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh joined the Center for American Progress and The Center for Earth, Energy and Democracy today to celebrate Boston's leadership on climate resiliency and equity.The Center for American Progress (CAP) and the Center for Earth, Energy, and Democracy (CEED) recently released a new report,A Framework for Local Action on Climate Change: 9 Ways Mayors Can Build Resilient and Just Cities, which recognizes efforts by Mayor Walsh and other mayors and city leaders across the country to curb carbon pollution and fight climate change, while taking concrete steps to improve climate change resilience, along with addressing associated economic, racial, and social equity issues.The report specifically highlights the significant progress being made in Boston under Mayor Walsh's leadership of the inclusion of equity goals and principles in the City's climate action and preparedness plans.""The effects of climate disproportionately impact some communities over others and cities across the country have a responsibility to not only acknowledge these inequities, but develop and implement strategies to address them,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm proud that the City of Boston recognizes how climate, resilience, and social equity intersect and what we've accomplished in that realm. CAP and CEED are leaders on many issues and it's great to work alongside them and other mayors across the country to reach these common goals.""Cecilia Martinez, Executive Director of the Center for Earth, Energy and Democracy, said the new report by CEED and the Center for American Progress, assessed dozens of city climate action and resilience plans and found that Mayor Walsh'sResilient Bostonplan puts forth the most comprehensive, action-oriented strategy that serves as a model for other cities.""Mayor Walsh has embraced the need to achieve racial and economic equity as the central strategy for building citywide resilience to more extreme weather and climate change,"" said Martinez. ""Boston is committed to combating climate change, while also tackling the historic racial and economic inequities that make the city's communities of color and low-income areas the most vulnerable to climate change. This commitment is both ambitious and essential to ensuring a resilient and prosperous future for Boston.""Cathleen Kelly, a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress,calledWalsh a leader for recognizing that creating equitable economic opportunities is key to helping Bostonians prepare for the effects of climate change and other shocks.""By tearing down historic barriers to economic opportunity for communities of color and families living paycheck to paycheck, mayors can ensure that all residents have access to living wages, affordable housing and themeans to withstand the new normal of more floods, storms and other climate change risks,"" Kelly said. ""The Mayor'sResilient Bostonplan is groundbreaking in that it aims to create pathways to good-paying jobs for Boston's communities of color, including by connecting all residents to the city's economic hubs through reliable public transportation networks and by expanding education opportunities for people of color.""Along with stressing the importance of the inclusion of equity and justice goals and principles in cities' climate action and preparedness plans,A Framework for Local Action on Climate Change: 9 Ways Mayors Can Build Resilient and Just Citiesrecommends nine key policy areas for mayors across the country to focus on in forming their resilience and climate strategies including supporting social cohesion and deeply connected communities, collaborating with community groups and building neighborhood capacity to shape and implement climate change solutions, increasing access to affordable and clean energy, and investing in resilient infrastructure and nature-based solutions.The City of Boston has implemented several plans and initiatives recognized by the Center for American Progress and the Center for Earth, Energy and Democracy for leading the way on equitable climate resiliency including:Imagine Boston 2030, the City of Boston's first citywide plan in over 50 years, identifies initiatives that will expand opportunity to all Bostonians, support a vibrant economy, enhance quality of life, and prepare for climate change. It encourages work to enhance the vibrancy of our neighborhoods, expand neighborhoods to find space for housing and jobs, build a resilient waterfront for future generations, and improve access to opportunity to historically underserved neighborhoods.Resilient Boston,Boston's resilience strategy, is focused on ensuring every resident can reach their full potential regardless of their background, and removing the barriers of systemic racism that hinder Bostonians from having access to opportunities. In 2015, Boston partnered with community organizations and businesses to convene a series of workshops, meetings, and events to understand Bostonians' priorities for the resilience strategy. In 2016, Boston collaboratively hosted a series of workshops to understand the connection between resilience and racial equity, which meant tackling difficult conversation about racism. This process led to a resilience and racial equity lens which includes key questions the City can use to evaluate policies and programs. Resilient Boston identifies five questions to evaluate policies through the .lens of resilience and racial equity: 1) What was the impetus for this policy or program? 2) What are the possible unintended consequences of the policy? 3) What steps can be taken to avoid or repair these unintended consequences? 4) How are the area and the communities thatwould face unintended consequences part of developing the plan? 5) Choose a measure which, if it were crossed, should trigger a re-evaluation and plan of actionwithin 6 months. These questions are used to shape the City of Boston's policy initiatives and plans, including those focused on the environment and climate.Climate Ready Bostonhas set Boston's climate preparedness agenda by developing a climate adaptation strategy to enable Boston to thrive in the face of climate change. It presents a thorough analysis of Boston's climate risks and describes the initiatives the City and its partners should undertake to manage these risks. Climate Ready Boston presents five layers of initiatives to create a more climate-ready city: 1) a climate-projection consensus to underpin decision making, 2) empowered communities that are prepared for risks, 3) protected shores, 4) resilient infrastructure, and 5) adapted buildings. Climate Ready Boston's initiatives are guided by principles that produce multiple benefits, leverage building and investment cycles, create layers of protection, incorporate local involvement, and design for flexibility and adaptability.Climate Ready Boston Leadersis a pilot outreach program to train members of the Boston community on how to talk about the impacts of climate change in their backyards and supports their efforts to facilitate conversations on climate change with neighbors. More than 70 leaders have been trained and then hosted more than 30 discussions across the city, reaching over 500 people.Greenovate Bostonis the City's initiative to get all Bostonians involved in eliminating the pollution that causes global climate change, while continuing to make Boston a healthy, thriving, and innovative city. Through the Greenovate Neighborhoods program, the City is strengthening our network of invested stakeholders of the Climate Action Plan. Greenovate Boston also connect residents with energy efficiency tips and resources, and reached more than 40,000 Bostonians to date.The Boston Community Energy Studyexplores the potential for local energy generation, district energy and microgrids.Zero Waste Bostonis the City's planning process to reduce waste, spur job growth, and achieve cost-savings. The plan will recommend goals and timelines for waste reduction and disposal cost savings for the commercial, industrial and institutional, and residential sectors.Find more on climate resiliencyhere."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Joe Hennessey with Kems Construction Corp. todemolish the two-story mixed-use structure located at 545 East Third Street in South Boston. The full address is 545 East Third Street, South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 28, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
During the October 18, 2017 Boston City Council meeting, the Council voted unanimously on the Right to Charge, a home rule petition which would codify the rights of condominium unit owners to install personal electric vehicle charging stations in or near their dedicated parking spots.The proposal prohibits a condo association from unreasonably restricting an owner from installing an electric vehicle charging station on or in certain areas in which they have exclusive use, or on a common element, as long as the charging station is a reasonable distance for the dedicated parking spots.The proposal seeks to increase access to electric vehicle charging stations and will encourage increased use of electric vehicles as a result making it easier for the City of Boston to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions.Given that 30% of greenhouse gas emissions come from transportation, we want residents in any living situation to be able to switch from gasoline-powered vehicles to electric vehicles, and we want to set the stage for charging infrastructure now since the costs of electric vehicles are quickly becoming more affordable, said Councilor Wu.
After gathering public input, Mayor Walsh set a goal of launching a zero waste planning process in the 2014 Climate Action Plan update.Since then, the City and community supporters alike have been working diligently to translate that goal into action through research and community-level events, like the 2016Zero Waste Municipal Leaders Summit.This Greenovate Boston post is the first in a new series on the concept of zero waste in Boston, the implications for stakeholders across the city, and what you can do at home, work, and school to help us reach our goal together.What is zero waste?As consumers, we buy, use, and discard the physical stuff that makes up our everyday lives.This includes everything that eventually gets thrown out -- from discarded containers, to old cell phones, to construction waste, to your funky dinner leftovers.And all that stuff really adds up. In 2016, the City produced an estimated 600,000 tons of municipal solid waste. (Municipal solid waste is a technical term used to describe all the combined physical stuff that is discarded in any waste stream across the residential and commercial sectors). 242,000 tons of that came from Boston residents, and they recycled and composted 21 percent of it.But is all that discarded material really at the end of its life? Most of the stuff in the trash has a lot left to give or can be remade into something useful. If we send it to a landfill or incinerator, all that potential is sadly lost.Zero waste is a conscious change from the use-and-toss mentality to a more cyclical mindset. By considering a material's next use when we go to throw it away, we give that stuff the chance to provide value again. Today's aluminum soup can can become a kid's bicycle frame next year.From a waste management perspective, the zero in zero waste means that as much solid waste as possible is reclaimed, and essentially none is left to be burned or landfilled. Additionally, zero waste reaches beyond diverting the waste we currently generate to urge us to produce less trash in the first place and appreciate quality and longevity in what we have.Why is zero waste important to Boston?In our approach to waste reduction, the City of Boston recognizes the internationally accepted definition put forward by the Zero Waste International Alliance:Zero waste is a goal that is ethical, economical, efficient and visionary, to guide people in changing their lifestyles and practices to emulate sustainable natural cycles, where all discarded materials are designed to become resources for others to use.Zero waste means designing and managing products and processes to systematically avoid and eliminate the volume and toxicity of waste and materials, conserve and recover all resources, and not burn or bury them. Implementing zero waste will eliminate all discharges to land, water or air that are a threat to planetary, human, animal or plant health.Zero waste provides Boston with bountiful opportunities: better health for children and adults, good green jobs in the innovative fields of material repair, reuse, and remanufacture, and a greater sense of community as people share their resources and address social inequities.Our zero waste goal is also important because of the big impacts waste has on individuals, communities, and the whole city. It means less pollution in places like the Charles River, less potentially harmful greenhouse gasemissions from factories of the products we use, and less waste burning in incinerators.What does zero waste look like at home and work?Yes, the shift to zero waste will require policy and behavior changes at the municipal and industry levels. But, there is a lot you can do right now to start living a zero waste lifestyle.You can begin simply by separating your recyclables intothe blue bin, putting your leavesout for compostingor in your ownbackyard compost bin, and dropping your organics off atone of our neighborhood Project Oscar binsor in your garbage disposal. Find creative re-uses for items at home or work instead of buying more, and shop for quality and durability instead of cheapness and disposability.Hosting a clothing swap or showing a neighbor how to sort their waste are also good ways to get started.Businesses can get in on the zero waste action too consider getting a waste audit, setting up food waste composting, and assessing how reduction, reuse, and remanufacturing can improve your products and services.What are some zero waste considerations at the city level?The City of Bostons current set of policies and services offer a great starting point for zero waste. We provide residential trash and recycling collection across the city and enforce public sanitation codes to ensure legal dumping and healthy streets. We require large residential buildings to provide recycling for their residents, and require commercial trash haulers to offer recycling services as well. These serve as early steps in the transition process.The City may consider a variety of factors to move us towards the zero waste goal: our ability to negotiate waste contracts, issue hauler permits, enforce regulations, plan neighborhood development, and incentivize new job creation and innovation.This is a big goal. How will we get there?One step at a time. As part of its Climate Action Plan, the City is starting the process of zero waste planning, and this blog post is the first of a series that will explore the essentials of zero waste in Boston. Stay tuned in to Greenovate as we share progress from this multi-year process.If youd like to follow along as we discuss the ins and outs of going zero waste, you can subscribe to our general email listhere. If you would like to receive periodic updates about the more technical side of the municipal waste management planning process,sign up here.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, in collaboration with the Charlestown Community Impact Fund, today announced the approval of $197,500 in grant awards for 38 nonprofits and organizations that serve the Charlestown community. Awards support projects spanning the areas of arts and culture, community enrichment activities and events, education, youth sports, veterans, after-school activities, mentoring, job training, substance abuse and recovery, senior programming, environmental and community gardening, and health and wellness.The Charlestown Community Impact Fund was created as a result of the Surrounding Community Agreement reached between Mayor Walsh and Wynn Resorts. As part of this agreement, Wynn has made a one-time payment of $1 million designated for local Charlestown nonprofits and community organizations. Additionally, Wynn Casino will pay a Community Impact Fee of $2 million annually once the casino opens, as long as the casino is operating.""These grants are why I fought to negotiate the largest community benefit Boston could obtain from the Wynn Casino. My priority has always been to preserve and protect the quality of life in Charlestown, and these grant awards do just that, helping everyone from students to older residents to veterans gain increased services and opportunities,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Charlestown Community Impact Fund represents our continued work on behalf of the people of Charlestown.""In 2017, the Charlestown Community Impact Fund awarded 80 mini-grants totaling $376,500 to 50 nonprofits and organizations. The Managing Committee has been committed to awarding mini-grants in the range of $1,000 - $10,000 to ensure fairness, as well as to ensure the money is distributed to as many eligible groups as possible, and that the money in the fund is available to the community until the casino opens.""We'll use this grant to create a veteran outreach program in Charlestown, knocking on doors in the community to create a registry of veterans in Charlestown, ensuring veterans have access to the services they need and deserve. In addition, we'll use the grant to create an online resource for Charlestown veterans,"" saidJoe Zuffante, President of the Board of Directors of the Friends of Memorial Hall.""These grants make a big, lasting difference to Charlestown residents, and I thank Mayor Walsh and our partners for ensuring these funds go to benefit Charlestown.""""I want to thank Mayor Walsh and his administration for their work in dispersing these mitigation funds to the Charlestown community,"" said Representative Dan Ryan. ""There is a lot of development going on in and around our town. These funds go a long way toward helping our nonprofits meet their mission and continue to make Charlestown a place where people want to live, work and play.""""I am excited about the latest round for the Charlestown Community Impact Fund Grants. These grants will tremendously help to support youth sports, elderly services, substance abuse, community groups and local non-profits,"" said City Councilor Sal LaMattina. ""I also would like to commend Mayor Walsh for making sure the mitigation funds stay in Charlestown.""The seven members of the Managing Committee of the Charlestown Community Impact Fund are responsible for distribution of the funds. The committee is made up of City of Boston staff and members of Charlestown's elected delegation. The Fund awards mini-grants twice per year in the spring and the fall.The Charlestown Community Impact Fund Managing Committee voted at its October 12, 2017 meeting to approve the fall mini-grant awards. More information regarding the Charlestown Community Impact Fund can be found atboston.gov/charlestown-fund."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Massachusetts Port Authority (Massport) today announced new commitments to the residents of East Boston, including Phase II of Piers Park on Boston Harbor, additional funding for the East Boston Foundation, operational funding for a new senior center for East Boston residents, and a traffic study to help mitigate congestion on Neptune Road. These commitments were identified as high impact projects by both the City of Boston and the community members and organizations of the Logan Impact Advisory Group (LIAG) through their review process for both the Terminal E modernization and the addition of 5,000 new parking spaces.""I am proud to partner with Massport to enhance the thriving neighborhood of East Boston. These projects build on our commitment to provide new and additional pathways for economic mobility and avenues to improve quality of life for residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""From improving and building upon our green spaces, to enhancing our streetscape, to providing members of our communities a new place to gather, when we invest in and improve our neighborhoods together, great things happen.""Mayor Walsh announced a new Orient Heights Senior Center to serve the senior residents of East Boston, with Massport providing operational funding for this important project. The City of Boston will help facilitate this plan, with vital input from the community incorporated into all aspects of the project.""Community spaces and engaging programming create meaningful connections in our neighborhoods that are important for older adults,"" said Emily Shea, Commissioner on Affairs of the Elderly. ""We look forward to continuing to build supports and services here in East Boston.""""As one of Logan Airport's host communities, East Boston has been impacted by the airport in many ways, and today, I'm proud to join my colleagues from the City of Boston and Massport to announce these new commitments which will, no doubt, have positive impacts on East Boston for many years to come,"" said State Senator Joseph Boncore.The award-winning Piers Park is an active community center in East Boston with lush greenscapes, playground equipment, exercise equipment and a pier extending into Boston Harbor with gazebos highlighting the neighborhoods of East Boston. The park features some of the most spectacular views of the Boston skyline. Opened in 1995, the park won the 2014 ""Best of Boston"" Award for ""Best Green Space"" in the city. Several local organizations offer programming in the park, such as free concerts from Zumix, exercise offerings such as tai chi and yoga and the annual Eastie Pride Day.""These commitments present exciting opportunities for East Boston and are the result of a collaborative, community-driven dialogue among local stakeholders,"" said State Representative Adrian Madaro. ""A ten-year extension and increased funding for the East Boston Foundation, a new senior center, and an expanded Piers Park will have lasting impacts on our neighborhood that residents will enjoy for generations.""The extensive planning process for the highly anticipated Piers Park II is already underway as a collaborative effort between Massport and the residents of East Boston. The Piers Park Advisory Committee, an advisory group made up of East Boston residents,will work with Massport and its design and construction consultants to oversee the development of the park. The design, bid and construction process of Piers Park II will boast 4.5 acres of active green space and be located adjacent to the existing Piers Park. When added together, both parks will boast over ten acres of greenspace for the East Boston community.""The partnership between the City of Boston and Massport on these important promises to the East Boston community will lead to improvements in the lives of a wide range of residents and I am looking forward to seeing these commitments come to life in the coming years,"" said Boston City Councilor Sal LaMattina.In addition, Massport will also allocate funds toward the East Boston Foundation to enhance the community of East Boston and the organizations that contribute to the betterment of the neighborhoods within it. Created by Massport in 1997, the East Boston Foundation has provided more than $10 million in financial support to 95 community programs that benefit children, adults and seniors- from sports and recreation to education, training and child care.""As both a lifelong resident of East Boston and a member of the Massport Board, today is particularly special as we celebrate these significant commitments to the community,"" said Massport Board Member John Nucci. ""I look forward to seeing Piers Park II grow alongside Piers Park I, one of the centerpieces of community life inEast Boston, as well as continued support of theEast BostonFoundation including funding regarding a senior center for our elders, and the commitment to a study of Neptune Road's traffic impacts.""In partnership with the Boston Transportation Department, Massport will also fund a traffic study to help mitigate congestion on Neptune Road extending to Day Square. Nitsch Engineering is working to complete the study, which includes traffic counts at eight intersections and five road segments, completed GIS maps of study area, including identification of land uses, and the building of a digital traffic analysis for the study area.""We are proud to stand here with the community of East Boston and the leadership of the Mayor and the City of Boston as we celebrate four major commitments that Massport has made to the people of East Boston,"" said Massport CEO Thomas P. Glynn. ""Piers Park II, the traffic study for Neptune Road, funding to the East Boston Foundation and the Orient Heights Senior Center will contribute to the already vibrant community of East Boston.""Neptune Road is challenging for pedestrians as well as for drivers of large trucks who frequently have difficulty navigating the u-turn from the northbound off ramp to 1A southbound due to an inadequate turning radius. This problem for oversized vehicles contributes to traffic delays on Neptune Road, a key connection for access to Route 1A, to Logan International Airport, for shuttle buses and other motor vehicles traveling between East Boston and Chelsea, and for local traffic.""BTD is pleased to have this opportunity to partner with Massport on this transportation study as it is an opportunity to create a 'complete street' design for Neptune Road that is in keeping with our Go Boston 2030 and Vision Zero goals to provide safe and efficient access for all users of Boston's roadways,"" said Boston Transportation Department Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. ""Through this process, we will take a forward thinking approach to transportation management, looking at evolving transportation needs, changing roadway use and capacity on Neptune Road. Our focus will be on creating a comprehensive design that will work to mitigate current and future traffic impacts and enhance the surrounding East Boston community.""Massport and the community of East Boston have worked to build a strong partnership over the years. Through supporting youth employment at Piers Park Sailing Center, providing scholarship funds to students of East Boston High School, and creating safe and inviting green space for residents to enjoy, Massport and East Boston are continuing to work to make the community one of the most desirable urban areas to live in Massachusetts.The Massachusetts Port Authority (Massport) owns and operates Boston Logan International Airport, public terminals in the Port of Boston, Hanscom Field, and Worcester Regional Airport. Massport is a financially self-sustaining public authority whose premier transportation facilities generate more than $15 billion annually, and enhance and enable economic growth and vitality in New England. For more information, please visitmassport.com."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Massachusetts Port Authority (Massport) today announced new commitments to the residents of East Boston, including Phase II of Piers Park on Boston Harbor, additional funding for the East Boston Foundation, operational funding for a new senior center for East Boston residents, and a traffic study to help mitigate congestion on Neptune Road. These commitments were identified as high impact projects by both the City of Boston and the community members and organizations of the Logan Impact Advisory Group (LIAG) through their review process for both the Terminal E modernization and the addition of 5,000 new parking spaces.""I am proud to partner with Massport to enhance the thriving neighborhood of East Boston. These projects build on our commitment to provide new and additional pathways for economic mobility and avenues to improve quality of life for residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""From improving and building upon our green spaces, to enhancing our streetscape, to providing members of our communities a new place to gather, when we invest in and improve our neighborhoods together, great things happen.""Mayor Walsh announced a new Orient Heights Senior Center to serve the senior residents of East Boston, with Massport providing operational funding for this important project. The City of Boston will help facilitate this plan, with vital input from the community incorporated into all aspects of the project.""Community spaces and engaging programming create meaningful connections in our neighborhoods that are important for older adults,"" said Emily Shea, Commissioner on Affairs of the Elderly. ""We look forward to continuing to build supports and services here in East Boston.""""As one of Logan Airport's host communities, East Boston has been impacted by the airport in many ways, and today, I'm proud to join my colleagues from the City of Boston and Massport to announce these new commitments which will, no doubt, have positive impacts on East Boston for many years to come,"" said State Senator Joseph Boncore.The award-winning Piers Park is an active community center in East Boston with lush greenscapes, playground equipment, exercise equipment and a pier extending into Boston Harbor with gazebos highlighting the neighborhoods of East Boston. The park features some of the most spectacular views of the Boston skyline. Opened in 1995, the park won the 2014 ""Best of Boston"" Award for ""Best Green Space"" in the city. Several local organizations offer programming in the park, such as free concerts from Zumix, exercise offerings such as tai chi and yoga and the annual Eastie Pride Day.""These commitments present exciting opportunities for East Boston and are the result of a collaborative, community-driven dialogue among local stakeholders,"" said State Representative Adrian Madaro. ""A ten-year extension and increased funding for the East Boston Foundation, a new senior center, and an expanded Piers Park will have lasting impacts on our neighborhood that residents will enjoy for generations.""The extensive planning process for the highly anticipated Piers Park II is already underway as a collaborative effort between Massport and the residents of East Boston. The Piers Park Advisory Committee, an advisory group made up of East Boston residents,will work with Massport and its design and construction consultants to oversee the development of the park. The design, bid and construction process of Piers Park II will boast 4.5 acres of active green space and be located adjacent to the existing Piers Park. When added together, both parks will boast over ten acres of greenspace for the East Boston community.""The partnership between the City of Boston and Massport on these important promises to the East Boston community will lead to improvements in the lives of a wide range of residents and I am looking forward to seeing these commitments come to life in the coming years,"" said Boston City Councilor Sal LaMattina. In addition, Massport will also allocate funds toward the East Boston Foundation to enhance the community of East Boston and the organizations that contribute to the betterment of the neighborhoods within it. Created by Massport in 1997, the East Boston Foundation has provided more than $10 million in financial support to 95 community programs that benefit children, adults and seniors- from sports and recreation to education, training and child care.""As both a lifelong resident of East Boston and a member of the Massport Board, today is particularly special as we celebrate these significant commitments to the community,"" said Massport Board Member John Nucci. ""I look forward to seeing Piers Park II grow alongside Piers Park I, one of the centerpieces of community life inEast Boston, as well as continued support of theEast BostonFoundation including funding regarding a senior center for our elders, and the commitment to a study of Neptune Road's traffic impacts.""In partnership with the Boston Transportation Department, Massport will also fund a traffic study to help mitigate congestion on Neptune Road extending to Day Square. Nitsch Engineering is working to complete the study, which includes traffic counts at eight intersections and five road segments, completed GIS maps of study area, including identification of land uses, and the building of a digital traffic analysis for the study area.""We are proud to stand here with the community of East Boston and the leadership of the Mayor and the City of Boston as we celebrate four major commitments that Massport has made to the people of East Boston,"" said Massport CEO Thomas P. Glynn. ""Piers Park II, the traffic study for Neptune Road, funding to the East Boston Foundation and the Orient Heights Senior Center will contribute to the already vibrant community of East Boston.""Neptune Road is challenging for pedestrians as well as for drivers of large trucks who frequently have difficulty navigating the u-turn from the northbound off ramp to 1A southbound due to an inadequate turning radius. This problem for oversized vehicles contributes to traffic delays on Neptune Road, a key connection for access to Route 1A, to Logan International Airport, for shuttle buses and other motor vehicles traveling between East Boston and Chelsea, and for local traffic.""BTD is pleased to have this opportunity to partner with Massport on this transportation study as it is an opportunity to create a 'complete street' design for Neptune Road that is in keeping with our Go Boston 2030 and Vision Zero goals to provide safe and efficient access for all users of Boston's roadways,"" said Boston Transportation Department Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. ""Through this process, we will take a forward thinking approach to transportation management, looking at evolving transportation needs, changing roadway use and capacity on Neptune Road. Our focus will be on creating a comprehensive design that will work to mitigate current and future traffic impacts and enhance the surrounding East Boston community.""Massport and the community of East Boston have worked to build a strong partnership over the years. Through supporting youth employment at Piers Park Sailing Center, providing scholarship funds to students of East Boston High School, and creating safe and inviting green space for residents to enjoy, Massport and East Boston are continuing to work to make the community one of the most desirable urban areas to live in Massachusetts.The Massachusetts Port Authority (Massport) owns and operates Boston Logan International Airport, public terminals in the Port of Boston, Hanscom Field, and Worcester Regional Airport. Massport is a financially self-sustaining public authority whose premier transportation facilities generate more than $15 billion annually, and enhance and enable economic growth and vitality in New England. For more information, please visitmassport.com."
A key element of the Boston Creates cultural plan has always been investment in the arts and local artists, and its great to see such significant efforts being made to support their work.The five artists chosen to receive the Artist Fellowship Awardsrepresent the diversity, talent, and uniqueness of Bostons larger arts community extremely well, and their dedication to increasing the vibrancy of this community is admirable.From left to right: Mayor Walsh, Marilyn Arsem, Michelle Fornabai, Dariel Suarez, Julie Burros, Mary-Jane Doherty, and Councilor At-Large Annissa Essaibi George.Marilyn Arsem, a performance artist from Jamaica Plain, is a founding member of the esteemed collaborative arts group Mobius, which has helped bring so many fantastic artists and performers to Boston. She has performed all over the world, including a 100-day performance at Bostons Museum of Fine Arts that focused on the topic of time.Mary-Jane Doherty is a Back Bay filmmaker who has been particularly influential in her education role at Boston University, where she teaches students the art of the Narrative Documentary. She has also traveled all over the world, capturing everything from Cubas renowned ballet industry to the Boston Childrens Chorus.Michelle Fornabai is a conceptual artist who uses ink and concrete to shape ideas, thoughts, and feelings that cannot be illustrated in other media. She is involved in a decade-long project called Concrete Poetry, where she uses these materials to create ten conceptual acts that all focus on different themes.Jason Palmer is a trumpeter, composer and educator whose contributions to Bostons jazz world have been extremely influential. A Roslindale resident, Palmer hopes to start a big band and organize a jazz festival in his hometown.Dariel Suarez, a Brighton resident who emigrated from Cuba in 1997, is a writer who uses his cultural experiences, heritage and traditions to explore the history of Cuba and its relationship with the United States. Having completed several short stories and a novel, Suarez is currently working on his second novel.Having received over 300 applications during the first year of this fellowship, its evident that theres no lack of talent and diversity in Bostons artists. Now, its all about supporting these artists and elevating them to their fullest potentials, so they can use their talent to help improve Boston as a whole. The 2017 Artists Fellowship Awards were a huge step in the right direction for the City of Boston, and we are proud to announce that this program will continue in the future. 
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services, the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) and Boston University today announced the completion of a mural on the Finland Building at774 Albany Streetin Boston.""The Finland Building mural is an excellent depiction of the strength and resilience of the surrounding community,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I hope this will serve as a reminder to those struggling with addiction that each day brings new opportunities and that the City of Boston is here to support them every step of the way.""""I chose the design and colors of my mural to be bright and hopeful,"" said artist Timothy McCool. ""Making art is a way to describe the indescribable and to express feelings that are hard to express with just words. So it's my hope that it can brighten their day even just a little bit by providing some sunshine in their life.""McCool is a South End resident who has made several contributions to Boston's public art landscape. Last October, he assisted in the creation of the Spaces of Hope mural, which can be seen from the Rose F. Kennedy Greenway.The mural was one of several initiatives championed by the City during September, which marked Recovery Month, a national effort that aims to combat the social stigma around addictions, celebrate recovery and promote awareness of recovery services.The Finland building houses several recovery service programs operated by the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) that offer detox and other treatment programs, as well as harmreduction services. This artwork serves as a form of encouragement and support for those taking advantages of the services offered inside the building.Boston University partnered with the City of Boston and the Boston Public Health Commission last year to improve the neighborhoods around the Melnea Cass Boulevard and Massachusetts Avenue intersection, which is home to their medical school's campus.The City of Bostonreleased a call for artists in April 2017, as part of a broader effort to improve the neighborhood around the intersection of Melnea Cass Boulevard and Massachusetts Avenue.In the span of only a few square miles, there are several opioid treatment clinics, two of the largest emergency shelters in the region, a detox facility, a long-term residential treatment program, a resource and referral center that places scores of individuals in treatment every day, a peer recovery center, the biggest harm reduction site in New England, and a world-class health-care organization whose mission it is to serve Boston's most vulnerable residents.The mural is one of several ongoing efforts to beautify this part of the City where people in recovery go to receive services. Since last year, four outreach workers have been walking main roads and side streets in the area seven days a week, engaging with individuals and helping them access the services they might need. Most recently, the Mayor increased resources for the Mobile Sharps Team, doubling the number of workers available to locate used syringes and properly dispose of them.""This is one of our many efforts to pair recovery with art, which is a critical form of catharsis for so many recovering from addiction,"" saidJen Tracey, Director of the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services. ""By using the City's infrastructure and buildings as a canvas, we hope to raise awareness, combat stigma, and promote the collective resilience of individuals in recovery.""""At the Boston Public Health Commission, we are proud to serve all Boston residents,"" said BPHC Executive Director Monica Valdes Lupi, JD, MPH. ""This building is the entry point into recovery for so many, and we want this physical entrance to reflect the welcoming nature of our staff and programs.""The mural is also an embodiment ofBoston Creates, the city's ten year cultural plan for improving and expanding the arts and culture industry in Boston.""A key vision of the Boston Creates Cultural Plan is to create a City that uses art as a means to foster creative thinking and solve problems,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture. ""It's great to see this mural play a role in the conversation about tackling the issue of addiction in Boston.""McCool worked on the mural for 10 days, and it took 71 hours to complete. Approximately 10.5 gallons of paint were used during the project."
It's thought that by 2020, more than 20 billion things will be on the Internet. As more and more things become Internet-enabled (including watches, cars, appliances, and toys), its important to apply and promotesmart security thinking to those items.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Women Entrepreneurs Boston (WE BOS) today announced the launch ofiFundWomenBoston, a local initiative ofiFundWomen, the first crowdfunding platform for women-led businesses.During a panel discussion with members of the venture capital and entrepreneurial community today, Mayor Walsh highlighted the need for strategic partners to invest in Boston's women-owned startups and businesses, and reaffirmed Boston's commitment to ensuring all business owners and entrepreneurs have the same access to investments and support. As part of that approach, the City's Women Entrepreneurs Boston program will work with iFundWomento help funnel investment dollars to women entrepreneurs.""Boston is home to a vast network of entrepreneurs, startups and thriving business -- and we are committed to ensuring women play a major role in our business success.One of the biggest barriers is the lack of investment funds going to women-owned businesses, so we're thrilled to welcome iFundWomen to Boston to help us move toward closing that gap,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This partnership is a big step forward in building upon the success of WE BOS and we're proud to offer this resource to help Boston's women entrepreneurs take their businesses to the next level.""Applicants chosen to participate in the cohort will have the option to start their crowdfunding campaigns immediately and will have access to one-on-one business and crowdfunding coaching, as well as video production services to help them pitch their concepts and tell their stories. Campaigns that are fully funded byJanuary 30, 2018will be eligible to participate in the first-ever iFundWomen Pitch Competitionin March, showcasing the top companies in the cohort and giving them the opportunity to raise even more startup capital.""We're thrilled to partner with Mayor Walsh and WE BOS on iFundWomen Boston to raise money for local startups and to launch our first-ever pitch competition. iFundWomen is committed to supporting female entrepreneurs with the crowdfunding, coaching and connections they need to help raise cash for their businesses and to help them move to the next level,"" said iFundWomen CEO, Karen Cahn. ""We're taking our programming one step further with the introduction of this regional pitch competition, encouraging the entrepreneurs who have successfully crowdfunded with us to then have the opportunity to pitch their businesses for a sizable cash prize.""The iFundWomen Boston initiative will work closely with WE BOS, a City of Boston program that advances women entrepreneurs by providing the resources and network they need to launch and grow their business. This new partnership is announced as part of Women Entrepreneurs Boston (WE BOS) Week 2017, a series of networking opportunities, educational workshops, panel discussions and coaching sessions with industry leaders and investors designed to support women entrepreneurs in Boston.""Thirty five percent of our businesses are women-led in the City of Boston. These businesses employ 36,100 people and generate $3.3 billion in revenue, yet our startup community has been traditionally perceived as male dominated,""said Kara Miller, WE BOS Program Manager.""The City is committed to making our startup ecosystem more inclusive of women to increase their economic potential. Having these intentional conversations within the venture capital community and launching iFundWomen Boston helps us ensure our entrepreneurs have the tools and resource to fund their businesses.""All women-led businesses in the region are strongly encouraged toapply herefor the inaugural cohort. Applications will be accepted on a rolling basis.iFundWomenis the leading fundraising ecosystem for women-led startups and small businesses that offers crowdfunding, coaching, and connections specifically designed to help launch business ideas. Founded by a former Google/YouTube executive, Karen Cahn, the platform uniquely offers one-on-one crowdfunding coaching and video-production services to entrepreneurs. iFundWomen also has a pay-it-forward model and directly reinvests 20% of its standard fees into live projects on the site.WE BOS is a City of Boston program designed to advance Boston's women entrepreneurs and create a more inclusive entrepreneurial ecosystem. Since the launch of the program in 2015, over 3,000 women have participated in WE BOS through educational programming, one-on-one coaching, and curated networking opportunities. In partnership with the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement and the Mayor's Office of Economic Development, WE BOS supports all women entrepreneurs, including startups, home-based businesses and the established brick-and-mortar mainstays of Boston's neighborhoods, by providing them with the resources and network they need to launch and grow their businesses. Learn more ontheir website."
South Boston is expected to experience more coastal and stormwater flooding due to climate change impacts. The City of Boston is exploring solutions to decrease these risks as part of ourClimate Ready Bostoninitiative. You can add your on-the-ground perspective to this discussion about the neighborhoods resiliency by taking ourcommunity surveyas a part of the Climate Ready South Boston project.In 2016, Climate Ready Boston released a comprehensivereportabout risks and protection strategies for a climate-impacted city like Boston. We are moving forward with the reports recommendations to develop local climate resilient plans in the most vulnerable areas of Boston, including South Boston. (Learn more about ourEast BostonandCharlestownprojects).South Boston has experienced a rapid transformation in recent years due to increased investment and development, and has become a hub for recreation and culture. Some attractions there that you may be familiar with include the Boston Convention and Exhibition Center, the Institute of Contemporary Art, and the Boston Childrens Museum.In response to these rapid changes, the City has begun the planning process for several key projects focused on transportation and public space improvement, including the South Boston Waterfront Plan, the 100 Acres Master Plan for the areas around the Procter & Gamble Gillette plant, and the Dorchester Avenue Corridor Plan. South Boston faces flooding challenges today, and increased risks moving forward. From now until2050, nearly a quarter of South Bostons land area is expected to be exposed to a 1 percent annual chance of a coastal flooding event, with some areas along the Fort Point Channel exposed to even higher probability events. Some streets and highways are also expected to be exposed to low-probability coastal flooding in the near-term, with those likelihoods going up as time goes on.Protecting South Boston also protects the connected neighborhoods of South End, Roxbury, and Dorchester from future flooding risks. You can read more about neighborhood climate risk and resilience in the South Boston section of the Climate Ready Boston report.The City is committed to finding both short- and long-term solutions to coastal flooding and other impacts from sea level rise. We are currently studying the issue to explore potential ways to minimize or eliminate flooding challenges, with a focus on key floodwater entry points into the neighborhood.As part of this process, we value the input and perspectives from on-the-ground Bostonians like you who can provide us with smart insights into the workings of the neighborhood and the people who live, work, learn, and visit there.Take our survey to add your voice to this critical discussion about how to prepare South Boston and the whole City for a more resilient future.
The Boston Transportation Department will be hosting a Community Planning Workshop in East Boston on Tuesday, October 24, at 6:30 PM at the East Boston Social Center, to discuss the upcoming expansion of Bostons public bike share system. Residents are encouraged to attend the workshop and help BTD to determine potential locations for new bike share stations in their neighborhood.The Hubway bike share system is a healthy, affordable and environmentally friendly mode of transportation, said BTD Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. We are delighted to have this opportunity to expand the existing service and provide more people with the chance to take advantage of public bike share in Bostons neighborhoods. We look forward to hearing residents suggestions for the best potential locations for bike share stations in the City.Over the next two years, more than seventy new bike share stations will be added in neighborhoods throughout Boston. New stations will be installed beginning in the summer of 2018. Bikeshare Network Expansion is identified as a key project in the Go Boston 2030 Action Plan released earlier this year. Go Boston 2030 is the City of Bostons comprehensive, long term transportation plan to provide safe and efficient access on Bostons streets for all users, whether people choose to walk, ride bikes, drive motor vehicles or use public transportation. Go Boston 2030 complements Imagine Boston 2030, Bostons citywide plan to guide long-term growth.A total of 28 workshops are taking place this fall. The full meeting schedule can be found at boston.gov/bike-share-expansion in the 2017 Expansion Planning Workshop Schedule section. Although each workshop will focus on the neighborhood where the meeting is held, materials will be available to discuss all neighborhoods that are under consideration for expansion. Residents who are unavailable to attend a scheduled workshop in their own neighborhood are urged to join any of the others that are convenient for them.Go Boston 2030 is the City of Bostons long term mobility plan. Go Boston 2030 envisions a city in a region where all residents have better and more equitable travel choices, where efficient transportation networks foster economic opportunity, and where steps have been taken to prepare for climate change. Whether traveling by transit, on foot, on a bike, or by car, people will be able to access all parts of Boston safely and reliably. A list of projects and policies have been developed that are being implemented as early action projects in the near term, and a set of long-term projects and policies are intended to be implemented over the next 15 years. More information may be found at: www.GoBoston2030.orgAbout Hubway: The Hubway system is regional public transportation by bike, owned by the municipalities of Boston, Brookline, Cambridge and Somerville. System wide, there are more than 180 stations offering 1,600 bikes to more than 15,000 members. Since launching in July 2011, users have taken 5.3 million trips. Find out more about the Hubway system at www.thehubway.com.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the creation of a $35,000Digital Equity Fund, which will support the City's goal of ensuring all residents have equal access to digital services. TheDigital Equity Fundwill provide support to community-based organizations that help Boston residents fully connect and participate in today's media and information landscape.""A more connected Boston is a more equitable City, a more innovative City and a moreprosperous City,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This grant program will allow more residents to connect digitally, and will encourage residents to grow their digital skills while increasing access to information.""TheDigital Equity Fundwill explore ways to build individual and community capacity to:In 2017, Boston will award one grant of $35,000 or up to two grants up to $17,500 each to nonprofit organizations that promote digital equity. By providing seed funding, the City hopes to identify promising strategies that can attract outside funding and further create a City where everyone has the tools and skills they need to succeed in the 21st century.To qualify for a grant, nonprofit organizations must be Boston-based and serve Boston residents. The application deadline for 2017 isNovember 17and the application can befound online. Priority will be given to proposals that aim to advance the use of technology to improve quality of life and increases access to opportunity for all residents and align with the City of Boston's Broadband and Digital Equity goals of:Money for this fund comes from license agreements between the City of Boston and telecommunications companies.""We believe in making modern technology available to all,"" said Theodora Higginson Hanna, Co-Director of Tech Goes Home. ""This fund will help provide Bostonians with the tools they need to support the development of their digital skills.""The Fund will be overseen by the City of Boston Department of Innovation & Technology (DoIT) and an external Fund Council consisting of five to seven members. Advisory board members will be appointed by Mayor Walsh and serve three year terms. Current Fund Council members include: ""Access to broadband and digital literacy skills are essential in today's society,"" said Colin Rhinesmith, Assistant Professor at the School of Library and Information Science at Simmons College and member of the Digital Equity Fund Council. ""Unfortunately, too many Bostonians do not have the reliable and affordable broadband they need, as well as the training required, to fully participate. The City of Boston's Digital Equity Fund is a key initiative to support residents in achieving these goals.""The Department of Innovation and Technology makes sure the networks, computers and systems that support the City are secure and effective. They also manage the City's websites and technologies focused on service delivery.The department's core work involves five priority areas:"
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Lee Goodman with Horizons Watermark, LLCto demolish the single-story commercial structure at 81 DimockStreet (at the corner of Amory Street)in Roxbury. The parcel number is 1101160000.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 22, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Lee Goodman with Horizons Watermark, LLCto demolish the single-story commercial structure at 1837 Columbus Avenue in Roxbury. The full address is 1837 Columbus Avenue, Roxbury, MA 02119.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 22, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
The free Family Gym program from Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF)is up and running for the fall season and Boston families are invited to join in! Family Gym is a free, weekly play program that promotes physical activity for children ages 3-8 and their families. The spring2017session of Family Gym was a great success. Families from neighborhoods across the City came together and engaged in fun, physically active games. This fall, we hope to reach even more families.Family Gym runs on Saturdays from 10-11:30 a.m. at:Children and adults move at their own pace in supervised activities. Colorful play equipment encourages individual, small, and large group play. Families can jump rope, play on an obstacle course, do the limbo, or play parachute games or sports. No pre-registration is required. But, caregivers must participate and remain in the gym with their children at all times. Thanks to a partnership with Northeastern University, student volunteers serve as Activity Leaders at Family Gym.To find out more information,or to download the flyer, visit Boston.Gov/BCYF. This session of Family Gym will run through December 9, but Family Gym will not be held on November 25.
"OnSunday, October 15, the City of Boston will partner with MassRobotics to host over two dozen robots on City Hall Plaza as part ofHUBweek 2017for a ""Robot Block Party.""The City of Boston'sMayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, in collaboration with HUBweek andMassRobotics,will celebrate all things robotics by exhibiting the latest in robotics and inviting the public to engage with industry leading technologists throughout the day. The event is free and open to people of all ages.""Boston is home to some of the brightest minds solving some of the world's biggest challenges,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""This event gives all residents and visitors in Boston a chance to see Boston's inventions in person, and explore why Boston is a hub for innovation and technology.""The Robot Block Party will feature a broad range of demonstrations from start-ups, local universities and industry leading companies all under one big dome. Participants will have the opportunity to visit an ""autonomous vehicle petting zoo"" featuring nuTonomy, Optimus Ride, Delphi, and a Toyota/MIT collaboration. Leading engineers and roboticists will be on hand to answer questions throughout the day and City staff will be on-hand to collect input on the current autonomous vehicle program.""The generous and engaged support of the City of Boston is integral to continued growth for both MassRobotics and the region's robotics/automation industry. Collaborating with the City to co-host the Robot Block Party as part of HUBweek is an opportunity to celebrate how much we've accomplished and to look forward to all that's still to come,"" said Tom Ryden, Executive Director at MassRobotics.In the fall of 2016, Mayor Walsh released anexecutive orderto establish a testing program forautonomous vehiclesin the City of Boston. Since last fall, the City's testing partners have driven over 600 miles autonomously on Boston roadways. The event will provide an opportunity to see autonomous vehicles up-close and take part in other on-site demonstrations -- such as a new personal home robot, demonstrations from Jibo, Pong Robotics, Vecna Technologies and a ""design your own robot"" technology featuring interactive CAD tools which guide users through the robot design process.Robot Block Party is a free event and open to the public withThe HUB Pass. For more information or to register, visitwww.boston.gov/calendar/robot-block-partyIn the fall of 2016, Mayor Walsh launched an Autonomous Vehicle testing program led by theBoston Transportation Departmentand theMayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics.The program is exploring the technology and policies that help unlock the immense promise of these vehicles to make our transportation system more reliable, more accessible, and safer for all users. Details on the program and the progress can be found atboston.gov.MassRobotics is the result of the collective work of a group of engineers, rocket scientists and entrepreneurs with a shared vision to create an innovation hub and startup cluster focused on the needs of the robotics and IoT community. It has an extensive network of more than 400 companies, 10 academic institutions and 20 industry-focused associations and organizations. The organization drives international outreach and has active engagements with Ireland, UK, China, Singapore, Chile, France, Canada and UAE, and continues to engage with different countries. MassRobotics' mission is to help create and scale the next generation of successful robotics and connected devices companies by providing entrepreneurs and innovative robotics/automation startups with the workspace and resources they need to develop, prototype, test and commercialize their products and solutions.www.massrobotics.org."
The Boston Firefighters Local 718 Memorial Road Race, the Welles Remy Crowther Red Bandanna 5K Walk and Run, the Oaktoberfest 5K and other special events taking place this weekend will impact traffic and parking in Boston. Those attending the events are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.Saturday, October 14At 9 AM, an estimated 1,100 people will gather at Boston College for the Welles Remy Crowther Red Bandanna 5K Run/Walk. Runners and walkers will exit the BC Campus at the Main Gate onto Commonwealth Avenue, turn right onto Chestnut Hill Avenue, onto Beacon Street, right onto College Road, right onto Commonwealth Avenue, right to the main gate of Boston College. Streets along the route of the 5K will be closed to traffic from approximately 8:45 AM to 11 AM.The John Winthrop School Fair will require the closure of Marlborough Street, between Clarendon and Berkeley Streets, from 7 AM to 2 PM. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Sunday, October 15The Boston Firefighters Local 718 Memorial Road Race will begin at 9 AM on Hallet Street, Dorchester, in front of Florian Hall. An estimated 1,300 runners will proceed right onto Gallivan Boulevard, straight onto Hancock Street, north onto Morrissey Boulevard toward Norwood Street, U-turn at Bianculli Boulevard at University of Massachusetts, south on Morrissey Boulevard, left onto Tenean Street, continue onto Conley Street, east onto Neponset Trail, to Hallet Street, finishing at Florian Hall. Streets along the race route will be closed to traffic from approximately 8:00 AM to 10 AM.SIDS Run for Tighe will start at 9:30 AM for walkers and 10 AM for runners at #873 South Street, Jamaica Plain. The route is South Street to Bussey Street, to the Arnold Arboretum, to Hemlock Road, around Conifer Path, to Hemlock Road, exiting the Arnold Arboretum, left onto Bussey Street, entering the Arboretum, left onto Peters Hill Road, to the Mendum Street Gate, exit the Arnold Arboretum, right onto Mendum Street, left onto Walter Street, left onto South Walter Street to South Fairview Street, to Fallon Field in Roslindale. Streets along the route will be closed to traffic as the 250 participants progress toward the finish line. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 8 AM to 12 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Oaktoberfest 5K will start at 10 AM in front of the YMCA at #615 Washington Street, Oak Square, Brighton. The route is Washington Street, turn left onto Foster Street, right onto Commonwealth Avenue, right onto Lake Street, around Gallagher Park to Kenrick Street, right onto Kenrick Street, left onto Lake Street, left onto Washington Street. Streets along the route will be closed to traffic as an estimated 500 runners progress toward the finish line.The Play Brigade 5K will begin on the Boston Common at 9 AM. An estimated 500 runners will enter Charles Street, turn left onto Beacon Street, left onto Arlington Street, right onto Commonwealth Avenue outbound, left onto Charlesgate West, left onto Commonwealth Avenue inbound, right onto Arlington Street, left onto Boylston Street, left onto Charles Street. Streets along the race route will be closed to traffic from approximately 8:45 AM to 10 AM with roads opening up as the tail of the race proceeds toward the finish line.The Rozzie Fall Festival will take place on Birch Street in Roslindale. Birch Street, between Corinth Street and Belgrade Avenue, will be closed to traffic from 10 AMto 4 PM.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined representatives from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, the Fenway Community Development Corporation (CDC), the Community Economic Development Assistance Corporation (CEDAC), funders and residents of Burbank Garden Apartments to celebrate the preservation of 52 units of affordable housing at the Burbank Garden Apartments.The City of Boston's Department of Neighborhood Development (DND) worked with theFenway CDC to acquire the building in 2016 and renovate its 52 apartments, located on Burbank Street in the Fenway. The deed restrictions on the building's 52 units were expiring with the help of the City, State, and funders, Fenway CDC was able to purchase the building from the owners, protecting existing tenants from displacement and preserving the long-term affordability of this mixed income development.""Preserving Boston's affordability is key to ensuring everyone who wants to live here can afford to do so, and I'm particularly pleased our commitment to Burbank Gardens will both preserve and renovate 52 units of our existing affordable housing stock,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I want to thank the Fenway CDC and our partners for working with us to make sure families can stay in their homes. Together, we're protecting long-time residents from displacement, and we're helping maintain the character of this community.""Located next to Symphony Community Park in the Fenway neighborhood of Boston, the property consists of studio, one and two-bedroom apartments, as well as community space. It was one of many properties financed by MassHousing whose 40-year mortgage terms will reach maturity in March 2018. Similar to Burbank Garden Apartments, much of Boston's stock of affordable housing units was built in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s. The low-income use restrictions on these projects now face elimination as owners pay off their subsidized mortgages, known as ""13As"", or opt out of their existing Section 8 rental subsidy contracts.""Fenway CDC has a long history of developing and preserving affordable housing while fighting displacement in the neighborhood, dating back to the organization's inception in 1973,"" said Leah Camhi, Executive Director of Fenway Community Development Corporation. ""We want to thank the Mayor and all of our partners who have helped us restore the sense of stability to Burbank Street and the surrounding community. Preserving affordable apartments is especially important in the Fenway given the neighborhood's high rents and relative lack of affordable housing options.""""It was terrifying to think that we all might have lost our housing. I am so grateful that the Fenway CDC, Mayor Walsh, City of Boston and the State of Massachusetts worked with the former owners to preserve our housing,"" said Burbank Gardens Resident CarlyCaminiti.""Preservation of affordable housing in Boston is such an important public health issue with major health impacts, especially for the elderly and disabled, many of whom are my neighbors. I'm so thankful that the Mayor and Fenway CDC recognized that, and I hope that other expiring leases can be preserved by the city.My husband and I are so appreciative that we can remain in our home in this neighborhood we love.""The City's commitment includes $2.5 million for the acquisition of the building, plus $2.5 million in DND and Neighborhood Housing Trust funding for the rehabilitation of the property, which is expected to commence in 2018. In addition to the City's funds, MassHousing committed $5 million in soft debt CEDAC provided both a predevelopment loan and, with participation by Eastern Bank, an $8.2 million acquisition loan. In August DHCD awarded $3 million in permanent soft financing so that Fenway CDC can rehabilitate Burbank Gardens and to ensure that the 52 apartments remain affordable for low- and moderate-income households.Building on his commitment to create preserve more affordable housing in the City of Boston, earlier this year Mayor Walsh announced nearly $22 million in funding for 10 affordable housing developments in neighborhoods across Boston including Burbank Garden Apartments. This funding will help preserve or produce 602 housing units, 77 units of which are reserved for homeless or extremely low-income households in Boston.To date, the Walsh administration has committed more than $100 million in funding to the creation and preservation of affordable housing. Today's announcement also contributes to the City's preservation and anti-displacement goals, outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, Mayor Walsh's housing plan, and the housing goals laid out inImagine Boston 2030, Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years."
"The community benefits were facilitated by the Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) as part of the Article 80 approval process for the Melnea Hotel and Residences project, located on the corner of Melnea Cass Boulevard and Washington Street in Roxbury.""Development has the ability to empower our communities and make neighborhoods thriving places for people to live, work and connect,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Over the past several years, we have improved how we distribute community benefits in order to ensure that this funding can directly impact the lives of our residents. I am pleased to be able to award $400,000 to these twelve deserving organizations and I look forward to continuing to build on our mission to use development as a tool to lift up our neighborhoods.""""I would like to thank the Boston Planning & Development Agency for their commitment to supporting youth and families living in the Roxbury neighborhood,"" said Alexandra Oliver-Davila,Executive Director of Sociedad Latina. ""With this award, 500 youth from Sociedad Latina will be connected to robust work readiness training, academic support, and internships throughout the city. It is essential that young people in Roxbury are given early work experiences and career opportunities to better prepare them for a successful future.""The following organizations received funding:To serve Boston residents for a career in the hospitality industry, with an emphasis on residents of Roxbury, where BEST's new Dudley Square location is situated.To launch a campaign to have developers, contractors, and subcontractors voluntarily agree to the standards established by the Roxbury Strategic Master Plan Oversight Committee as they relate to the recently revised Boston Residency Jobs Policy.Funding will go toward the Life After The Club (LATC) program, a workforce-development/life-skills initiative which ensures all teens have goals for their post-Boys & Girls Club lives.To leverage existing revenues to support the Building Pathways Building Trades Pre-Apprenticeship Program, whose mission is to create opportunities for low-income, low-skilled Boston area residents particularly women, people of color, and young adults in underserved communities, to help them access and prepare for apprenticeships in the building trades.To provide 20 weeks of paid internships, career exploration and job readiness training for 15 high- and proven-risk young people in Roxbury.To offer the Mothers for Justice and Equality (MJE) Workforce Readiness Training to men and women residing in Roxbury and seeking employment.To implement two programs that will provide cohort members with the technology, resources and education they need to transform their ideas into a functional productTo support youth stipends, skill building training, and other benefits for 125 youth gaining hands-on work experience in internships and learning through regular work readiness trainings, coaching, academic support, and community projects with Sociedad Latina's Pathways to Success program.To support the organization's Citizenship for New African-Americans program, which includes an integrated combination of ESOL and citizenship education and support for filing and following up on applications.To support teacher salaries and other programming expenses at Madison Park Technical Vocational High School in Dudley Square. The program currently has 47 students and enrollment continues to grow.To support the Jobs Rebuild Boston project and provide an employment gateway for 60 under- and unemployed adults living in Roxbury. Programming will include baseline job readiness, digital-focused, and other employment skills needed to secure a living wage and, potentially for career advancement opportunities.To support the organization's Building Trades Exploration Program (BTE), a unique Science, Technology, Engineering, Arts and Math (STEaM) program.The BPDA, along with theMayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD), notified organizations and publicized, using both the BPDA and OWD websites and social media accounts, the availability of Community Benefits from the Project.Over the past several years, the BPDA has updated its guidelines for releasing community benefits from a developer to a community organization in order to ensure that development is creating thriving eighborhoods for people to live, work and connect. When community benefits are not outlined in a developer's cooperation agreement, the BPDA now launches an open process for organizations to apply for grants. Community organizations must prove that the award will be used to support a program or provide a service that directly serves the local neighborhood in order to be eligible for funding. This process was first piloted in 2015, and has since been used to award community benefits to organizations in Allston/Brighton, South Boston and Fenway. Prior to receiving funds, organizations are required to submit a budget and plan for how the money will be used in a way that produces a measurable impact. All awards are subject to BPDA Board authorization and chosen recipients are required to enter into a grant agreement with the BPDA."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Anthony Richardsonto demolish the single-family residencelocated at 21 Cookson Terrace in Mattapan. The full address is 21 CooksonTerrace, Mattapan, MA 02126We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 22, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today celebrated the groundbreaking of a $2.5 million reconstruction project of North Square in the North End. The project, when completed, will transform North Square into a livable, walkable, multimodal, green and sustainable square, developing its identity as a cultural destination, while accommodating all users of this historic space.""In Boston, we are just as excited about our future as we are proud of our past,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Today, we begin the next chapter of North Square, one of the North End's most treasured, historic places. I want to thank everyone who lent their voice to this process, and I look forward to seeing the transformation of this square.""North Square is one of Boston's oldest occupied neighborhoods and is a part of a vibrant community fabric in the North End. A popular tourist destination, North Square features the Paul Revere House and the Freedom Trail, which receives four million annual visitors.Project highlights include:""North Square has been for almost 400 years a working square, a convening place, and a beloved piece of the North End's rich history,"" said Nina Zannieri, Executive Director of the Paul Revere Memorial Association. ""We are so pleased that the Mayor has made this special space a priority and are looking forward to a fully rejuvenated and accessible North Square that allows it to continue to serve as a critical part of the history and fabric of the North End.""The community design process began in 2014, and priorities resulting from those discussions led to the current designs for the square, which include a safe space where residents and visitors can relax, better amenities where children can play, a green place to keep cool and enjoy nature in the city. Now under construction, the square is expected to be completed by the end of 2018.In April, Mayor Walsh announced thatA+J Art+Design was selected to create a public art projectin conjunction with the reconstruction in North Square. Over the last few months, the artist team has been working with the Public Works Department, the Boston Art Commission and the North End community to further develop their initial proposal. The artists are developing a series of four sculptures to create an intimate and uniquely north end sculptural gallery.The North Square reconstruction project aligns with the priorities laid out in Imagine Boston 2030 to enhance neighborhoods by improving the public realm, strengthen neighborhood services and encourage contextually sensitive development to improve urban vitality. For more information on Imagine Boston 2030, please visithere.For more information on the reconstruction effort, please visithere."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that the City of Boston has launched theLandlord Guarantee Pilot Program, a new initiative that will support landlords who choose to rent to homeless individuals and families that rely on outside financial support and resources. Participating landlords receive a dedicated landlord partner from the Office of Housing Stability, access to landlord resources including mediation services and access to funds for losses such as unpaid rent and excessive damages.The City of Boston's Office of Housing Stability works to prevent displacement through promoting housing preservation and tenant stabilization. The office offers Boston residents housing crisis support provides information about tenant and landlord rights and responsibilities develops new programs and resources and researches, drafts, and implements policies designed to prevent displacement and keep communities intact. Boston's Way Home, the City of Boston's plan to end veteran and chronic homelessness, has redesigned the way Boston offers services to homeless individuals. Rather than counting on shelter as the solution to the issue, Boston has moved toward a housing-first model, where an individual's entrance into the shelter system is also their entrance to a path toward permanent, stable housing.In January 2016, Mayor Walsh announced Boston had ended chronic veteran homelessness to date, nearly 850 homeless veterans have been housed. In 2016, the City scaled up its efforts to end chronic homelessness since January of 2016, 391 chronically homeless individuals have been housed, representing 2,300 years of homelessness ended.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston has released arequest for proposals (RFP)to provide technical and administrative support for the development of a citywide disparity study. The RFP seeks a consultant to work with the Mayor's Office of Economic Development to design and conduct a disparity study in an effort to identify and address gaps, and ultimately strengthen the City's procurement practices across all departments and provide an enhanced platform for future equity-based policies.The consultant will design and conduct a study to examine the extent to which disparities exists in the City's utilization of qualified minority and women-owned enterprises (MWBEs) as contractors and subcontractors, through departmental procurement practices, and of qualified female and minority workers and their work on City construction projects and on large City-assisted construction projects. Once complete, the study will give City leaders a more formal understanding of the marketplace of companies eligible to provide goods and services and who can contract with the City.This study will build on progress made through theCity's Economic Inclusion and Equity Agenda, which helps policymakers strengthen or adjust current policy to further remedy disparities, and implement strategies outlined inImagine Boston 2030, the first City-wide plan in over 50 years. The study will also complement current initiatives the City is taking to provide pathways to quality careers and strengthen wealth-building policies, notably cross-certificationto streamline certification for minority and women owned businesses with the City of Boston and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, increased targets for theBoston Residents Job Policy, andsmall business technical assistanceand lending programs.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture today announced that Bostons first Exhibition of The National Arts Program is now on display in the City Hall galleries.Founded in 1982, the National Arts Program encourages the creative talent of government employees to come forth and be recognized by the public. As part of this program, Boston City employees and immediate family members were invited to display their art at Boston City Hall.The National Arts Program Exhibition is a great way to showcase the creative and innovative workforce that exists in the City of Boston, said Mayor Walsh. I encourage everyone to visit the City Hall galleries this month and see the incredible artistic talent we have right here in City Hall.The exhibition is available through November 17, 2017 in spaces throughout City Hall, including the 3rd Floor Scollay Square Gallery, the 5th Floor Mayors Gallery, the 2nd Floor Mayors Neighborhood Gallery and the hallways of Boston City Hall.There are currently over 200 works of art showcasing the talent of employees who work for the City of Boston including the Boston Fire Department, the Boston Police Department, Boston Public Schools and many other public agencies. On display are fiber arts, sculpture, paintings and photographs.This exhibit truly embraces the spirit of the Boston Creates cultural plan, recognizing that everyone has the desire to engage in creative expression.The NAP allows us to bring that to life, share it with the public, and showcase the incredible creative talents of our colleagues at the City of Boston, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture.A reception and awards ceremony was held Thursday at Boston City Hall. There were several categories of awards, including Adult Amateurs, Adult Intermediates, Adult Professionals, Teens 13-18, Youth 12 & Under, Art Education, and Best of Show. A total of $3,300 in cash prizes was awarded to participants.The jurors for the National Arts Program Awards included:  The 2015 winner of the Fay Chandler Emerging Artist Award Best in Show at Boston City Hall, Brent more recently was featured as a 2016 Best of Boston artist by The Improper Bostonian magazine. Brent has exhibited works in numerous venues, including her recent exhibit, Seep, Spill, Grow, at The Danforth Art Museum in Framingham, which was featured in Artscope Magazine. She was therecipient of the 2015 Walter Feldman Fellowship, culminating in an exhibit at the Walter Feldman Gallery in Boston titled Primal Garden, which also received critical acclaim in Artscope Magazine andThe Boston Globe.  This years winner of Fay Chandler Emerging Artist Award Best in Show at Boston City Hall, Dorchester resident Myron Belfast was born in Trinidad and grew up in Cambridge MA. Belfast is a self-taught artist, who learned by watching the movements and techniques of other artists. Working primarily in charcoal, his work can be described as contemporary art-deco. Belfast will be having a soloexhibition in the 5th floor Mayors Gallery at City Hall January 23 - February 28, 2018.  The 2015 winner of the New to Making Art Emerging Artist Award at Boston City Hall, Hetherington is a Boston-based industrial designer and artist, who earned his BFA at Massachusetts College ofArt in 2010. A signature of his work is cut pieces of paper that are organized into imagery that are part of the artists process of mindfulness.The jurors awarded the Best of Show prize to Marc Vaillancourt of Tewksbury, a Compositor for the Boston Police Department. Other award winners included:  A Dorchester resident and Library Assistant at the West End Branch of the Boston PublicLibrary, Tran won first place in the Adult Amateur category.  A Jamaica Plain resident and Recycling Director for the City of Boston, Cascino won first place in the Adult Intermediate category.  A Watertown resident and Boston Public Schools visual arts teacher, Rodny won firstplace in the Adult Professional category.  A Dorchester resident, Tran won first place in the Youth 12 & Under category. An East Boston resident, Martinez-Garcia won first place in the Youth Teen category.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Kevin Sibley as Director of the Office of Returning Citizens, a newly formed office that will support the 3,000 individuals who return to Boston after being released from state, federal and county facilities each year, as well as others who were previously incarcerated. As Director, Sibley will work within the Office of Public Safety Initiatives.""The Office of Returning Citizens has the important role of giving individuals a second chance, and building them up with the support they need to reach their full potential,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Kevin has worked for his entire career as a change agent in his community, working to provide upward pathways for people looking to improve their lives. He is a tremendous asset to our office, and I look forward to our work together to create stronger and safer neighborhoods.""The Office aims to help individuals who have taken healthy steps and prepared themselves to move past the consequences of their past actions, and coordinate the work done by our social service and law enforce partners. This office will incorporate best practices from local, state and federal partners and include a review of similar offices in Washington DC and Philadelphia.According to The Boston Reentry Study from Harvard University, individuals reentering society need assistance accessing resources to help them find permanent housing and employment. The new Office of Returning Citizens aims to empower men and women reintegrating into their communities to reach full potential as individuals, family members and residents of Boston.""It is an honor for me to serve as the new Director of the Office of Returning Citizens, bringing my years of experience in helping those reentering society to a citywide level,"" said Sibley. ""I know the power a second chance can have on a person's life, and I look forward to supporting every individual in need of that chance under the leadership of Mayor Walsh.""Mayor Walsh created the Office of Public Safety in 2014 with the mandate of establishing cross-agency and cabinet coordination to tackle the challenging and complex problems in our neighborhoods that lead to and perpetuate violence. Part of the work of the office has included looking at services and opportunities available for individuals that are returning home. The new office will help fill gaps that exist within local, state, federal and county efforts.Prior to joining the Walsh Administration, Sibley worked as a program coordinator for Street Safe Boston, a public safety initiative by The Boston Foundation, where he worked to reduce youth violence in a subset of Boston affected by high rates of violent crime. He also previously served as the founding Dean of Students for the Home for Little Wanderers, the oldest not-for-profit organization in the country, where he implemented accountability measures and monitored programs and services for behaviorally and emotionally challenged students.Sibley serves his community as a mentor, and entrepreneur. He is currently the Boston area director for the Kappa League, a national youth development program that teaches young men grades 8-12, career readiness techniques and life skills with a collegiate focus. Sibley served in the United States Army Ordnance Division from 1990 to 1997. He holds a Masters in Business Management from Cambridge College and is an Alumnus of the University of Massachusetts. He currently resides in Dorchester.For more information on the Office of Public Safety Initiatives, please visittheir website."
Boston Public Library has approved the transfer of significant holdings from its Sound Archives Collection to the Internet Archive, a nonprofit digital library offering permanent access to historical collections for researchers, historians, and the general public. This project will catalog and digitize a major component of the BPLs Sound Archives Collection, which will be available where rights allow to all for free online upon the projects completion. The BPL Sound Archives Collection contains the Librarys collection of non-circulating commercial sound recordings in a variety of historical formats, including 78 rpms and LPs. The collection includes American popular music of many genres, including classical, pop, rock, jazz, and opera from the early 1900s on the 78 rpms and through the 1980s on the LPs. The collection has remained in its current state for several decades, in storage, uncataloged and inaccessible to the public.Through this innovative collaboration, the Internet Archive will bring significant portions of these sound archives online and to life in a way that we couldnt do alone, and we are thrilled to have this historic collection curated and cared for by our longtime partners for all to enjoy going forward, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library.Boston Public Library is once again leading in providing public access to their holdings. Their Sound Archive includes hillbilly music, early brass bands and accordion recordings from the turn of the last century, offering an authentic audio portrait of how America sounded a century ago, said Brewster Kahle, Founder and Digital Librarian of the Internet Archive. Every time I walk through BPLs doors, Im inspired to read what is carved above it: Free to All.The 78 rpm records from the BPLs Sound Archives Collection fit into the Internet Archives larger initiative called The Great 78 Project. This community effort seeks to digitize all 3 million minted sides (~3 minute recordings) published on 78 rpm discs from about 1898 to the 1950s, supporting thepreservation,researchanddiscoveryof 78 rpm records. While commercially viable recordings will have been restored or remastered onto LPs or CD, significant research value exists in the remaining artifacts among the often rare 78rpm discs and recordings. To date, over20 collectionshave been selected by the Internet Archive for physical anddigital preservation and access. Started by manyvolunteer collectors, these new collections have been selected, digitized, and preserved by theInternet Archive,George Blood LP, and theArchive of Contemporary Music.The simple fact of the matter is most audiovisual recordings will be lost, says George Blood, an internationally renowned expert on audio preservation. These 78s are disappearing right and left. It is important that we do a good job preserving what we can get to, because there wont be a second chance.Boston Public Library began working with the Internet Archive in 2007, and it is one of two digital partners-in-residence at the Central Library in Copley Square. The Internet Archive includestexts,audio,moving images, andsoftwareas well asarchived web pages, and also provides specialized services for adaptive reading and information access for the blind and other persons with disabilities. The Internet Archive scans and digitizes select bound materials for Boston Public Library, including the John Adams Library, one of the BPLs Collections of Distinction.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.The Internet Archive is a non-profit digital library founded by Brewster Kahle in 1996 with the mission to provide Universal access to all Knowledge. The organization seeks to preserve the worlds cultural heritage and to provide open access to our shared knowledge in the digital era, supporting the work of historians, scholars, journalists, students, the blind and reading disabled, as well as the general public. The Internet Archives digital collections include more than 35 petabytes of data: 300 billion Web pages, and millions of moving images, audio recordings, live concerts, texts, software and television. Each day, one million visitors use or contribute to the archive, making it one of the worlds 300 most popular sites. The Internet Archive has created new models for digital conservation by forging alliances with more than 1,000 libraries, universities and national archives around the world.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Sean Rocheto demolish the two-story commercial structurelocated at 35 Chickatawbut Street. The full address is 35 ChickatawbutStreet Dorchester, MA 02122.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on October 21, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture today announced the recipients of the City's first-ever Artist Fellowship Award, designed to support the advancement of artists living in Boston.Five local artists have been selected to receive a fellowship award worth $10,000, designed to recognize exceptional original artistic work while helping recipients advance their careers and continue their work in Boston.""Keeping artists in Boston is a key goal of the Boston Creates Cultural Plan,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The artists receiving the awards today have all made essential contributions to the City. We are proud to invest in these artists and help them continue to create the high quality work that makes Boston a thriving community.""The five artists receiving the Artist Fellowship Award include:Marilyn Arsem, a performance artist who creates live events ranging from solo performances to large-scale site-specific works incorporating installation and performance. Arsem has presented work at festivals, alternative spaces, galleries, museums, universities and conferences, in 28 countries in North and South America, Europe, in the Middle East, Oceania and Asia. Arsem received her BFA from Boston University and is a founding member of Mobius, Inc., an interdisciplinary collaborative of artists. Arsem lives in Jamaica Plain and was the 2015 recipient of the Maud Morgan Prize at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston.Mary-Jane Dohertyis an Associate Professor at Boston University. Over several decades she has worked with her students to develop the Narrative Documentary, a reshaping of traditional single-handed filmmaking so that technique becomes part of the story itself. After many years producing works for major corporations, Doherty began producing her own films in 2014, creating two films that follow young dancers growing up within Cuba's world-famous ballet system. Doherty lives in the Back Bay and is currently assembling a series of short films on the Boston Children's Chorus. Michelle Fornabai,is a conceptual artist from Roxbury. Fornabai forms ideas in ink and concrete, exploring art mistakes made within architectural standards of practice, eliciting unexpected results and poetic experiences from banal aspects of conventional construction. Trained as an architect, Michelle Fornabai received her Masters of Architecture from Princeton University. Her work has been exhibited at the Whitney Museum of American Art at Altria, the Southeastern Center for Contemporary Art, Storefront for Art and Architecture, Contemporary Art Center New Orleans, the Bruce Museum and the Yuan Art Museum, Beijing, China.Jason Palmeris a trumpeter, composer and educator who has performed with such greats as Roy Haynes, Herbie Hancock, Wynton Marsalis and many more. Palmer was a recipient of the 2014 French American Cultural Exchange Jazz Fellowship and was named a Fellow in Music Composition by the Massachusetts Cultural Council in 2011 and 2017. In addition to performing, Palmer is a board member at JazzBoston and an Assistant Professor of Ensembles and Brass at Berklee College of Music in Boston and served as an Assistant Professor at Harvard University. Palmer resides in Roslindale. Born and raised in Havana, Cuba,Dariel Suarezimmigrated to the United States with his family in 1997 and currently resides in Brighton. Suarez earned his M.F.A. in fiction at Boston University, where he was a Global Fellow, and is one of the founding editors ofMiddle Gray Magazine. He has taught creative writing at Boston University, the Boston Arts Academy, Boston University's Metropolitan College, and is now the Head of Faculty and Curriculum at GrubStreet. His writing has received honors fromGlimmer Train,Nimrod International's Katherine Anne Porter Prize for Fiction, andGival Press. Dariel's story collection, A KIND OF SOLITUDE, was a finalist for the New American Press Fiction Prize and the Autumn House Press Fiction Contest. The recipients will collaborate with the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture on an event to showcase their individual work. In addition, recipients will receive professional development support, and mentorship specialized to their needs.""Boston has a deep community of talented artists who have been creating extraordinary work,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""We are thrilled to be able to provide these artists with support that will help them continue to grow and develop while highlighting their commitment to the city""The Artist Fellowship Award process was open to all individual artists who work professionally in art disciplines and are a City of Boston resident. The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture received over 300 applications in four languages. The Artist Fellowship Award is an unrestricted award that can be used at the discretion of the recipient, providing the support they need to be able to continue their work. Today's announcement supports the goals of bothBoston Creates, the City's cultural plan and alsoImagine Boston 2030, the City's first citywide plan in 50 years.All applications were reviewed by a distinguished panel of jurors comprising members of the Boston Cultural Council and local arts leaders. Jurors included Boston Cultural Council members Pat McSweeney, Hanah Fadrigalan and Marie Fukuda Boston Artists-in-Residence Charles Coe and Jenn De Leon Jabari Asim, David Howse and Claire Andrade-Watkins of Emerson College Bill Banfield and Scott Wheeler of Berklee School of Music Nicole Terez Dutton, Somerville's Inaugural Poet Laureate Melinda Lopez, Playwright-in-Residence at Huntington Theatre Company David Henry of the Institute of Contemporary Art/Boston Louise Kennedy of WBUR Debra Cash from the Boston Dance Alliance F. Philip Barash of Sasaki Associates Fabio Fernandez of the Society of Arts + Crafts Elsa Mosquera Sterenberg of Inquilinos Boricuas en Accin Camilo Alvarez of Sams Projects Jen Mergel, an Independent Curator Fred Liang of Massachusetts College of Art Sabrina Aviles of the Boston Latino International Film Festival Valerie Linson of Facing History and Ourselves Lyda Kuth of the LEF Foundation Justina Crawford of the Museum of Fine Arts Boston Matt McArthur of The Record Co, and Greg Valentino Ball of KillerBoomBox.""'It was an honor to serve on this jury,"" said playwright and actor Melinda Lopez. ""Our exposure to the breadth of talent in this city was inspiring. We hope to celebrate our Fellowship Artists, as well as the deep pool of applicants.""The Boston Cultural Council, under the umbrella of the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, annually distributes funds allocated by the City of Boston and the Massachusetts Cultural Council, a state agency, to support innovative arts, humanities and interpretive sciences programming that enhances the quality of life in our city.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, the Poet Laureate program, and the Mayor's Mural Crew. Responsibilities include leading the City's Cultural Plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program (BostonAIR) overseeing the Artist Certification process curating exhibitions in City Hall operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester and supporting artists and arts organizations in Boston.The cultural plan is a ten-year plan for supporting arts and culture in the City of Boston. It was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen Boston's cultural vitality over the long term. The full cultural plan can be found online."
Building on Boston's commitment to stably house all residents, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston will release a request for proposals (RFP) on Tuesday, October 10th to continue its progress in endingyouthhomelessnessin the City of Boston. The consultant will assist the City in gathering data on homelessyouth, understanding the current system's capacity, identifying the unmet needs ofyouthand young adults, and designing a plan to address gaps in emergency assistance system.
"Building on the commitments made in theBostonCreates Cultural Planto ensure arts are integrated into all aspects of civic life, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that applications are now being accepted for the third round of theBostonArtist-in-Residence (AIR) program. The deadline to apply isNovember 5, 2017.BostonAIRbrings together artists, community members and City ofBoston employees to collaborate at the intersection of civil service, social justice and artistic practice to explore and reframe critical social conversations. Grounded in community, artists work to explore the ways art and artistic inquiry can be used to improve and bolster City initiatives and incorporate social and civic practice into government and community work.""TheBostonArtist in Residence programs helps us enhance and integrate the vast cultural capital of our city into our core services, for the benefit of all ofBoston's residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are excited to kick off year three, this time with a focus on resiliency and racial equity, key priorities for the city.""TheResilientBostonStrategy,issued in July of 2017, will provide the overarching policy framing for the third round ofBostonAIR. The strategy outlines a pathway forBostonto be an equitable, connected city where all residents are connected to each other and to their city through resilient approaches to growth that benefits all families, regardless of their race, class, or neighborhood.""This year,BostonAIRwill be a hybrid of the past two residency years. Once again, we are partnering withBostonCenters for Youth & Families, an effort that will continue to ground each residency in the local community and meet the needs ofBostonresidents,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts & Culture for the City ofBoston. ""At the same time, we are asking artists to connect their residency to one of Mayor Walsh's key priorities. We are excited to see what they come up with.""In the third year, artists can apply as an individual or as an artist collective, with up to three artists working together and sharing responsibilities for the work.A total of six artists or collectives will be selected for the third year of theBostonAIRprogram. An Artist Selection Committee will be comprised of representatives from the City ofBostonand local arts professionals. The artist cohort will include a mix of artistic disciplines and experience. The successful artists or collectives will demonstrate a strong, clear artistic vision, organizational experience and firsthand knowledge of cultures and/or communities inBoston.The 2018 Artists in Residence program will officially begin in January 2018 and continue through December 2018. There will be an informational webinar for applicants onThursday October 26,7-8 PM. To learn more aboutBostonAIRor to apply, visitwww.boston.gov/boston-air.Last month, Mayor Walsh announced the successful completion of projects created by the second cohort ofBostonAIRartists. The projects represented varying arts disciplines, from printmaking to sculpting and more, and build on Mayor Walsh's commitment to implementingBostonCreates. For more information on those projects,click here.""WithBostonAIR, the city ofBostonhas launched a program from which every city could benefit. It provides financial and structural support to solidify and expand the role of the arts in place making within a community, paying artists directly and providing a stipend,"" said artist-in-residence Cornell Coley, who participated in the second cohort ofBostonAIR. ""Personally, I have been able to bring the healing properties of community drumming to youth and families, to support local businesses and to further develop my own art form. The feedback has been overwhelmingly positive.""TheBostonCreates Cultural Planhelped informImagineBoston2030,Boston's first citywide plan in over 50 years. ImagineBoston2030 is a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the city. Both plans lay out a strategic framework to supportBoston's artists and work to attract new artists, integrate arts and cultural into all aspects of civic life, align public and private resources to strengthen our cultural vitality, and more. To learn more about ImagineBoston2030, pleasevisit here.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses theBostonCultural Council, theBostonArt Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading implementation ofthe City's Cultural Plan,BostonCreates managing theBostonArtist-in-Residence program (BostonAIR) curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information go to:www.boston.gov/artsThe cultural plan is a ten year plan for supporting arts and culture in the City ofBoston. It was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthenBoston's cultural vitality over the long term. The full cultural plan can be found online athttp://plan.bostoncreates.org.BostonCenters for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City ofBoston's largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers inBostonthat offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayor's Summer Jobs Program. For more information on BCYF, please visitboston.gov/bcyf"
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Joseph Keegan to demolish the single-story commercial structurelocated at 549 Washington Street in Brighton. The full address is 549 Washington Street, Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 20, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Scott Johnson with Brookside Green LLC to demolish the single-story commercial structure located at 114-120 Brookside Avenue in Jamaica Plain. The full address is 114-120 Brookside Avenue, Jamaica Plain, MA 02130.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 16, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Jeanethe Falvey as Boston's Chief Digital Officer, in the Department of Innovation and Technology under the leadership of Chief Information Officer Jascha Franklin-Hodge. Falvey will lead the City's Digital Team in building beautiful, welcoming and useful user experiences and helpful tools for the City's constituents.""We're committed to providing the best tools and services to the people of Boston,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""I'm pleased to welcome Jeanethe to the team as we continue to use our digital platforms to improve quality of life for our residents.""""To come home to the City of Boston in this capacity, with this responsibility, is an incredible honor,"" Falvey said. ""Each day will be an opportunity for our team to facilitate a better experience, and to empower residents and visitors with greater access to information and services. I am incredibly excited to see what we can accomplish together.""Some of Falvey's most notable work includes the resurgence of DOCUMERICA and creation of State of the Environment, which are both platforms that use public photos to showcase changes in the country's environment and human health conditions since the 1970s. In addition, Falvey served on the core response teams during the BP Oil Spill and Hurricane Sandy, and led community outreach and engagement in the New England region for several environmental cleanup projects including those in New Bedford, South Weymouth, and the Massachusetts Military Reservation.Falvey holds a Bachelor of Arts Degree in Political Science from Bates College, and a Graduate Certificate in Environmental Studies from Tufts University. Prior to her work at National Geographic, Falvey spent time improving web communications for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and much of her work continues to be relevant today. Falvey resides in the South End. Falvey begins work at the City on Tuesday, October 10th.The Digital Team is a small group of designers, engineers, product managers, and content specialists focused on building digital experiences focused on the residents and visitors of Boston. This July, the team celebrated the first anniversary of a new, awarded City website, Boston.gov. The team also works on creatively building web apps (see product roadmap) in the public eye (see how the team open sources everything) and telling stories about the work of departments City-wide. Their goal is to empower the public by providing access to the City's brand and writing guidelines. Learn more about their work.The Department of Innovation and Technology makes sure the networks, computers and systems that support the City are secure and effective. They also manage the City's websites and technologies focused on service delivery.The department's core work involves five priority areas:"
Cybersecurity is a shared responsibility. Everyonein every workplacefrom top leadership to entry-level staff  plays a role in protecting an organization.
Northeastern University is one of Bostons most important institutions of higher learning, and is an important employer in the heart of our City. The dining hall workers at Northeastern serve a crucial, but underappreciated role in the life of the university. Many of the more than 300 dining hall workers are long-time employers on the university campus however, the average dining hall worker earns less than $22,000 per year. Many of them must rely on public benefits, including subsidies for healthcare, housing, and food assistance.On Oct 4, 2017, the City Council passed a resolution supporting these Northeastern employees. The Boston City Council calls on the administration of Northeastern University to do everything in its power to reach a fair and equitable agreement with its dining hall workers, and the body expresses its collective support for the workers, following their strike.We need to make sure that when people are working and working hard and working full time, that they are going to have a livable wage, said Councilor Zakim.The universitys subcontractor, Chartwells, and Local 26 UNITE-HERE have been participating in collective bargaining agreement negotiations since April 2017. The university, its subcontractor, and the union have the capacity and ability to find a resolution that ensures economic security for these workers and the normal operations for the universitys dining halls.Councilor Jackson noted that the president of the university, President Aoun, has a yearly income of $3.1 million dollars and the yearly tuition at the university is $63,000. Councilor Jackson added, Yes, we call them non-profits, but when when I see the head of a university making 3.1 million dollars, that doesnt scream non-profit to me.At the meeting Councilor Pressley stated, Following the strike online, I have been very encouraged by the number of students that are standing in solidarity with workers. These are students that are sharpening their tools and developing their minds to emerge into the world and this City to do good and take on many social injustices. I am glad that while they are students they are not turning a blind eye to or being complicent in their silence about the ways in which disparities and injustices are being perpetuated on their very campus.
"One hundred twenty-seven cities and towns throughout the Commonwealth have adopted some form of Community Choice Energy. This week, on October 4, 2017, the Council voted unanimously to pass an order authorizing the City of Boston to do the same.The Massachusetts Restructuring Act of 1997 established Community Choice Energy, authorizing municipal governments to use bulk purchasing power to set an alternative electricity contract on behalf of residents and small businesses, including the ability to specify a higher level of renewable energy sourcing than required by state law.Studies have shown that Boston can increase its renewable energy source for electricity up to 6% without an increase in the rate payer  the order that passed called for a rate increase of 5%. Councilor OMalley stated that, Eversource will still deliver electricity, fix outages, and send residents bills. Ratepayers will not have to deal directly with the alternative supplier.On April 25, 2017, the City Council held a working session that demonstrated public demand to explore Community Choice Energy in Boston for its potential to increase the demand for renewables and strengthen consumer protection, transparency in energy consumption, and stability in the energy market.October 3, 2017, a hearing was held for councilors to gain insight from the administration and listen to public testimony. Residents of Boston filled the Winter Chamber at 26 Court Street and waited in line to offer their views on Community Choice Energy.At this weeks Council Meeting, Councilor OMalley stated, ""Sound environmental policy is good for the planet, good for green job creation, and good for the rate payer. It doesn't get much better than that.The municipal aggregation initiative, like its suburban counterparts, would eventually place residents and small businesses into an electricity plan that relies on more renewable energy than the amount that utilities must buy to meet state mandates.Councilor Wu stated, ""This is the single largest action that the City Council could take to immediately and dramatically increase our renewable energy sourcing in Boston."""
On October 4, 2017, the Jim Brooks Stabilization Act, also known as Just Cause Eviction, passed in a 10 to 3 vote. The Act gives the City the ability to inform tenants of their rights and provide them with resources in the event of an eviction, in order to prevent displacement. To do so, the Act requires property owners who own seven or more residential units in the city to alert the City Office of Housing Stability (COHS) within two days of serving a lease non-renewal or eviction notice to a tenant. Councilor Pressley stated, Everyone, regardless of their position or wealth, whether they are a tenant or homeowner, deserves to know their rights, and that is why I am supporting this legislation. This Act also provides tenants with potential legal relief including actual damages, punitive damages, reasonable attorneys fees and expenses.There are nine ways in which a tenant may be evicted for just cause including: non-payment of rent, violation of a tenancy agreement, and refusal to sign a lease. Councilor Zakim stated at the meeting, I think weve presented what is an interesting and an important two-pronged approach that I am hopeful, when enacted, will make a real difference in our communities and will make sure that folks are not being displaced, while at the same time making sure that when there is a just cause for eviction folks can be removed when it is deserved.Opponents of the proposal explained that there are existing state laws in place that govern the landlord and tenant relationship, and that certain provisions in the proposal would essentially bypass the traditional housing court process. Arguments were made that the proposal would impact small property owners and that the legislation amounts to a form of rent control. Opponents also explained that there are already protections in place for tenants and that this proposal could have an adverse effect on development. Councilor Linehan stated at the meeting, I do not think that this truly addresses the matter. I never said that I was going to support Just Cause Eviction because I felt that there were ample laws and bureaucracies in place to address these issues.The Councilors who voted for passage of the Jim Brooks Act ultimately agreed that displacement in Boston neighborhoods must be addressed somehow. Councilor Campbell stated, This is a serious problem in the City of Boston, its a crisis. Proponents explained that the proposal will provide a mechanism to notify tenants of their rights and will lead to stability in neighborhoods. They highlighted that it is a moderate measure to help with displacement and will stabilize families and discussed the connection between evictions and health problems. Councilor Pressley stated, Housing is a human right and the displacement of families needs to be addressed as the public health crisis that is is. Being evicted is destabilizing and devastating to our families and our neighborhoods and threatens the very diversity that we say we value and celebrate as a city.Under a separate ordinance - the Eviction Data Collection ordinance - the City Office of Housing Stability will be gathering data which will allow the City to know where and how often evictions are taking place in order to potentially prevent such evictions. Councilor Pressley followed up with, We cannot fully address a problem we do not have complete data for. We need to know who, where, and how evictions are happening in the City, and for a host of reasons we have not been able to access the housing court data around this issue. But even putting those challenges aside we know this will not give us the full picture of displacement and that is why we need the Jim Books Stabilization Act.
On October 4, 2017, a Resolution in support of Massachusetts House Bill 2091 and Senate Bill 373, An Act Automatically Registering Eligible Voters, passed unanimously during the City Council Meeting. Councilor OMalley stated, We need to make it easier not harder for people to vote, this is a fantastic first step and this is just going to benefit so much down the line. Our neighboring states Vermont, Rhode Island, and Connecticut - along with Alaska, California, Colorado, the District of Columbia, Georgia, Oregon, and West Virginia - have embraced automatic voter registration. Automatic voter registration has been widely hailed as a success in the states that have implemented it, and it has increased registration rates among young adults, low-income communities, and people of color.On September 28, 2017, the Special Committee on Civil Rights conducted a hearing regarding voter registration in the City of Boston. The current 20 day voter registration deadline was discussed as well as its effect on students, workers, and those who are at a disadvantage. A high school student from the Student Advisory Panel at Boston Public Schools stated that his peers have a great deal of priorities including applying for college, playing after school sports, and completing assignments. He recommended that a good way to get his peers to vote would be for students to be able to register with their guidance counselor, and provide them with community service hours for voting.Monica Roberts, Assistant Superintendent of Engagement for Boston Public Schools, suggested promulgating the relevant information on how students can register to vote in the welcome centers, where 40,000 students visit every year.The possibility of a late start time for eligible students to vote on election days, and even paid or unpaid time off for professionals to vote during the work day was also discussed. Josh Young, the Director of Legislative Affairs from ABCD, declared the 20 day voter registration deadline as a form of disenfranchisement and subtle voter suppression. Young described how the deadline puts residents who cannot stay stable in their daily lives at a disadvantage when it comes to electing their leaders. Councilor Zakim recognized that the populations that ends up being disenfranchised by arbitrary rules are the voices that need to be heard the loudest. One member of the public who testified at the hearing stated the significance of the massive September 1st moving day in Boston, and how it causes a major disenfranchisement to a large amount of people who have a change of address so close to the election and, therefore are not able to vote. Councilor Zakim stated, Many people, especially in myself and Councilor Ciommos districts, have just moved on September 1st, and unless youre planning on going to register to vote on the day you just moved in you are missing a deadline. He followed up with, Were talking about our right to vote, as our fundamental right that protects all of our other rights in our society, and whatever we can do to lower those barriers is important.
From a costumed roller skate night to haunted houses, Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) community centers are hosting a variety of Halloween activities. Check our website for regular updates. Below is the schedule as of October 6. Call the center listed for more information.Friday, October 20BCYF Leahy Holloran Community CenterSunday, October 22BCYF Hyde Park Community CenterWednesday, October 25BCYF Leahy Holloran Community CenterBCYF Menino Community CenterFriday, October 27BCYF Blackstone Community CenterBCYF Girls Skate NightBCYF Nazzaro Community CenterBCYF Ohrenberger Community CenterBCYF Paris Street Community CenterBCYF Tynan Community CenterSaturday, October 28BCYF Holland Community CenterMonday, October 30BCYF Pino Community CenterTuesday, October 31BCYF Curtis Hall Community CenterBCYF Nazzaro Community CenterBCYF Roche Family Community CenterBCYF Tobin Community CenterWednesday, November 1BCYF Grove Hall Senior Center
The Boston Transportation Department is hosting a North End Community Planning Workshop on Wednesday, October 11, at 6 PM at the Nazzaro Center in the North End, to discuss the upcoming expansion of Bostons public bike share system. Residents are encouraged to attend the workshop and help BTD to determine potential locations for new bike share stations in their neighborhood.Over the next two years, more than seventy new bike share stations will be added in neighborhoods throughout Boston. New stations will be installed beginning in the summer of 2018. Bikeshare Network Expansion is identified as a key project in the Go Boston 2030 Action Plan released earlier this year. Go Boston 2030 is the City of Bostons comprehensive, long term transportation plan to provide safe and efficient access on Bostons streets for all users, whether people choose to walk, ride bikes, drive motor vehicles or use public transportation. Go Boston 2030 complements Imagine Boston 2030, Bostons citywide plan to guide long-term growth.The Hubway bike share system is a healthy, affordable and environmentally friendly mode of transportation, said BTD Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. We are delighted to have this opportunity to expand the existing service and provide more people with the chance to take advantage of public bike share in Bostons neighborhoods. We look forward to hearing residents suggestions for the best potential locations for bike share stations in the City.A total of 28 workshops are taking place this fall. The full meeting schedule can be found at boston.gov/bike-share-expansion in the 2017 Expansion Planning Workshop Schedule section. Although each workshop will focus on the neighborhood where the meeting is held, materials will be available to discuss all neighborhoods that are under consideration for expansion. Residents who are unavailable to attend a scheduled workshop in their own neighborhood are urged to join any of the others that are convenient for them.Go Boston 2030 is the City of Bostons long term mobility plan. Go Boston 2030 envisions a city in a region where all residents have better and more equitable travel choices, where efficient transportation networks foster economic opportunity, and where steps have been taken to prepare for climate change. Whether traveling by transit, on foot, on a bike, or by car, people will be able to access all parts of Boston safely and reliably. A list of projects and policies have been developed that are being implemented as early action projects in the near term, and a set of long-term projects and policies are intended to be implemented over the next 15 years.The Hubway system is regional public transportation by bike, owned by the municipalities of Boston, Brookline, Cambridge and Somerville. System wide, there are more than 180 stations offering 1,600 bikes to more than 15,000 members. Since launching in July 2011, users have taken 5.3 million trips.
The Boston Transportation Department is hosting a Community Planning Workshop in Allston on Saturday, October 14, at 10 a.m., at the BPL Honan-Allston Branch Library, to discuss the upcoming expansion of Bostons public bike share system. Residents are encouraged to attendand help BTD to determine potential locations for new bike share stations in their neighborhood.Over the next two years, more than seventy new bike share stations will be added in neighborhoods throughout Boston. New stations will be installed beginning in the summer of 2018. Bikeshare Network Expansion is identified as a key project in the Go Boston 2030 Action Plan released earlier this year. Go Boston 2030 is the City of Bostons comprehensive, long term transportation plan to provide safe and efficient access on Bostons streets for all users, whether people choose to walk, ride bikes, drive motor vehicles or use public transportation. Go Boston 2030 complements Imagine Boston 2030, Bostons citywide plan to guide long-term growth.The Hubway bike share system is a healthy, affordable and environmentally friendly mode of transportation, said BTD Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. We are delighted to have this opportunity to expand the existing service and provide more people with the chance to take advantage of public bike share in Bostons neighborhoods. We look forward to hearing residents suggestions for the best potential locations for bike share stations in the City.A total of 28 workshops are taking place this fall. The full meeting schedule can be found at boston.gov/bike-share-expansion in the 2017 Expansion Planning Workshop Schedule section. Although each workshop will focus on the neighborhood where the meeting is held, materials will be available to discuss all neighborhoods that are under consideration for expansion. Residents who are unavailable to attend a scheduled workshop in their own neighborhood are urged to join any of the others that are convenient for them.Go Boston 2030 is the City of Bostons long term mobility plan. Go Boston 2030 envisions a city in a region where all residents have better and more equitable travel choices, where efficient transportation networks foster economic opportunity, and where steps have been taken to prepare for climate change. Whether traveling by transit, on foot, on a bike, or by car, people will be able to access all parts of Boston safely and reliably. A list of projects and policies have been developed that are being implemented as early action projects in the near term, and a set of long-term projects and policies are intended to be implemented over the next 15 years.The Hubway system is regional public transportation by bike, owned by the municipalities of Boston, Brookline, Cambridge and Somerville. System wide, there are more than 180 stations offering 1,600 bikes to more than 15,000 members. Since launching in July 2011, users have taken 5.3 million trips.
Under the leadership of Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Boston Public Library will host the first community advisory committee meeting to discuss the design for the estimated $6.4 million renovation of the Roslindale Branch on Tuesday, October 17, at 6 p.m. at the branchs location at 4246 Washington Street. The renovation is a capital project collaboration between the Boston Public Library and the City of Bostons Public Facilities Department. Leers Weinzapfel Associates is the architecture firm selected for the project and will reconfigure the layout of the interior of the building utilizing the existing planning study as a starting point, completed with the community in 2013, which the firm also lead. All are invited.The first design meeting offers community members a key opportunity to provide input on how they envision the Roslindale Branch best serving its patrons for the future, and we welcome all ideas and feedback as we take this significant step together to reimagine and update the librarys space and services, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library.The Public Facilities Department looks forward to working with the BPL and the Roslindale community to transform this building into a 21st Ccentury library that supports and enhances the BPLs impressive array of programming for years to come, said Tricia Lyons, the Director of the Public Facilities Department. This exciting project illustrates Mayor Walshs commitment to the Roslindale community and to our libraries throughout the City.Library service first began in the Roslindale community in 1898, and the current branch was designed in 1961 by Isidor Richmond and Carny Goldberg, and today offers a variety of services and programming for people of all ages, including book discussions, homework help, ESL conversation groups, story times, and more. The library holds a large collection of teen and ESL materials, in addition to a strong collection of plays, poetry, literary criticism, and popular health materials.Reaffirming Mayor Walshs commitment to bringing quality library services to neighborhoods throughout the City, nearly $14 million in library projects are planned across the city in FY18 and an additional $102 million in funding for library projects is slated for FY19-FY22. Most major renovations or new construction projects undergo a programming, design, and construction phase, which always include significant community engagement to gain input, feedback, and insight from users. More information on the Roslindale Branch renovation and additional projects can be viewed via www.bpl.org/branchcapitalprojects.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
The BAA Half Marathon, the Columbus Day Parade, the Tufts Columbus Day Race for Women and other special events taking place this weekend will impact traffic and parking in Boston. Those attending the events are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.Saturday, October 7At 10:30 AM, an estimated 1,000 people will gather at the Chinatown Gate at the intersection of Beach Street and Surface Road for the Double Ten Parade. The group will proceed on Beach Street, right onto Washington Street, crossing over Court Street to the Washington Mall to City Hall Plaza for a flag raising ceremony. Brief traffic delays are expected.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.From 11 AM through 4:30 PM, the Commonwealth Avenue Carriage Road, from Spofford Road to Long Avenue, Allston, will be closed to traffic for the Grand Opening of the All Bright Community Center.Sunday, October 8The Boston Athletic Association Half-Marathon route will close to traffic at 7:30 AM and remain closed until approximately 11:00 AM. The use of alternate routes to avoid traveling in the Forest Hills area on Sunday morning is strongly advised. The route is: Pierpont Road in Franklin Park, right on Jewish War Vets Drive, to Circuit Drive, to Forest Hills Drive, to the Arborway, to Pond Street, to the Jamaicaway, to the Riverway, turn around on the Riverway just before Fenway, to the Riverway, to the Jamaicaway, right on Route 9E exit, right on River Road, left on Pond Avenue, clockwise around Pond/Chestnut Street Rotary, left on Chestnut Street, right on Perkins, left on Francis Parkman Drive, right on Arborway, continue on Forest Hills Overpass, counterclockwise around Forest Hills Rotary, right on Forest Hills Drive, right on Circuit Drive, follow Circle Drive around backside of Devine Golf Course, turn around on Circuit Drive behind Devine Golf Course, continue on Circuit Drive, right on Jewish War Veterans Drive, left on Pierpont Road, right into service entrance to Franklin Park Zoo, exit the Giraffe Entrance to the Franklin Park Zoo, to Playstead Road, left at basketball courts, left into White Stadium finishing at the 40 yard line.Tow Zone No Stopping Saturday -Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Columbus Day Parade will begin at 1 PM at City Hall Plaza. The parade will proceed onto Cambridge Street, turn right onto New Sudbury Street, right onto Congress Street, left onto State Street, left onto Atlantic Avenue, continue onto Commercial Street, left onto Battery Street, left onto Hanover Street, right onto Cross Street, right onto Endicott Street, right at North Washington Street, right onto Commercial Street for dispersal. The parade route will be closed to traffic from approximately 11 AM to 3:30 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Irish Heritage Festival will require that Hallet Street, Dorchester, from Gallivan Boulevard to Hilltop Street, remainclosed to traffic between 10 AM to 6 PM. MBTA buses and visitors will have access to the Keystone Apartments and Pope John Paul Park from Hilltop Street only.The following parking restrictions will be in effect for the Boston Red Sox Playoff games on Sunday and Monday, October 8 and October 9Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday and MondayTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event HP Parking Only Sunday and MondayMonday, October 9The Tufts 10K/Columbus Day Race for Women route will begin on Beacon Street, east of Charles Street, at 12 PM with an estimated 7,000 runners. The route will close to traffic at approximately 11:50 AM and streets along the route will reopen as the race progresses. The route is: Beacon Street, right onto Massachusetts Avenue, over the Massachusetts Avenue Bridge, travel on streets in the City of Cambridge, back over the Massachusetts Avenue Bridge to Massachusetts Avenue in Boston, left onto Commonwealth Avenue, right onto Arlington Street, left onto Boylston Street, left onto Charles Street, finishing between the center gate of the Public Garden and Beacon Street.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday and Monday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Monday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of West Roxbury resident Maureen Flynn as Deputy Director for Homeownership Programs.
The Boston Transportation Department recently installed rectangular rapid flash beacons at the intersection of Bennington, Ashley and Blackinton Streets, near the Orient Heights MBTA Station. This is the third location in East Boston where rectangular rapid flash beaconshave recently been installed by BTD and the Public Works Department to enhance pedestrian safety. The other locations in the neighborhood are the intersection of Saratoga Street and Barnes Avenue, and on Meridian Street at Gove, Havre and Decatur Streets. Pedestrians are strongly encouraged to take advantage of the new safety equipment and push the button to activate the rapid flash beacons before crossing.Prioritizing moving people safely around the City is stated as a primary goal and target in the Go Boston 2030 Action Plan and it is consistent with the City of Bostons Vision Zero goals to eliminate fatal traffic crashes on City streets by 2030. Vision Zero is a component of Go Boston 2030, the City of Bostons strategic long term transportation plan. In accordance with Go Boston 2030, the City is working to provide safe and efficient access on Bostons streets for all users, whether people choose to walk, ride bikes, drive motor vehicles or use public transportation.I urge people crossing at these three busy locations to press the button and wait for the signs to begin flashing before stepping off the curb, said City of Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. Rectangular rapid flash beacons enhance safety for people walking by warning drivers that a pedestrian will be entering the roadway. The flashing signs make the pedestrian more visible, especially at night. They also alert drivers that they must yield and allow the person walking to safely cross the street.The key benefits of rectangular rapid flash beaconsarethat they increase driver awareness of potential pedestrian conflict and they increase the incidence of drivers who yield the right-of-way to pedestrians in crosswalks. The Boston Transportation Department cautions local motorists to come to a complete stop when approaching a rapid flash beacon that has been activated. Drivers are also reminded that the default speed limit in the City of Boston is 25 mph unless otherwise posted.Go Boston 2030 is the City of Bostons long term mobility plan. Go Boston 2030 envisions a city in a region where all residents have better and more equitable travel choices, where efficient transportation networks foster economic opportunity, and where steps have been taken to prepare for climate change. Whether traveling by transit, on foot, on a bike, or by car, people will be able to access all parts of Boston safely and reliably. A list of projects and policies have been developed that are being implemented as early action projects in the near term, and a set of long-term projects and policies are intended to be implemented over the next 15 years. More information may be found at: www.GoBoston2030.org
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has received a $2.4 million federal award from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA) to support Boston's continued work in ending chronic and veteran homelessness. The grant will serve 270 chronically homeless individuals by further increasing the City's capacity to house and provide treatment for homeless individuals with mental health and substance use disorders.Boston Housing Authority (BHA) provides affordable housing to more than 58,000 residents in and around the City of Boston. Residents are assisted through a combination of public housing and federal and state voucher subsidy programs that provide a wide variety of housing opportunities. As the largest public housing authority in New England, the BHA houses close to 9 percent of the city's residents.Our mission is to provide stable, quality affordable housing for low and moderate income persons to deliver these services with integrity and mutual accountability and to create living environments which serve as catalysts for the transformation from dependency to economic self-sufficiency.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Philip Hresko to demolish the single-family residence and shed located at 793 East 6th Street in South Boston.The full address is 793 East 6th Street, South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 13, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Stuart Mullally to demolish the single-story commercial structure located at 283 Old Colony Avenue in South Boston. The full address is 283 Old Colony Avenue, South Boston, MA 02127We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 12, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
This is a homework assignment with the purpose of engaging students and their families to have and practice a fire escape plan in the home. Teachers that submit their students work will be entered into a drawing for one of the $100 Target gift cards to purchase miscellaneous classroom supplies.In a fire, seconds count. Seconds can mean the difference between residents of our community escaping safely from a fire or having their lives end in tragedy. Thats why this years Fire Prevention Week theme: Every Second Counts: Plan 2 Ways Out! is so important. It reinforces why everyone needs to have an escape plan.Students will draw a diagram of their home and show two ways out of every room, (sometimes the second way is a window), they will include the family meeting place outside of the home, and highlight where the smoke alarms are in the home. Printable instructions are attached. The link is below for the printable instructions.The contest is open to all Boston students in public, charter, private, parochial or alternative schools for grades 1-5. The drawing will take place at 2 p.m. on November 15. All submissions received by noon on November 15 will be included. All submissions must include a cover sheet including the name and address of the school, grade, teachers name, email and phone number. One submission per teacher will be accepted.Email: michelle.mccourt@boston.govFax: 617-343-3696Mail: Boston Fire PreventionAttn: Michelle McCourt1010 Mass Ave., 4th FloorBoston, MA 02118You can also drop off students' work at any firehouse in an envelope addressed to:BFD Department MailFire Prevention DivisionAttn: Michelle McCourt
Fire Prevention Week will be observed in the City of Boston this year from October 8 to October 14.In a fire, seconds count. Seconds can mean the difference between residents of our community escaping safely from a fire or having their lives end in tragedy. Thats why this years Fire Prevention Week theme: Every Second Counts: Plan 2 Ways Out! is so important. It reinforces why everyone needs to have an escape plan.Heres this years key campaign messages:Fire stations in Boston will be open to the public between 1200 and 1700 hours for visits of the premises and for the conveyance of information concerning the fire department functions and fire prevention matters.Fire Prevention Week was established to commemorate the Great Chicago Fire, the tragic 1871 conflagration that killed more than 250 people, left 100,000 homeless, destroyed more than 17,400 structures and burned more than 2,000 acres. The fire began on October 8, but continued into and did most of its damage on October 9, 1871.Learn more about Fire Prevention week
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today the latest release of data through the Building Energy Reporting and Disclosure Ordinance (BERDO). The energy metrics for large- and medium-sized buildings are available on Analyze Boston, the Citys open data hub, and through an interactive map that Boston residents can use to see their building energy and water usage.This first step in reducing energy use is knowing how much you already consume, said Mayor Walsh. Were working with buildings to help them understand how they can achieve savings by comparing their footprint to others, and I encourage all Bostonians to do the same. This is the third year of public disclosure. Over 1,800 large- and medium-sized properties are now sharing their energy and water use. Buildings track and report their energy and water use through the Environmental Protection Agency's (EPA) ENERGY STAR Portfolio Manager, which Analyze Boston adds to its open data hub.We see open data as a great platform for sharing knowledge, said the City of Bostons Chief Data Officer Andrew Therriault. We hope making this data readily available will encourage commercial and residential building owners to explore ways to reduce their energy use and costs.View latest data on Analyze BostonMap of Boston's energy and water usageBuildings account for nearly three quarters of greenhouse gas emissions in Boston and thus play a critical role in achieving the goals laid out in the Citys Climate Action Plan. By providing better information on building energy use, owners and tenants can become more aware of their energy use, costs, and carbon emissions - offering opportunities to reduce all three.BERDO data disclosure has been the metric by which our practitioner community measures progress in the built environment, said Celis Brisbin, Acting Executive Director of the U.S. Green Building Council - Massachusetts Chapter. As we continue to advance on our emissions targets, BERDO and the data-driven solutions which come of it will inform the action we take as a proactive community.This is the last year of phasing in implementation of BERDO, and all buildings in Boston greater than 35,000 square feet should be reporting.The next step required by the ordinance is for buildings to show that they are making progress in cutting their carbon emissions. Buildings can comply with the requirement in several ways, including showing a 15 percent reduction in their energy usage or performing an energy audit that provides recommendations for cost-effective measures to cut carbon emissions.Boston enacted the Building Energy Reporting and Disclosure Ordinance (BERDO) in 2013, requiring large buildings to report their annual energy and water use to the City. In 2017 the requirements apply to all non-residential buildings greater than 35,000 square feet and all residential buildings that are 35,000 square feet or larger or have 35 or more units. Any tax parcel with multiple buildings that sum to 100,000 square feet or 100 units or more must also comply. The ordinance also requires the City to make the information public. 
October is National Depression and Mental Health Screening Month. Depression, although still widely stigmatized, is in our families, our schools, our communities, and our workplace. It is very likely that someone you work with is affected, since onein every 10 people may experience depression. The best way to help this issue is by first engaging in conversations about it. Conversation leads to understanding and understanding leads to change. To change the way people view this topic, we must discuss and listen. Its also important to educate ourselves about what depression looks like, so were best able to help those around us.Someone with depression may experience the following symptoms:In the workplace symptoms of depression may be viewed differently. For instance, a person could be having trouble concentrating as a result of depression. Their co-workers may perceive that the person is scattered or disinterested. Someone who is feeling sad may appear to be withdrawing from a team. Keep in mind that people who have recently experienced a personal crisis, traumatic event, or loss may show these symptoms more often.Right Direction is an initiative that the Employee Assistance Program has been sharing with City departmentsthis year. It provides helpful information as we prepare totalk about mental health in the workplace. We want everyone to know its OK to not be OK. There are professionals and resources that can help. For more information, visit the Right Direction website to find depression screenings, suicide prevention support, and other helpful links.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and HarvardPresident Drew Gilpin Faust today broke ground on the William F. Smith Field in Allston.The $6.5 million renovation will include improvements to the playground and sports fields, as well as the construction of walking paths, a splash pond, a street hockey court, and a spacious amphitheater which will allow for various performances throughout the year. Plans also call for increased opportunities to display public art and several street improvements along Western Avenue. The new amphitheater will be named after General George Casey, an Allston native and war hero who died while serving in Vietnam.""Parks and green spaces are gems in our communities. Whether residents use it for a game of soccer, a quiet place to take a walk or study, or see a performance at the amphitheater, I have no doubt that Smith Field will be treasured by all those in Allston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Thank you to President Faust and Harvard for stepping up to make this new, dynamic public space a reality.""The community, the City and Harvard deemed the renovation of Smith Field a high priority during the 2013 Institutional Master Plan (IMP) and community benefits master planning process. As a result, the City of Boston included a significant capital expense approval to fund a Smith Field master planning process and a $3.3 million renovation.The Boston Parks and Recreation Department launched a public master planning process in 2015. That process included a comprehensive series of public meetings to refine the scope, design and cost of the project. The Harvard Public Realm Flex Fund approved $185,000 to expand the scope of the first phase of the project and to fully fund the first phase design.In March of 2016, the Harvard Public Realm Flex Fund, Harvard's $5.35 million local grant program, approved $1.9 million to fully fund the first phase of construction, which will renovate two-thirds of the park. Harvard University contributed an additional $700,000 to implement a connective pathway network, known as Longfellow Path, around the edges of the park.""Smith Field is a special place in the heart of an extraordinary community,"" said Harvard President Drew Faust. ""Public parks provide an important reminder of our responsibilities to our environment, to our neighborhoods and to each other. I know that a newly renovated Smith Field will continue to strengthen the ties of campus and community that are so meaningful to both Harvard and to our neighbors in Allston.""""The investment in Smith Field is an investment in our shared future,"" said Katie Lapp, Harvard's Executive Vice President. ""When completed, Smith Field will help us continue to foster a strong sense of community, and will continue to show us what is possible when the city, the community and Harvard collaborate together for the common good.""In 2016, the City of Boston Parks Commission voted to name the new amphitheater for General George Casey, an Allston native and war hero who died while service in Vietnam. General Casey's son George Casey Jr., a retired U.S. Army General who served as the Commanding General, Multi-National Force-Iraq from 2004-2007, and as the 36thChief of Staff to the U.S. Army 2007-2011, was in attendance for the ceremony, acknowledging his motherElaine Morton Casey.""My thanks to Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston for this wonderful tribute to my husband, George, to the Casey family and to the men and women who fought so valiantly in Vietnam more than 40 years ago,"" said General Casey's widow, Elaine Morton Casey.The 14 acre park was established in the 1890s and is named for William F. Smith,who was killed during World War I.Its location on Western Avenue, across the street from the Harvard Ed Portal and adjacent to the Continuum Building at Barry's Corner, has long been an important cornerstone of the community.The project is expected to be completed in the fall of 2018."
Tomorrow, Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Boston Public Schools Superintendent Tommy Chang, Boston Water and Sewer Commission Executive Director Henry F. Vitale and students, staff and faculty from the Washington Irving Middle School will unveil the school's new green infrastructure design.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh, along with partners Community Economic Development Assistance Corporation (CEDAC) and the Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC), today announced the creation of the Vacant Site Acquisition Fund, which will provide new financing options for nonprofit developers to acquire vacant and underutilized land and buildings for affordable housing development.
The Boston Transportation Department (BTD), the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM), and the Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) announced the implementation of a fourth demand-responsive price change for the City of Bostons ongoing Performance Parking Pilot Program is effective beginning today.The minimum price at meters will remain at $1 per hour, and the maximum will increase from$3 per hour to $3.50 per hour at meters in the South Boston Waterfront pilot area. Roughly 48 percent of the meter rates remain unchanged since the last demand-responsive price change went into effect in August.Prices vary by four time bands (weekdays 8am-12pm 12pm-rpm 4pm-8pm and all days Saturday.) Prices are posted on meters and are available online on our pilot website. Parking meters are free on Sundays in the City of Boston.The South Boston Waterfront pilot program began in January and will continue through the end of 2017. During this time, prices are being adjusted every two months and will remain consistent in two-month increments. Prices will stabilize when occupancy reaches the target of about one open space per block.The performance parking pilot programs objectives are to help manage curb space more efficiently, ultimately reducing congestion, emissions and distracted driving from vehicles cruising for parking. Studies show that up to 30 percent of traffic on city streets is related to circling for a curbside parking space. The City of Boston wants to improve the experience for short-term parkers, increase turnover and maintain healthy street and sidewalk activity in our business districts.
The New England Foundation for the Arts produced one of the reports - The Jobs in New Englands Creative Economy and Why They Matter- which was funded by a grant from the Barr Foundation. In the report, NEFA set out to identify exactly who made up New Englands creative sector, how they overlap with other sectors, and how their work is affecting the overall economy. One of the most fascinating elements of their findings was the number of people employed by the creative economy in New England--more than 310,000. This makes the share of creative employment and establishments, compared to other employment and establishments, higher in New England than it is nationally. All sectors employ and need creative workers, and those with creative occupations work everywhere, not just in the arts.NEFA also found that the creative sector is not solely made up of artists, and in fact includes individuals from all sectors.The second study,Arts and Economic Prosperity 5, was released by Americans for the Arts. This was a national study that looked at economic contributions of the arts all over the country. The MOAC was a partner in this effort so we have data for the City of Boston as well.It found that the arts and culture industry generated $166.3 billion in economic activity in 2015, supported 4.6 million jobs, and generated $27.5 billion in revenue to local, state, and federal governments. In the City of Boston alone, the total amount spent by the nonprofit arts and culture industry was $1,354,137,061, and the number of full-time jobs supported by the industry equaled 45,889. These numbers are significant and they reinforce the role of the creative economy in the economic vitality of the city.On Monday, local leaders in government, business, and the arts joined forces atSonos Boston office to launch a campaign thatunderlines this key takeaway: --Arts Means Business. Known as#artsmeansbizon social media, the campaign strives to highlight the importance of arts and culture to the economy and encourages individuals to better support the creative economy.Speakers included Mayor Marty Walsh, Massachusetts Senate President Stan Rosenberg, Barr Foundation President Jim Canales, Sonos CMO Joy Howard, and Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce CEO James Rooney. They all stressed one thing--that investing in the arts is crucial to creating a thriving economy. With the implementation of things such as the Boston Artist In Residence Program, the Artist Fellowship Award, and the Percent for Art Program, Boston has already made great strides to accomplish the goals laid out in the Boston Creates Cultural Plan, investing in local artists and helping to keep them in Boston. However, there is much more room to grow, and in order for more progress to be made, we need to continue to drive towards achieving all of the goals laid out in the plan. 
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Foundation today announced the creation of the Massachusetts United for Puerto Rico Fund. Hosted in partnership with the Latino Legacy Fund and civic leaders of Boston's Puerto Rican community, Massachusetts United for Puerto Rico will be dedicated to the relief and reconstruction of Puerto Rico and to support any Puerto Ricans arriving in Boston and the Commonwealth as a result of the destruction from Hurricane Maria.""Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with the Puerto Rican people, those who live here and those who are on the island, as they recover from the devastating impacts of Hurricane Maria,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""We have been in close communication with officials from Puerto Rico and, with such a strong Puerto Rican community here in Boston, they know we are here to help, for as long as they need.""Initial gifts will be used as challenge grants to the community for a wide-ranging fundraising appeal. Up to one third of funds raised will be immediately distributed for relief efforts and the remainder of the fund will be deployed over the next year, through 2018, for reconstruction and economic recovery projects in Puerto Rico and to support resettlement efforts in Boston and the Commonwealth.""The humanitarian crisis in Puerto Rico is so severe that it will be months if not years before the island fully recovers. The Boston Foundation is committed to joining with Puerto Rican community of Greater Boston, which has done so much for our city and region, as it seeks to provide immediate relief and long-term support."" said Paul S. Grogan, President and CEO of the Boston Foundation.Vanessa Caldern-Rosado will chair the Advisory Committee overseeing the fund, with Mayor Walsh and Governor Charlie Baker serving as honorary co-chairs and House Ways and Means Chair Representative Jeffrey Snchez as honorary vice chair. The Advisory Committee will also include Aixa Beauchamp and Juan Carlos Morales from the Latino Legacy Fund, and experts from the Massachusetts Puerto Rican diaspora community.""The American citizens in Puerto Rico are facing a monumental crisis that requires immediate action from our community, our civic leaders and our elected officials,"" said Vanessa Caldern-Rosado. ""We are ready to raise very needed funds to help the reconstruction of the island. We are grateful for the immediate outpour of support for this important effort.""Donors already committed to supporting the fund include Tufts Health Plan Foundation, Thomas Melendez and Aixa Beauchamp, MFS, EOS Foundation, Massachusetts General Hospital, Brigham Health, Spaulding Rehabilitations Network, Partners Healthcare, Steward Healthcare System LLC, the Latino Legacy Fund and the Boston Foundation. Massachusetts United for Puerto Rico will focus on gathering philanthropic support from corporations, foundations and individual donors in order to deploy resources to Puerto Rico quickly and effectively.""Our hearts break for the people of Puerto Rico and their Massachusetts-based families and friends, whose lives were turned upside down by the devastation of these merciless hurricanes,"" said Governor Baker. ""As the proud home of one of the largest groups of Puerto Rican American communities in the country, the Commonwealth is pleased to join the City of Boston and the Boston Foundation to create the 'Massachusetts Puerto Rico Fund.' We stand ready to extend heartfelt welcomes to disaster survivors who seek temporary or permanent residence in Massachusetts and will provide any and all personnel and equipment requested throughout the recovery process. Lieutenant Governor Polito and I encourage all in Massachusetts to join us in supporting Governor Rossell and our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico throughout this incredibly challenging time.""""The apocalypse hit Puerto Rico and Puerto Rico's people are crying for help,"" said Representative Jeffrey Snchez. ""The Puerto Rican community within our Commonwealth of Massachusetts is rallying with Gov. Baker, Mayor Walsh and myself to guarantee that the community's vision becomes a reality. That vision is to assure that we rally together and help those individuals and organizations who are making a difference on the ground and helping the people of Puerto Rico. Together, we can make a lasting impact on the lives of Puerto Rican families from our Commonwealth of Massachusetts to our sister Commonwealth in the Caribbean.""Massachusetts has the 5th largest population of Puerto Ricans in the continental United States. In Boston, 32,226 residents identify as Puerto Rican and 25.1 percent of Boston's Latino population identify as Puerto Rican.For more information, visit the Boston Foundation's Massachusetts United for Puerto Rico website. For more information on how to find loved ones and more information about volunteer efforts,please visit boston.gov."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Anthony Ruscitoto demolish a single-family residencelocated at 1824 River Streetin Hyde Park. The full address is 1824 River Street, Hyde Park MA, 02136.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on October 10, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"This unique collaboration with Boston Philharmonic Orchestra furthers Boston Public Librarys commitment to bringing its collections and spaces to life, with a wide range of cultural programs, and celebrates the work of talented musicians and strong partners such as the BPO, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library. We hope this is the first of many opportunities in the music and performance space, continuing to bring the library and its collections to life.I am very excited about the first class in the series at the Boston Public Librarythis Saturdayat10 a.m., adds Benjamin Zander, founder and conductor of the Boston Philharmonic Orchestra and Boston Philharmonic Youth Orchestra.We will work on a movement of one of the Bach cello suites for viola, two heavenly Mahler songs, and a brilliant show piece for cello withthree fabulously gifted young performers. I guarantee that we will all walk out at 12 with our spirits lifted andour hearts opened, in the way that only great music can. Bring a youngster, so that we can reveal themagical world of classical music.""The Interpretation Classes feature solo performers and small chamber groups comprised of Boston Philharmonic Orchestra, Boston Philharmonic Youth Orchestra, as well as other highly accomplished young musicians residing or studying in the Boston area. Maestro Zander draws upon his more than fifty years of teaching experience to guide these young musicians to more inspired and communicative performances that engage both musician and audience alike in this unique and dynamic setting.BPO/BPL branch concerts, known as the Mosaic program, will focus on the following themes: Women, African American, Latin-American, Boston-based, and living composers, the history of classical music, Thoreau UnCaged (a special program featuring composer John Cages setting of Henry David Thoreaus writings including Walden and A Civil Disobedience), and selections from Berios Sequenzas. With varied thematic repertoire, the BPO and BPL seek to represent the diversity that makes Boston such a strong community and to break down the barriers that stand between people and their soon to be discovered love of classical music.The concert schedule can be viewed via www.bpl.org/calendar and via www.bostonphil.org/education/interpretation-classes.Photo credit: Paul MarottaBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.In 1979, ninety-six enthusiastic players, professionals, students, amateurs, a dynamic, probing conductor named Benjamin Zander, and an impassion donor and amateur musician named Seymour Rothchild joined together to found the Boston Philharmonic. Today, the musicians represent the original spirited blend and account for the passion, high level of participation, and technical accomplishment for which this ensemble is celebrated. The professionals maintain the highest standard, the students keep the focus on training and education, and the gifted amateursincluding doctors, lawyers, teachers, and computer programmersremind everybody that music-making is an expression of enthusiasm and love. Now in its 39th season, the BPO continues to live out its founding vision of Passionate Music Making Without Boundaries.In September 2012, the Boston Philharmonic Youth Orchestra was formed under the auspices of the BPO. Conducted by Benjamin Zander, the BPYOs motto is Shaping Future Leaders through Music. The 120 enthusiastic and talented young musicians of the Boston Philharmonic Youth Orchestra range in age from 12 to 21. The wide range of ages affords younger members of the orchestra the chance to collaborate with older students who have already begun their professional careers. In turn, collegiate members of the group are offered the opportunity to nurture and coach the future generations.The BPYO offers a unique opportunity for young instrumentalists who want to study great orchestral repertoire in a musically dynamic and intellectually challenging community. BPYO members are asked not only to master their parts and to gain a deep understanding of the musical score but also to engage in dialogue with Mr. Zander, through weekly white sheets, where they are invited to share their thoughts on all aspects of the music and the rehearsal process. These conversations often lead to stimulating discussions on personal leadership and often initiate ongoing individual conversations with Mr. Zander through email, phone calls, and conversations at rehearsal, creating a unique mentoring relationship between Mr. Zander and each musician."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Eric Robinsonto demolish the majority of a theater buildinglocated at 420 West Broadwayin South Boston. The full address is 420 West Broadway,South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on October 10, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
GrubStreet, one of the nations leading creative writing centers, and Boston Public Library (BPL) have announced the relaunch of their neighborhood writing program, Write Down the Street. Together, the organizations will offer free creative writing workshops at BPLs Egleston Square and Mattapan branches. This fall marks the second year of the program.Participants can choose from low-commitment drop-in classes or a six-week bilingual writing workshop. Each drop-in session focuses on a unique theme, including natural disasters, immigration stories, and food.The fall term of Write Down the Street will launch on Friday, October 6 with a six-week bilingual writing workshop at the Egleston Square Branch of the Boston Public Library, followed by drop-in classes at the Mattapan Branch of the Boston Public Library, beginning Tuesday, October 17. BPLs Teen Central at the Central Library and GrubStreet will also offer free teen classes, starting with a podcasting series that begins October 3.No matter your writing experience, these workshops are a great way to do fun exercises, get inspired by other writers, and receive feedback from classmates, if you choose to share your work, says Denise Delgado, Write Down the Street instructor and GrubStreet Program Fellow.Write Down the Street workshops not only provide free writing opportunities but also create inclusive spaces for writers. Workshop readings highlight literature by international writers and authors of color. The program also provides flexibility for caretakers, allowing participants to bring their families to drop-in sessions. With funding from the Calderwood Foundation, GrubStreet and the BPL will be expanding to offer free drop-in workshops for teens in the near future.The goal of Write Down the Street is to ensure that everyone in the city who wants to participate in the literary arts has access to great instruction and community, says GrubStreets Executive Director, Eve Bridburg. We believe in creating opportunity for communities currently underrepresented in publishing. Our hope is to help a diverse range of writers get inspired, hone their work and find audiences.Boston Public Library is excited to collaborate once again with GrubStreet on the Write Down the Street program, says David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library. We had a great turnout last year at our Egleston Square and Grove Hall branches. This fall we look forward to engaging members of the Egleston Square and Mattapan writing communities, welcoming teens into the program, and we hope to expand this program to even more locations in the future.To learn more about these classes and for program updates, visit https://grubstreet.org/programs/neighborhood-classes/.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.Founded in 1997, GrubStreet has grown into the nations largest independent creative writing center. By rigorously developing voices of every type and talent and by removing barriers to entry, GrubStreet fosters the creation of meaningful stories and ensures that excellent writing remains vital and relevant. We offer over five hundred classes and events a year for writers of all genres and ambitionsfrom first-time poets or fledgling memoirists to MFA graduates and published novelists. Our flagship conference, The Muse and the Marketplace, was recently named the #1 writing conference in North America by The Writer Magazine, and attracts more than 800 attendees every year in Boston for three days of interactive sessions, meetings, and events. For more information, please visit www.grubstreet.org and http://museandthemarketplace.com.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has amended the Verizon cable television license to bring the telecommunications carrier to more neighborhoods in Boston. The amendment will double the area of the City served by Verizon Fios from 28% to 56%.We are a proud partner in expanding access to broadband choice to more Boston neighborhoods and communities, said Mayor Walsh. Providing constituents with fast and affordable broadband helps us support the ongoing efforts to spur innovation and economic opportunity in all neighborhoods.In April 2016, the City announced a partnership with Verizon to replace Bostons copper-based infrastructure with a state-of-the-art fiber-optic network that offers fast broadband speeds. Since then, Verizon has been constructing their network in their original service area of Dorchester, the Dudley Square neighborhood in Roxbury and West Roxbury.Todays amendment will expand access to Verizon Fios to include all of Jamaica Plain, Hyde Park, Mattapan, Roslindale, Roxbury, as well as parts of South Boston and the South Boston Waterfront, as part of the providers next phase of network construction and build out.This agreement brings increased competition and choice for broadband and entertainment services in Boston, said the Citys Chief of Information and Technology, Jascha Franklin-Hodge. Providing more constituents with internet options will help lower costs and make internet access affordable to more families and businesses.The amendment also expands the amount of fiber that Verizon will provide to the City of Boston to connect schools, support the delivery of City services, and enhance public safety communications systems.The license and amendment and other documents related to the licensing process are available online at boston.gov/fios.""Boston has welcomed FiOS, and the superior service, competition and choice Verizon delivers, with open arms,"" said New England Region President, Donna Cupelo. ""Since we introduced FiOS in Boston late last year weve almost doubled available data speed, and now offer our Fios Gigabit Connection service. Our teams are outside everyday transforming Bostons technology foundation.Read the amendmentRead the public report"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today the launch of the Intergenerational Homeshare Pilot, a collaboration with theElderly Commission, theMayor's Housing Innovation Lab, andnesterly, a local social enterprise working to make existing homes work better for today's households. The Intergenerational Homeshare Pilot will match households with a spare bedroom to students who are seeking an affordable place to stay during their studies, as well as an opportunity to engage with the local community.This pilot program is a goal from Mayor Walsh and the Elderly Commission'sAge-Friendly Boston Action Plan, which aims to encourage age-friendly development along with alternative housing options by exploring the creation of an Intergenerational Homeshare, matching older homeowners with extra rooms to rent with people who need to rent a room. The pilot currently has eight pairings, and will run through December to determine the impact, feasibility, and resources needed to potentially scale this initiative into a City-wide program.""Boston is home to a growing number of seniors and students. We know that many of our older residents want to stay in their homes -- but need companionship and some simple home maintenance,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By matching established adults with extra space with students who are eager to engage with their communities, we're creating an innovative housing pilot that provides more affordable options for everyone.""Seniors are the fastest-growing cohort of Boston's population, as outlined in the Walsh Administration's housing plan:Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030. In addition,AARP reportsthat nearly ninety percent of older households want to age in their homes and communities, but face challenges with social isolation, declining incomes and home maintenance.Anational reportby the Trulia housing economics research teamestimates that there are more than 3.6 million spare bedrooms in the homes of U.S. Baby Boomers in metropolitan areas that have the potential to be rented out. More than 38,000 of these rooms are located in Boston. The study also demonstrates that graduate students could potentially save up to $24,000 annually by renting a room rather than a one-bedroom apartment.With the current demographic shifts and the need to increase affordable housing, the City andnesterlyare collaborating to bring the innovative housing solution of intergenerational homesharing to the City of Boston. Demand for the program has been strong. Working in collaboration with local organizations and universities, nesterly received more than 80 applications to participate in only three weeks. nesterly then worked closely with the host and guest applicants to help them find housing opportunities that would go beyond logistical matching to create stronger community relationships. To date, eight successful matches have been made across Boston and surrounding towns through a newlydeveloped websitethat helps hosts and guests easily connect with each other and agree to a mutually beneficial exchange.""It's going great!"" said Brenda Atchison, one of the first participants in the program. ""The City and nesterly were so thoughtful, and matched me with a wonderful architecture student from Greece. I'm an empty-nester, and Phoebus brings a presence into my home that makes it feel so much more alive and full. We're cooking dinner together I'm showing him Roxbury's beautiful architecture. Not only am I learning from him, but I also like being able to feel as though I'm helping in another way -- his PhD program might have been a reach if he had to pay for a room alone, but now there is another alternative.""""As our population ages, we need creative housing solutions that will support older adults' wellbeing and engagement in their communities, as well as help those who wish to remain in their homes to do so affordably,"" said Jennifer Molinsky, Senior Research Associate at the Joint Center for Housing Studies at Harvard University. ""The model for Intergenerational homesharing that nesterly and the City are putting forward has the potential to help people afford to stay in their homes while also forging new social connections that will enrich their lives-as well as their communities.""The City and nesterly will continue to evaluate the pilot over the coming months to determine the program's success and to assess potential ways to expand it. In the meantime, residents can sign up up to host or rent atwww.nesterly.iotoday.nesterly is an award-winning social enterprise founded by recent MIT graduates Noelle Marcus and Rachel Goor. Their model offers a unique approach to solving the housing affordability crisis by capitalizing on the millions of empty spare bedrooms across the country. nesterly's digital community connects households who have spare space with young people willing to exchange help around the house for lower rent. They were named an Idea to Change the World in 2017 by MIT's IDEAS Global Challenge, and have been featured in The Atlantic, Forbes, and NPR's Marketplace. To learn more or join the community, visitwww.nesterly.io, or contact them directly at info@nesterly.net.We want to create an environment where older adults can continue to lead healthy, independent and productive lives in Boston.We're challenging the City's public agencies, businesses, cultural, educational, and religious institutions, and community groups to consider how they can change policy and practices to enhance the quality of life for our residents.The Mayor'sHousing Innovation Lab was facilitated by a collaboration between the Department of Neighborhood Development and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM). The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics serves as Mayor Walsh's civic innovation group. A City agency that was formed in 2010, New Urban Mechanics pilots experiments that offer the potential to improve the quality of life for Boston residents. The Housing Innovation Lab focuses their work on reducing the cost of housing. To learn more about MONUM, follow the office onTwitteror visit theirwebsite. To learn more about the Housing Innovation Lab, follow the office onTwitteror visit theirwebsite."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Justin Sterritt as the City of Boston's Budget Director, serving in the Office of Budget Management. Sterritt brings over six years of experience in government finance, administration, and policy to his new role.""Justin brings a wealth of knowledge and experience in managing government finance, and he has a strong track record of balancing complex budgets,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am excited to have him on board to lead our Budget Office, and continue building on Boston's smart, responsible and sustainable fiscal strategy.""Prior to joining the Walsh Administration, Sterritt spent the past three years with the Massachusetts House Committee on Ways and Means, most recently as Budget Director. As Budget Director, Sterritt oversaw the analysis, development and execution of the House of Representatives' annual State operating budget. Sterritt directed a staff that reviewed, analyzed, and recommended funding for $40 billion in state spending and revenue.Before joining House Ways and Means, Sterritt served three years in policy and finance roles for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. At the Executive Office for Administration and Finance (A&F), the state agency charged with managing the Commonwealth's finances, Sterritt was responsible for the fiscal and policy recommendations of the Early Education, K-12, Local Aid and Higher Education systems. Prior to A&F, Sterritt served in the Executive Office of Housing and Economic Development on state and local infrastructure projects, and public financing for economic development initiatives throughout the Commonwealth.""I am thrilled to be joining the Walsh Administration and the tremendous budget team that's in place,"" said Sterritt. ""It is an honor to be a part of an Administration with a proven track record for bold new ideas, innovation in government, and fiscal responsibility. I look forward to working with Mayor Walsh to serve the residents of the City and ensure Boston remains a world class, thriving city.""Sterritt holds Bachelor of Arts degrees in International Business and Management and French from Dickinson College in Carlisle, PA. He currently resides in Jamaica Plain with his fiancee, Sarah.Under the leadership of Mayor Walsh, the City of Boston achieved its fourth consecutive year of AAA bond ratings, the highest possible credit rating a city can receive. In February 2017, Moody's Investor Services said that ""Boston's AAA reflects the city's strong fiscal management and stable financial position as well as the large and growing tax base,"" while S&P Global Ratings said that they viewed ""Boston's management environment as very strong."" For more information on the City of Boston's budget, please visitbudget.boston.gov."
Take the Lead, the Beantown Jazz Festival, the Roslindale Day Parade and the Massachusetts March for life will impact traffic and parking in Boston from Thursday, September 28, through Sunday, October 1, 2017. Those attending the events are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.Thursday, September 28The Take the Lead event will take place prior to the Boston Red Sox home game scheduled to begin at 7:10 PM. Van Ness Street will be closed to traffic between Ipswich Street and Yawkey Way throughout the day.Tow Zone No Stopping Thursday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Saturday, September 30, 2017The Beantown Jazz Festival will take place in Roxbury. From 6 AM to 7 PM Columbus Avenue will be closed to traffic between Massachusetts Avenue and Burke Street and Northampton Street, Camden Street, Douglass Park, Davenport Street and Benton Street will be closed to traffic between Tremont Street and Columbus Avenue.Tow Zone No Stopping Friday and Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Sunday, October 1, 2017The Roslindale Day Parade will begin at 1 PM on Washington Street. Assembly will take place on Washington Street, between Firth and Archdale Streets. Marchers will turn right onto South Street, left onto Belgrade Avenue, right onto West Roxbury Parkway, to Msgr. Finn Circle, right onto Centre Street, right onto South Street, ending at Walter Street. Streets are expected to be closed to traffic from approximately 11:30 AM to 4 PM. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Massachusetts March for Life will step off from the Boston Common at the intersection of Charles and Beacon Streets at 2:00 PM. Up to 1,000 marchers will turn left onto Beacon Street, left onto Arlington Street, left onto Boylston Street, left onto Charles Street, and re-enter the Boston Common at Boylston Street. The event is expected to be completed by 4:30 PM. Beacon Street, between Charles and Arlington Streets Arlington Street, between Beacon and Boylston Streets and Boylston Street, between Arlington and Charles Streets, will be closed to traffic from approximately 2 PM to 5 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 12 Noon to 5 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
Each week has a theme. The themefor Week One (October 2-6) is Simple Steps to Online Safety.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Doug Meduetzto demolish the single family residential buildinglocated at 75 Sydney Street in Dorchester. The full address is 75 Sydney Street, Dorchester MA, 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on October 6, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Public Librarys October author talks and lectures feature a range of authors and topics, including public art, libraries and the digital age, health policy, Bostons immigration history, southern food & civil rights, and more:The South Boston Historical Society presents an author talk with Jim Lynch, who discusses the lives of three generations making a living on Bostons waterfront in his novel The Longshoremen: Life on the Waterfront on Monday, October 2, at 6:30 p.m. at the South Boston Branch, located at 646 East Broadway.Margaret Newell, author and vice chair of the History Department at Ohio State University, explores the stories of Indians enslaved by English colonists in New England and shows how they influenced New England society in crucial ways, including by exposing their captors to Native religion, foods, and technology and fighting for citizenship in cases that had implications for all enslaved peoples in 18th-century America. Wednesday, October 4, at 6 p.m. in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.The Boston University Center for the Humanities forum Recording Lives: Libraries and Archives in the Digital Age features Robert Darnton, Carl H. Pforzheimer University Professor, Emeritus & University Librarian, Emeritus, Harvard University on Thursday, October 5, at 5:30 p.m. in Rabb Hall at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.Westy Egmont and Alvaro Lima unpack the stories behind the maps in the Leventhal Map Centers exhibition, Who We Are: Boston Immigration Then and Now. Lima examines how transnationalism pushes the boundaries of traditional nation-state rules for citizenship, political rights, and migration, and Egmont discusses how diversity can foster a pluralistic world view and secure communities. After the talk, audience members will be invited to re-examine Who We Are. Thursday, October 5, at 6 p.m. in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.Dan Logan speaks about his first book The Dance Dragon, in which he overcomes his fear of dancing and puts forth the effort to learn on Thursday, October 5, at 6:30 p.m. at the West End Branch, located at 151 Cambridge Street.Pediatrician Dr. Laura Gold reads from The Silenced Child, which describes the importance of listening in parent/child and doctor/patient relationships on Tuesday, October 10, at 6:30 p.m. at the South End Branch, located at 685 Tremont Street. Part of the South End Writes series.In The Health of Newcomers, Wendy E. Parmet and Patricia Illingworth draw on rigorous legal and ethical arguments and empirical studies, as well as personal stories of immigrant struggles, to make the compelling case that global phenomena such as poverty, the medical brain drain, organ tourism, and climate change ought to inform the health policy we craft for newcomers and natives alike. Thursday, October 12, at 6 p.m. in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.Kevin Devlin discusses The Southie Pact, which describes the damage that drugs do to ordinary people and to their community on Saturday, October 14,at 11 a.m. at the South Boston Branch, located at 646 East Broadway.Claire McMillan, author of The Necklace, and Denise Kiernan, author of The Last Castle: The Epic Story of Love, Loss, and American Royalty in the Nations Largest Home speak about their respective books on Saturday, October 14, at 12:30 p.m. in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.Nancy Schn, best-known for her iconic Make Way for Ducklings sculpture in Bostons Public Garden, explores her major public projects and commissions, what inspired them, and what goes into making a beautiful and tactile work of public art in Make Way for Nancy on Thursday, October 19, at 6 p.m. in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street. Schn will be interviewed by Anita Diamant, author of The Red Tent and The Boston Girl.Frederick Douglass Opie, author of Southern Food and Civil Rights: Feeding the Revolution shares the ways southern food nourished the fight for freedom going back ages along with cherished recipes associated with the era. Monday, October 23, at 6 p.m. in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.Lisa Berenson, director of Educational Programming and Development at the Jewish Cemetery Association of Massachusetts, discusses an ambitious initiative to transform and restore a former Jewish mortuary chapel in East Boston into a state-of-the-art exhibit hall on the history of immigration in the Boston area. Wednesday, October 25, at 6 p.m. in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.Erica Ferencik details The River at Night, set against the harsh beauty of the Maine wilderness, which charts the journey of four friends as they fight to survive the aftermath of a white water rafting accident on Thursday, October 26, at 6 p.m. in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
We've been staying in close contact with officials in Puerto Rico as we figure out the best way Boston can help. Please refer to the following brochure fora list of available resources:Resources for Puerto RicoResources for Puerto Rico (Spanish)Housing help informationHousing Help Information (Spanish)
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the winners of the third annual Fay Chandler Emerging Artist Awards. The awards were celebrated during a recent artist reception for the Fay Chandler Emerging Art Exhibition in City Hall.""The Fay Chandler Emerging Art Exhibition and Awards allows us to recognize and showcase artists who live and create in Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Their work inspires us, recognizing that artists can emerge from every walk of life, no matter what background or age. I encourage everyone to come visit the City Hall galleries and view their incredible creations.""The winners include:Myron Belfast, Best in Show AwardA Dorchester resident, Belfast was born in Trinidad and grew up in Cambridge. Belfast is a self-taught artist, who learned by watching the movements and techniques of other artists. Working primarily in charcoal, his work can be described as contemporary art-deco. Myron will be having a solo exhibition in the 5th floor Mayor's Gallery at City HallJanuary 23 - February 28, 2018.Keith Maddy, Over the Age of 50 AwardA resident of the Back Bay, Maddy is a mixed-media artist working exclusively with cut paper and collage, using the medium as a form of drawing, painting and even poetry/story telling. Maddy meticulously hand-cuts source material from works such as vintage children's books, selected for specific colors, line quality, paper and content. Mark Tortorella, New to Making Art AwardTortorella is a self-taught artist who lives in the South End with his wife and two children. Two years ago, after a successful career in finance, Tortorella decided to follow a lifelong passion for creating art and began working as a professional artist. Tortorella works primarily in oil paints, on both board and canvas in the Tromp L'oeil style.Fay Chandler was a Boston philanthropist and advocate for the arts. As an artist who started her career later in life, she serves as the inspiration for this exhibition and to artists of all ages. The awards are funded by a generous donation from the Galilean Fund in Fay Chandler's memory.The show comprises 48 works by artists who were selected by a distinguished jury from an open call that drew 140 applicants.In addition to a cash prize, each winner will also be granted a one-year complimentary membership in the Fort Point Artists Community and will be granted an Artist Certification by the City of Boston.Organized by the Mayor's Office ofArts and Culture, the Fay Chandler Emerging Artist Exhibition features fresh, original and contemporary works of art created by Boston artists. The art will be displayed at Boston City Hall in the Scollay Square Gallery throughSeptember 29, 2017."
Whether it was printed or digital material, departments across the City usually did their own thing. Colors, fonts, and overall presentation of information was dictated by the departments themselves. While we loved the creativity coming from different departments, the inconsistency across the City created some confusion. It was difficult for residents to tell what was actual official material from the City of Boston, and what wasnt.With the redesign of Boston.gov in 2016, we saw a great opportunity to overhaul the Citys entire brand. We dive into the style decisions behind this new brand in a separate blog post, but in short, we went with a brand that was bold and recognizable.The result? Its been a hit with departments across the City. Each department has started using the brand in their digital and print materials. Together, weve helped create one, cohesive identity for the City. Whether its a social media graphic or a billboard near Fenway Park, our goal is that you know right away that its the City.Recently, we held a Help for Houston Drive for those affected by Hurricane Harvey. We had a tight timeline to hold the drive. Getting the word out to Boston and beyond had to be quick and efficient.Within just a few hours, we were able to create online graphics and physical posters that were blasted out to the public. We shared these through multiple social media accounts and across the City, and every graphic and poster stayed consistent to our brand.Even when the need for certain supplies changed, we were able to easily update the content of our graphics and stick to the brand. We didnt have to debate color schemes and font decisions. All we had to worry about was getting the right information out.Having one distinct brand also meant that when you saw one of our Help for Houston graphics or posters, you knew that information was coming from the City. We hope that instant recognition also helped people react quickly to our drive effort.We couldnt have asked for a better result from our Help for Houston work. Throughout the week, donations poured in. Volunteers filled 10 trucks carrying 250 tons of supplies and donations. It was an incredible feat that wouldnt have been possible without the help of the public. So, thank you!This was a busy time. Coordinating so many moving parts in a drive like Help for Houston can be hectic,and Emergency Management had a lot on their plate spearheading the effort.But, by staying true to the City of Bostons brand, we were able to make sure all of those moving parts were connected. We wanted to give you, Bostons residents, the confidence to know you were donating to a worthy cause. The Citys brand helped us accomplish that goal.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh signed yesterday a memorandum of collaboration between the City of Boston, City of Copenhagen and City of Cambridge to help advance each citys climate goals. The agreement establishes a framework for collaboration to develop and share innovative solutions for sustainable and resilient cities.We know that in order to meet the challenges of climate change, its all about local action and international collaboration, said Mayor Walsh. Were eager to continue these solution-oriented conversations with our neighbors in Cambridge and partners in Copenhagen.Mayor Walsh joined Cambridge City Manager Louis A. DePasquale and Mayor Morten Kabell of Copenhagen yesterday for a discussion on their cities climate goals and for the official signing in Boston City Halls Eagle Room. Watch an excerpt of the remarks and signing here.Cities have a great task ahead of them, said Morten Kabell, Copenhagen's Mayor of Technical and Environmental Affairs. They need to be at the forefront of the green transition and they need to work together to create the innovative solutions in order to both dramatically reduce emissions and increase the resilience of the cities. We are really looking forward to collaborating with Boston and Cambridge on this. They are among the leading cities on the climate agenda in the United States, and we hope that we together can take a great leap forward to more sustainable cities.We look forward to collaborating with the City of Boston and the City of Copenhagen to combat climate change, said Cambridge City Manager Louis A. DePasquale. In addition to furthering Cambridges goal to achieve carbon neutrality by mid-century, the exchange of ideas, best practices, and innovative strategies will enable us to promote environmental sustainability on a local and international level.Bostons Green Ribbon Commission hosted today representatives of all three cities for presentations and discussions about the new agreement. The forum shared information and experience in managing urban climate change with participants. For more information on the discussion today, read here.""Working with Copenhagen and Cambridge will increase Boston's ability to change, adapt, and react to the new pressures of climate change in an urban environment,"" said John Cleveland, Executive Director of the Boston Green Ribbon Commission. ""Last year, the Green Ribbon Commission took a group of 25 Boston leaders on a Climate Innovations Study Tour that included two days in Copenhagen. The in-person experience was worth a thousand webinars -- we learned an enormous amount from the leaders of a city that has taken serious action on things like radical automobile reduction in the city center and large-scale green infrastructure development to mitigate destructive amounts of water from cloudbursts. Continuing in that vein, we look forward to a highly interactive exchange of ideas and project development opportunities over the three years of the Collaboration with our colleagues from Cambridge and Copenhagen.""Mayor Walsh announced earlier this week at the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce that Boston will host a climate summit next year for U.S. cities and cities across the world. Next year's summit is an opportunity to expand the role of cities and drive action beyond the Paris Agreement. The tri-city agreement and earlier announcement support a forward-thinking approach that ensures a more resilient city for future generations as outlined in Bostons long term plan, Imagine Boston 2030. For more on the announcement and to readthe full remarks, read here."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received fourcomplete applications from Bob Ravewith Charter Foods North LLC.to demolish the three separate structures at 530 American Legion Highway, 327 Walk Hill Street, and 30 Bridge Street located on three different parcels (1806578000, 1806577000, 1806580000). The address for these applications is 540 American Legion Highway,Roslindale, MA 02131.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on September 29, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services today announced the launch of the PAIR Initiative (Personal Advancement for Individuals in Recovery), a seed grant program that will consist of grants to individuals in recovery for personal wraparound services needed to maintain and continue recovery. The PAIR Initiative is a partnership between the City of Boston, Warren and Doris Buffett's Letters Foundation, and the Gavin Foundation, and is the first program of its kind in the United States.The Letters Foundation will be answering requests from individuals in recovery at the Gavin Foundation to support their housing, educational and workforce development goals. The Letters Foundation has committed $100,000 to this pilot, and will give approved funds directly to the vendor or program on behalf of the participant. This initiative is designed for low-income or unstably housed individuals in early recovery, many of whom will be reentering the community from correctional facilities.""It's hard to maintain your recovery if you don't have a roof over your head, a meaningful job, or opportunities for personal advancement,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The PAIR initiative will allow us to better support people in recovery as they get their feet on the ground. Those in recovery are taking their lives one day at a time -- but we need to ensure they have access to critical services like rent, education and training. Together with our partners, and this new program, we will continue our work to end addiction in our City.""While Massachusetts has a robust substance use treatment system, many individuals struggle to maintain their recovery due to economic instability or a lack of meaningful advancement opportunities. The 2016 US Surgeon General's report, Facing Addiction in America, emphasizes the importance of individuals in substance use recovery developing ""Recovery Capital"" - which includes ""housing, education, employment, and social resources"" - as a central piece of maintaining their recovery. The PAIR initiative will build this Recovery Capital for those entering the recovery community.Participants will be referred and comprehensively supported by the Gavin Foundation's full continuum of treatment and recovery support services, ranging from acute services (detox) to sober housing, with additional support provided by the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services. Gavin case management staff will refer individuals, who have demonstrated a consistent commitment to their recovery, to the PAIR Initiative after creating an individualized action plan for each participant. Applicants will then write a personalized letter explaining their specific hardship and request seed grant funding for a specific housing, workforce, or education goal that will alleviate their stated hardship.Upon reviewing the materials, Letters will evaluate Gavin's referrals and fund approved requests on the applicant's behalf directly (i.e. assisting an individual with their rent by paying the landlord directly directly purchasing a textbook for a college or training course). Timelines and grant amounts will vary dependent on the individual's needs and goals. Gavin staff will support the grant recipient throughout this process and help ensure that they are responsibly meeting their individualized action plan.   The Mayor's Office of Recovery Services will provide additional support, including:""Doris Buffett has always invested in individuals motivated to get back on their feet, and offered support when there was nowhere else to turn,"" said Leah Hong, Associate Director of Community Impact of the Letters Foundation. ""We are proud to partner with the Gavin Foundation and Mayor's Office of Recovery Services to support these individuals, and believe these small, but transformative grants will allow participants to move forward in their lives with dignity.""""Gavin Foundation is grateful to the Mayor Office of Recovery Services for coordinating this project and the Letters Foundation for initiating PAIR,"" said John McGahan, President and CEO of the Gavin Foundation. ""This project will reduce obstacles that can lead to relapse, recidivism and despair.The PAIR initiative will provide critical wrap around services such as housing assistance, educational and employment support that complement treatment and assist in taking our clients from darkness to dignity.""About the Mayor's Office of Recovery ServicesTheMayor's Office of Recovery Services(ORS), created by Mayor Walsh in 2015, is the first municipal recovery office in the United States. The office utilizes a highly localized, collaborative approach to actively address substance use and addiction in Boston's neighborhoods. Working in tandem with all City of Boston departments, ORS builds unique partnerships with State & Federal entities, local service providers, and the recovery community to coordinate citywide recovery strategies.About the Letters FoundationThe Letters Foundation is a foundation of last resort that provides humanitarian grants to people experiencing a crisis through no fault of their own and for whom no other options exist. These one-time grants provide a hand-up to individuals as they work to stabilize their lives. Established by siblings Warren and Doris Buffett, the Letters Foundation reads and replies to letters from individuals living within the United States. Letters aims to honor the dignity of every person who writes to the Foundation and collaborates with grantees to assist in overcoming the barriers currently preventing them from moving forward in their lives. Doris' lifelong commitment to individuals, and her kind but practical approach to problem solving inform all areas of grant making.About the Gavin FoundationThe Gavin Foundation is a nonprofit agency providing comprehensive adult, youth and community substance abuse education, prevention and treatment programs. Established in South Boston in 1963, we now serve over 5,000 individuals each year from Massachusetts and beyond. The Gavin Foundation offers a continuum of care to individuals, support services to their families, and programs to increase community awareness and acceptance regarding addiction and recovery."
The Boston Transportation Department is hosting a Jamaica Plain Community Planning Workshop on Saturday, September 23, at 10 AM at the Connolly Branch Library located at 30 South Street, Jamaica Plain, to discuss the upcoming expansion of Bostons public bike share system. A second workshop will be held on Thursday, November 9, at 6 PM, at the BCYF Curtis Hall Community Center located at 6 Cummins Highway. Residents are encouraged to attend the workshops and help BTD to determine potential locations for new bike share stations in their neighborhood.Over the next two years, more than seventy new bike share stations will be added in neighborhoods throughout Boston. New stations will be installed beginning in the summer of 2018. This expansion is one of the projects and policies established by Go Boston 2030, the City of Bostons comprehensive, long term transportation plan. Go Boston 2030 complements Imagine Boston 2030, Bostons citywide plan to guide long-term growth.The Hubway bike share system is a healthy, affordable and environmentally friendly mode of transportation, said BTD Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. We are delighted to have this opportunity to expand the existing service and provide more people with the chance to take advantage of public bike share in Bostons neighborhoods. We look forward to hearing residents suggestions for the best potential locations for bike share stations in the City.A total of 28 workshops have been scheduled between September 9 and November 16. The full meeting schedule can be found at boston.gov/bike-share-expansion in the 2017 Expansion Planning Workshop Schedule section. Although each workshop will focus on the neighborhood where the meeting is held, materials will be available to discuss all neighborhoods that are under consideration for expansion. Residents who are unavailable to attend a scheduled workshop in their own neighborhood are urged to join any of the others that are convenient for them.About Hubway: The Hubway system is regional public transportation by bike, owned by the municipalities of Boston, Brookline, Cambridge and Somerville. System wide, there are more than 180 stations offering 1,600 bikes to more than 15,000 members. Since launching in July 2011, users have taken 5.3 million trips. Find out more about the Hubway system at www.thehubway.com.
The Boston Transportation Department is hosting a Roslindale Community Planning Workshop tonight at 6 PM at the BCYF Menino Community Center located at 125 Brookway Road, Roslindale, to discuss the upcoming expansion of Bostons public bike share system. A second workshop will be held on Thursday, October 26, at 6 PM, at the Roslindale Community Center located at 6 Cummins Highway. Residents are encouraged to attend the workshops and help BTD to determine potential locations for new bike share stations in their neighborhood.Over the next two years, more than seventy new bike share stations will be added in neighborhoods throughout Boston. New stations will be installed beginning in the summer of 2018. This expansion is one of the projects and policies established by Go Boston 2030, the City of Bostons comprehensive, long term transportation plan. Go Boston 2030 complements Imagine Boston 2030, Bostons citywide plan to guide long-term growth.The Hubway bike share system is a healthy, affordable and environmentally friendly mode of transportation, said BTD Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. We are delighted to have this opportunity to expand the existing service and provide more people with the chance to take advantage of public bike share in Bostons neighborhoods. We look forward to hearing residents suggestions for the best potential locations for bike share stations in the City.A total of 28 workshops have been scheduled between September 9 and November 16. The full meeting schedule can be found at boston.gov/bike-share-expansion in the 2017 Expansion Planning Workshop Schedule section. Although each workshop will focus on the neighborhood where the meeting is held, materials will be available to discuss all neighborhoods that are under consideration for expansion. Residents who are unavailable to attend a scheduled workshop in their own neighborhood are urged to join any of the others that are convenient for them.About Hubway: The Hubway system is regional public transportation by bike, owned by the municipalities of Boston, Brookline, Cambridge and Somerville. System wide, there are more than 180 stations offering 1,600 bikes to more than 15,000 members. Since launching in July 2011, users have taken 5.3 million trips. Find out more about the Hubway system at www.thehubway.com.
Martin J. Walsh, Mayor of the City of Boston and Issuing Authority for cable television licenses (City or Issuing Authority), hereby provides notice of a proposed amendment (Amendment) to the December 5, 2016 Cable Television License (Final License) between the City and Verizon New England, Inc. (Verizon). The Amendment will:We are receiving public comment on both documents until 5 p.m. close of business on Friday, September 22, 2017.Offer public comments
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today addressed the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce, sharing his vision and progress in making Boston a more equitable, inclusive and resilient city. From opening career pathways for public school students, to fighting to make the public transportation system more accessible in every community, to providing more training for Boston's diverse workforce, Mayor Walsh reaffirmed his commitment to shared growth and inclusivity by working toward a ""Boston for everyone,"" and discussed his efforts to bring opportunity to every resident in every neighborhood.""The Veterans CARE project will provide our veterans with new tools to help them succeed in the workforce and it will further strengthen our relationship with the City of Boston,"" said Vincent Ng, Director, VA Boston Healthcare System. ""This Pay for Success project is about supporting veterans with PTSD to help them achieve their goals for competitive employment.""""Providing frequent, reliable and equitable public transportation service for Mattapan, Dorchester and Hyde Park is key to ensuring the economic health of residents of these neighborhoods,"" said Dara Frederick, Hyde Park resident and Business Employment Specialist at the Fairmount Indigo CDC Collaborative. ""It is important that we continue to work with the City of Boston to improve Fairmount Line service to guarantee that residents of these neighborhoods are afforded access to jobs located throughout the City. We look forward to bringing quality transit services into these communities and offering residents a mobility option that will help them to achieve their professional goals.""""After two years of careful research and planning, the Trustees stand ready as a strategic partner with the City of Boston, to implement the Mayor's vision of equitable open space and climate resiliency along Fort Point Channel for all Bostonians,"" said Barbara Erickson, President and CEO of The Trustees of Reservations. ""Our 126 years of land management experience along with our ability to generate community support makes the Trustees uniquely able to help see this vision become a reality.""""Growing up in Boston, I was always aware of MLK's history here, and I have been inspired by his messages of love and social justice,"" said English. ""I want to bring to Boston a world-class memorial to MLK to celebrate his teachings as well as to look at the work we all still have to do today to get to his promised land.""""I believe that we need a local memorial to celebrate Reverend Martin Luther King, Jr.""We are thrilled that the Boston Public Schools, Boston's Catholic Schools, and Boston's Charter Schools have all agreed upon a definition of College, Career and Life Readiness,"" said Kristin McSwain, Executive Director of the Boston Opportunity Agenda. ""Having done so, we can collaboratively focus on providing young people with the learning opportunities that they need, both inside and outside of the classroom, to develop the skills that are necessary to fully participate in Boston's economy.""""Too many students believe they cannot afford higher education. Tuition-free community college shows a path forward,"" says Taneka DeGrace, the Director of RoxMapp at Madison Park Technical Vocational High School. ""This plan says: The limiting factor in your potential is not a bill, only your will to succeed.""""Students often ask me how to get a job with the City after high school,"" commented Dan Cuddy, a longtime PIC career specialist at Brighton High School. ""Mayor Walsh's new initiative will provide an answer to that question without forcing them to choose between the job they need to support themselves after high school and the college education they need to advance their careers over time.""""It's going great!"" said Brenda Atchison, one of the first participants in the program. ""The City andnesterlywere so thoughtful, and matched me with a wonderful architecture student from Greece. I'm an empty-nester, and Phoebus brings a presence into my home that makes it feel so much more alive and full. We're cooking dinner together I'm showing him Roxbury's beautiful architecture. Not only am I learning from him, but I also like being able to feel as though I'm helping in another way -- his PhD. program might have been a reach if he had to pay an exorbitant fee for housing, but now there is another alternative.""view the Mayor's prepared remarks"
The Jimmy Fund Walk, the Allston Brighton Parade, and other special events taking place on Saturday, September 23, and Sunday, September 24, will impact traffic and parking in the City of Boston. Those attending the events are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.Jimmy Fund WalkThe Annual Jimmy Fund Walk to benefit the Dana Farber Cancer Institute will take place on Sunday, September 24. Dartmouth Street in the Back Bay, between Blagden and Boylston Streets, will be closed to traffic from 5 AM to 8 PM. In addition, traffic delays should be expected along the following two routes that marchers will follow in the City of Boston.Tow Zone Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Allston Brighton Parade, Brian J. Honan 5K Run/Walk,Allston Village Street FairThe Allston Brighton Parade and related events will take place on Sunday, September 24. Brighton Avenue, Brighton, between Linden Street and #161 Brighton Avenue, will be closed to traffic from 12 Noon to 4 PM for the Allston Brighton Parade and the Brian J. Honan 5K Run/Walk. Harvard Avenue, Allston, between Cambridge Street and Brighton Avenue, will be closed to traffic from 6 AM to 8 PM for the Allston Village Street Fair.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event parking restrictions will be in effect as follows for these events.Other Events/Saturday, September 23The Walk for Sickle Cell Disease will begin at 10 AM. An estimated 250 marchers will proceed from the Shattuck Picnic Area in Franklin Park to Circuit Drive, right onto Blue Hill Avenue, right onto American Legion Highway, right onto Morton Street, entering Franklin Park at Morton Street at the pathway leading to Scarboro Pond, back to the Shattuck Picnic Area. Traffic will be delayed briefly as marchers proceed along the route.The Phantom Gourmet Food Festival will be held on Lansdowne Street. Lansdowne Street, between Brookline Avenue and Ipswich Street, will be closed to traffic from 3 AM to 7:30 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday and Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Lets Talk About Food will take place in Copley Square. Dartmouth Street, between Blagden and Boylston Streets, will be closed to traffic from approximately 5 AM to 8 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Boylston Street, Copley Square side, Dartmouth Street to opposite #551, including all muti-space metered parking spacesSonias 5K Run/Walk  Building on a Dream will be held in West Roxbury. A childrens 100 yard dash will begin at 8:30 AM and the Run/Walk will start at 9 AM. An estimated 250 participants will proceed from Emmonsdale Road, right onto Linnet Street, left onto Bellevue Street, right onto March Avenue, right onto Park Street, left onto Clement Avenue, continue onto the inner roadway of the West Roxbury Parkway, onto Bellevue Hill Road, right onto Bellevue Street, right onto Robin Street, left onto Park Street, right onto Saville Street, left onto Safford Street, left onto Anawan Street, left onto Park Street, right onto Oriole Street, left onto Wren Street, right onto Martin Street, right onto Emmonsdale Street, ending at St. George Church. Minimal traffic disruptions are anticipated.Other Events/Sunday, September 24The Taste of Downtown Crossing will take place from Noon to 4 PM. Avenue de Lafayette will be closed to traffic from approximately 4 AM to 8 PM. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The WBLB Street Party will be held on Lansdowne Street on Sunday, September 24. Lansdowne Street, between Brookline Avenue and Ipswich Street, will be closed to traffic from 6 AM to 11 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday and Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
Thank you, Miceal [Chamberlain], thank you Jim [Rooney]. Its a pleasure to be here with the Chamber for the fourth year in a row. Its been an exciting four years, not only for myself, but all my partners in government. Id especially like to thank the members of the Boston City Council who are here. Its been truly gratifying to work with all the people of Boston in one of the most extraordinary periods of our citys history.Were doing something right, because people want to live here. Weve added about 30,000 new residents. Weve responded to a historic housing shortage by getting 22,000 homes into construction, including 8,700 for low and moderate income families. The Boston Public Schools graduation rate is at an all-time high. And weve earned perfect, AAA bond ratings four years in a row, the first time its been done in the Citys history.Business has thrived. Companies are growing, startups have bloomed, and new employers have flocked here. Most recently, Im pleased to welcome PTC and Alexion Pharmaceuticals  and a combined 1,400 new jobs to the South Boston Waterfront. In all, weve built 12 million square feet of new commercial space. Weve added more than 60,000 new jobs. And we cut the annual unemployment rate from 6.1 percent in 2013 to 3.4 percent last year.I want to thank every employer in our city for your role in Boston's success. And I want to share some new data. The year before I took office, unemployment in Dorchester, Roxbury, and Mattapan was in double digits. By last year, it was down to below 6 percent. More people are working in every neighborhood, and thats something our city can be proud of.Thats good news, but its not the full story. Income inequality is a national challenge, so we won't solve it by ourselves. But we can show the way forward. We can fight to be a Boston for everyone: a city where every child gets the start they need, every worker can find good job opportunities, every business can get a fair shake, and every neighborhood can enjoy the great quality of life we love about our city.A Boston for everyone is the right thing to do  and its also the smart thing to do, to keep our economy strong. In Boston weve proven that leading with our values gets results.We believe in education. Its the reason for our talented workforce, for our leadership in science and medicine, and for our policies like free community college We believe in the environment  a clean harbor, a greenway, and a goal we set this year to be carbon neutral by 2050. These things take our quality of life to a new level.We believe in equal rights. I fought for marriage equality in the Legislature because it was the right thing to do. But that stand also brought untold talent and goodwill to our economy.Were a welcoming, global city. 28% of us are foreign-born and nearly 50% are first-generation, like me. I will always stand with our immigrants.Were a city that knows strong labor rights make more productive workers and more confident consumers. Thats what built our middle class.And were a city that believes when women succeed, we all succeed. Weve led the nation in promoting pay equity and womens leadership. By the way, she couldn't be here today, but I want to congratulate Marianne Harrison, the new CEO of John Hancock and the first woman to hold that important role.We believe in a Boston for everyone. Its the reason for our success. And its the goal we heard loud and clear from residents, as we drafted Imagine Boston 2030, our first citywide plan in over half a century. The people of Boston gave us a mandate for inclusive growth  a Boston for everyone. Im going to talk this morning about how we are building that Boston today, tomorrow, and over the next 4 years.I want to start with climate change. Weve been ranked the most energy-efficient city in America over the last 4 years. And we led the charge to defend the Paris agreement when the White House turned its back.Our reasons are clear. We saw the devastation in Houston. We saw the scenes from Florida. We know it could happen here. We have a duty to protect our city today, and for future generations. That means we must take action locally and work together globally.This morning, I can announce two new steps. First, we will begin creating a landmark new green space on Bostons waterfront  a series of connected parks at Fort Point Channel, designed to protect us from storm surge and sea level rise. These parks will protect not only Fort Point, but also downtown, Chinatown, and South Boston. They will foster new possibilities for growth from South Station to Widett Circle. They will be a new jewel in our park system, accessible by public transit in a Boston for everyone. I want to thank the Trustees of Reservations for their research. And I look forward to working with the community and all our nonprofit partners on a more resilient city and a more welcoming waterfront.Climate change is not an issue that a city can solve by itself. But our leadership can be far-reaching. So I can announce that next summer, Boston will host an international Climate Summit for cities across America and around the world. Were not only going to make our city stronger. Were going to rally our nation and our world to meet this fundamental challenge.I want to talk next about housing. If you are an employer, its the biggest challenge to talent recruitment  and talent retention  that you face. Weve worked every day to help meet that challenge. Our Housing Plan set an unprecedented target of 53,000 new homes in our city by the year 2030. We put in place a more transparent development process city investments and city land for affordable housing a stronger Inclusionary Development Policy new college dorms and new senior housing. With 22,000 new units, Im proud to say we are well ahead of pace to meet our housing goal. And those units are having the right effect. They helped stabilize rents in existing homes.Weve got bold plans to keep the momentum going. In the years ahead, we will create new affordable housing using the Community Preservation Act. We will turn the proceeds from the Winthrop Square Garage into hundreds of new low-income units in South Boston, East Boston, and Chinatown. In addition, we will rebuild our biggest public housing developments into mixed-income communities that protect and upgrade thousands of low-income units in Jamaica Plain, Charlestown, and South Boston.I can also announce two new supports for residents. We will increase the amount we provide to qualified first-time home buyers through the Boston Home Center, to reflect increased home prices. And for our seniors, we are piloting a Homeshare Network that safely matches senior homeowners with graduate students. Seniors get help with home maintenance, and students get discounted rent.We dont do this work alone. We have committed and creative partners in the nonprofit and private sectors. I want to thank Related Beal for their work on The Beverly. Its the first all-affordable building for the middle class in downtown Boston. And I invite every developer to join us, in creating more homes at price points that work for more families.To help us in that work, I will push for passage of the bipartisan bill, already introduced in the United States Senate, that would expand the Low Income Housing Tax Credit. It will empower American communities to meet our housing needs.Getting from good homes to good jobs takes good transportation. Its fundamental to economic growth. But getting to work in Boston can be a challenge. Im sure you agree.Weve taken steps to relieve congestion and increase safety. Weve installed more efficient parking meters, lowered the default speed limit, improved signal timing, and we are revitalizing crosswalks and lane markings.Were going to keep improving Bostons streets. But the heart of the solution has to be public transportation. Boston contributes $85 million annually to the MBTA, more than all other cities and towns combined. Thats in addition to what our residents and employers pay in fares.I have two proposals to help move us forward. The first is a pilot for increased train frequency on the Fairmount Line. One-fifth of Bostons population lives along its nine-mile route. 83% are black or Latino. They deserve better service. And from an economic perspective, they are an under-utilized workforce in our city that we need to activate. The City is investing in neighborhoods along the line, such as Uphams Corner. But we need the states partnership to improve service.I want to thank the governor and the MBTA for investing in repairs and moving forward plans to upgrade cars on the red line and orange line. Thats going to help. But at this point, it seems like were stuck between stations. So my second point is that must we get past this privatization issue, bring real resources to the table, and move the MBTA forward.I understand there is a plan for 2040. Long-term planning is important. The City is doing plenty of it ourselves. But were working to attract global employers to our 21st-century city right now. Boston cant wait 23 years. Roxbury, Mattapan, and Hyde Park cant wait. The businesses in this room cant wait. Its not just about Bostons needs. Growing our statewide economy depends on 21st-century transit in the urban core.Im proud of the success that the students, teachers, principals, and staff in our schools are achieving. We have more students learning in high-quality pre-kindergarten more Level 1 and Level 2 schools more students graduating from high school and more going to college and completing college, than ever before. But we cant declare victory until every child gets the opportunities and supports they need  not just to graduate, but to be ready to thrive as workers, innovators, and lifelong learners in a changing world.Thats why this fall, with our partners at the Boston Opportunity Agenda and Success Boston, we are launching a citywide College, Career, and Life Readiness Framework. Were calling on every public school, charter school, and private school to move toward a common definition of readiness and a robust set of supports to help students achieve it. Together well create a promise to students, colleges, and employers that every high school degree is a real stepping stone to the next level.Im asking employers to play your part by helping to connect learning in our schools to the careers of today and tomorrow. For example, this February vacation we will partner with Red Hat software to pilot a STEM careers boot camp for students at the Dearborn 6-12 STEM Academy. It will qualify them for summer jobs at tech firms, footholds on the careers of tomorrow.The truth is, we cant start early enough, when it comes to closing opportunity gaps. Thats why weve increased access to high-quality pre-kindergarten seats by 25% in 4 years. Its a proven equalizer. But to achieve full equity, we need help. And we have a clear and achievable solution. Tourism taxes collected in Boston create an annual surplus in the Convention Center Fund. Our bill would direct those funds to create universal high quality pre-kindergarten for the children of Boston. I ask my former colleagues in the state legislature to make this a priority. Boston set the standard for quality in pre-kindergarten. We should work together to set the standard for access as well.Education is the foundation. But the fight against inequality  and the job of strengthening our workforce  must reach far beyond our classrooms. A new report shows that if national trends continue, median wealth for black and Latino families in America will fall to zero dollars by the middle of this century. That's a stunning statistic  and its a wake-up call for the future of our economy.It's why we have focused so much of our policy work on economic mobility. Were providing the supports that workers and their families need to overcome barriers and get ahead: free college savings accounts and free community college summer jobs for teens and apprenticeships for adults financial coaching and small business support.This fall, well launch an Economic Mobility Lab to improve these supports and get them to more of the people who need them, when they need them. Well add new programs, like job training for veterans recovering from PTSD and career pathways from Boston Public high schools into city agencies. And Im pleased to announce we are expanding eligibility for our free community college program.Instead of just talking about inequality, were creating solutions  real solutions, for real people. People like Jasmine Vigo. A few years ago, Jasmine got out of an abusive relationship. That takes a lot of courage. But she found herself facing another challenge. She was a single mom, making $12 an hour in a part-time job. You can do the math. Then she heard about Project Hope. Its a job-training nonprofit on Dudley Street that helps women meet challenges just like hers. They made sure she had the transportation and the child care she needed. Jasmine said it was like having a whole new family. After graduating, she got a job handling insurance claims  full-time, at over $18 an hour, with benefits, a retirement plan, and weekends off to be with her kids. Its still tough to make ends meet for her family. But she has gained a career path and she has gained hope.Thats a great story. Its about a resilient, hardworking Boston mother, and the unsung heroes at our nonprofits. Its also a story of Bostons growth. Jasmines slot at Project Hope was funded by the Neighborhood Jobs Trust, using revenue that comes from development fees. Its one of the many benefits of new investment in our city. As Boston has grown, linkage revenue has grown with it, by over 50% in the last four years.We are putting these resources to better use than ever before. We now collect, measure, and maximize the impact of every dollar. In three years, weve directed nearly $11 million to train over 2,600 low-income residents for careers in high-growth sectors. Most got a job right away, with a living wage and a career path.I want to thank everyone in this room who has contributed to this growth. And I want to thank the dedicated women and men who fight to bring opportunity to every corner of our city, including Jasmine Vigo, Sister Margaret Leonard, who is the founder of Project Hope and Trinh Nguyen, our Director of Workforce Development. These remarkable women are here with us, please give them a hand.Growth does create new opportunity in our city. And we can spread these opportunities to everyone. But we cant do it alone. We need the private sector as our partner in this worknot just to grow the pie, but to get more people a seat at the table. So I invite employers to work with us to hire more residents of Bostons neighborhoods. We are growing the pathways that workers need to be strong candidates. We need more employers willing to extend these pathways into more workplaces. We want to repeat Jasmines story many times over, because a strong economy depends on a secure workforce. Its the right thing to do, and its the smart thing to do.I am committed to helping every business that wants to start here, grow here, or move here. Thats why Boston will be submitting a proposal to be Amazons East Coast home. My team has studied this opportunity closely. We see a company ready to invest $5 billion. We see a company looking to grow 50,000 good jobs. And we see a company using technology to change the world.We are the city that is ready to shape that change and meet this challenge: with our talented workforce, with our culture of innovation, and with our bold housing plan. Our bid will reflect the values that drive our success. Thats the city we invite Amazon and every employer to be a part of.Four years of speaking at the Chamber have taught me something. When I ask for help here, I know we will get results. I called for more creative building designs, and developers stepped up. I asked for help re-imagining the Adopt-a-School program  and we did, with InvestBPS bringing more companies into our schools than ever. Early on, I asked you to join our Youth Summer Jobs program  and we grew it by 18%, adding 576 new private-sector jobs, thanks to many of the employers in this room. You are changing young peoples lives. A year ago, I challenged you to help our city get serious about uprooting systemic racism. I want to thank the Chamber for supporting our citywide dialogue on race. And I want to thank the Chamber, along with Eastern Bank, for leading a movement to grow opportunities for businesses owned by people of color.Were proving at a time of national division that we can work together and move our city forward. But theres much more work left to do, to build this Boston for everyone. I want to close by sharing a powerful way we can recommit to our highest values.As the 50th anniversary of his death approaches, I can announce that Boston is finally going to build a fitting memorial to Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. in the city he once called his second home. We will work with philanthropist Paul English, the African-American community, and the people of Boston. Together we will identify a design, and a site, that honor this towering figure of history  and that never lets us forget his call to racial equality and economic justice.During his time in Boston, Dr. King embodied the best of our values. He completed his education here. He built community here, and met his wife Coretta. He served the people here, at Twelfth Baptist Church in Roxbury. Pastor Arthur Gerald from Twelfth Baptist is here with us. His congregation will be at the heart of the project.When Dr. King returned to Boston in 1965, he stood on the Parkman Bandstand on Boston Common and said: The vision of the New Boston must extend into Roxbury. ... Boston must be a testing ground for the ideals of freedom. Dr. Kings challenge is as real today as it was then. So we will honor his legacy with a memorial, and we will honor his legacy by living his values, by fighting inequality, by sharing opportunity, by building a Boston for everyone. Thank you. God Bless You. God Bless the City of Boston.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Kenneth McDonoughto demolish the single family residencelocated at 2-4 Elm Street in Dorchester. The full address is 2-4 Elm Street, Dorchester, MA 02122We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September28, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
We encourage patrons and visitors to participate in our Hispanic Heritage Month celebrations through exploring recent titles in Boston Public Librarys annual curated booklist and attending a free festive event that honors Hispanic culture and tradition, said Boston Public Library President David Leonard.Each book on the list is briefly summarized by a committee of Boston Public library staff members. In addition to print books, select titles are available as an e-book, audiobook, or in Spanish as well as English. Copies of the booklist are available at all Boston Public Library locations across the city and online.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
This weekend, well celebrate the successful conclusion of the second year of the program, where 10 artists were placed in residence at a Boston Centers for Youth & Families community center in neighborhoods around the city.. These artists, representing various art disciplines, have been working towards finding creative ways to approach problem solving, elevating the importance of the arts and contributing to the cultural fabric of the city. The 10 artists and their projects include:Through Boston AIR, artists are supported as agents of reflection, collaboration, and activism, whether through process-oriented practice, direct community engagement, or as leaders of system-wide change projects. Its part of the vision of Boston Creates, the Citys Cultural Plan and it reflects the Mayors commitment to making Boston a municipal arts leader. On Saturday, September 16 from 4 pm  7 pm, well celebrate the work of the 2017 Boston AIR Artists at a celebration at the Emerson Media Art Gallery. Please join us for a video screening and an artist panel to recognize the collective work of the artists and their BCYF centers. RSVP athttp://bostonair2.eventbrite.com/We look forward to seeing you there!
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Michael Fordeto demolish the one story commercial buildinglocated at 317 Belgrade Avenue in Roslindale. The full address is 317 Belgrade Avenue, Roslindale MA 02131We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 25, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Inrecognition of Recovery Month, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today hosted the second Fighting Addiction in the Hub (FAITH) conference. More than 300 participants, including first responders, local officials and members of the recovery community, attended today's conference to discuss substance use in Boston and learn more about the best practices and tools to combat the opioid epidemic.""It takes local officials, first responders and members of the recovery community to work together to implement solutions that will make a real difference, especially for those battling addiction,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""In Boston, partnerships with first responders and recovery professionals have been successful in engaging people in treatment. We will continue to make sure first responders are trained to give out information, respond to overdoses, carry life-saving naloxone and are equipped to refer people in need of services.""The conference was organized by the Boston Fire Department as part of a series of events in September sponsored by the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services that seeks to combat social stigma around addictions, celebrate recovery and promote overall awareness of recovery services.""For frontline agencies like the Boston Fire Department, events like this are needed so we can identify and break down barriers that inhibit recovery and impede the pathway to a fuller life,"" said Boston Fire Department Commissioner Joseph E. Finn.Dr. Haner Hernndez gave the keynote address, sharing his experiences of working for over 20 years in developing, implementing and evaluating culturally and linguistically competent youth and connecting them with adult health prevention, intervention, treatment and aftercare programs. As a person in long-term recovery himself, Dr. Hernndez is committed to eliminating health disparities that hinder access to treatment.""For me, recoveryfrom substance use disordersis not an individual act or journey. I have learned that recovery is about engaging individuals, families, systems, and entire communities,"" said Dr. Hernndez. ""Therefore, it is the power of the collective that creates the opportunities, systems and supportive environments which support the multiple pathways of recovery. In my life, as a person in long-term recovery, this has been true and lifesaving.""Other speakers included Chief of Boston EMS James Hooley, Judge John E. McDonald and Special Agent in Charge of the DEA Michael J. Ferguson, who were joined in attendance by the Commissioner of the Massachusetts Department of Public Health Monica Bharel, State Senator John F. Keenan, Director of the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services Jennifer Tracey, and Boston Fire Commissioner Joseph E. Finn.In addition toFriday'sFAITH conference, other events duringRecovery Monthinclude:"
Don't know your ward and precinct, or have any questions or concerns? Please contact the Election Department at 617-635-VOTE (8683) or election@boston.gov. You can also find more information on the Election Department website.Maverick Landing31 Liverpool Street, East BostonParis Street Community Center112 Paris Street, East Boston (Gymnasium)Maverick Landing31 Liverpool Street, East BostonParis Street Community Center112 Paris Street, East Boston (Gymnasium)Knights of Columbus41 North Margin, North EndCasa Maria Apartments130 Endicott Street, Boston (Community Room)
Women interested in learning how to ride a bike, or those who already cycle but want to sharpen their skills, will have an opportunity to do so in South Boston and Roxbury this month. The Boston Transportation Department is hosting classes geared to teaching basic bike riding skills to beginners, as well as more advanced street skills clinics to those who already know the fundamentals of bike riding. The neighborhood clinics are free of charge and all City of Boston residents are encouraged to attend.Pre-registration for the South Boston and Roxbury clinics is required at www.boston.gov/women-bike. Clinics are held outside and will be cancelled in the event of severe weather. The schedule for the clinics is as follows.A Beginner/Basic Skills clinic scheduled for Saturday, September 16, 10AM-12PM, at the BCYF Condon Community Center in South Boston is already full.Over the next two years the City of Boston will be adding another 70 bike share stations, expanding our already significant program to new neighborhoods in the City and increasing bike share opportunities in neighborhoods with existing programs, said Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Taking this major expansion into consideration, now is a perfect time for more of our residents to learn to bike ride safely and confidently. The clinics are free and we offer bike share membership at a discounted rate to low-income Boston residents. This ensures that all residents have access to a bike, whether they choose to ride for health, recreation or transportation purposes.In keeping with Go Boston 2030, the City of Bostons long term, comprehensive transportation plan, BTD and our partner agencies are working to provide a variety of safe, equitable and reliable options for residents and others to move around Boston, said Gina N. Fiandaca, Commissioner of the Boston Transportation Department. In addition to offering off-street bike riding options, such as the East Boston Greenway that extends the entire length of the neighborhood from Maverick Square to Orient Heights, we continue to improve our bicycle infrastructure both Downtown and in the Citys neighborhoods.To participate in the clinics, pre-registration is required on the program website at www.boston.gov/women-bike . Space is limited and early registration is strongly encouraged. Registrants are asked to bring their own bikes and helmets, or may request to borrow equipment from BTD through the registration process.Beginner/Basic Skills clinics are intended for those who never learned to ride or need to brush up on basic skills. Street Skills clinics are intended for those who have basic skills, such as, starting, stopping and turning, but want to build their confidence to ride on Bostons streets. People attending a preceding Basic Skills Clinic are not required to register separately for the Intro to Street Riding Clinics. Clinics are open to all residents of Boston who identify as women.The clinics aresupported in part by Lets Get Healthy, Boston!, a partnership of the Boston Public Health Commission and the Boston Alliance for Community Health to make it easier for residents to make healthy choices in physical activity. This three year initiative is funded by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Preventions Partnerships to Improve Community Health grant, and is working to reduce the prevalence of obesity, tobacco use and exposure, heart disease, stroke and diabetes.About Go Boston 2030: Go Boston 2030 is the City of Bostons long term mobility plan. It envisions a city in a region where all residents have better and more equitable travel choices, where efficient transportation networks foster economic opportunity, and where steps have been taken to prepare for climate change. Whether traveling by transit, on foot, on a bike, or by car, people will be able to access all parts of Boston safely and reliably. A list of projects and policies have been developed that are being implemented as early action projects in the near term, and a set of long-term projects and policies are intended to be implemented over the next 15 years.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Jacob Simmons with Kronick Fatigue Llc.to demolish the three-family residencelocated at 32 Cummins Highway. The full address is 32 Cummins Highway, Roslindale, MA 02131We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 25, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston is releasing $13 million for new affordable housing projects to support the goals set forth in the Administration's housing plan,Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030. TheDepartment of Neighborhood Development (DND)has now issuedtwo Requests for Proposals (RFPs)for new affordable housing development and/or the preservation of existing affordable housing units. ""Addressing rising housing costs is critical for preserving the diversity and character that makes Boston a place where all residents can thrive,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We've seen remarkable growth in our population over the last several years, so we established a comprehensive plan, and committed over $110 million to housing. I'm proud to say we're well on our way to meeting our goals, and we will continue to work hard to lift up every neighborhood across the city by stabilizing the housing market and providing all residents and their families with accessible and affordable options.""The first RFP issued, for approximately $8 million, comes from a variety of sources including the FederalHOME Investment Partnerships Program, Community Development Block Grant,Housing Boston 2030, and the Inclusionary Development Fund. The RFP specifically earmarks up to $3 million for funding to support housing that will serve households 55 years or older. The second RFP utilizes funds from the Neighborhood Housing Trust (NHT). NHT disburses funds collected through the City's Linkage policy, which extracts affordable housing funds from developers of large commercial projects. All rental units that receive City funding will have restrictions on them to preserve their affordability in perpetuity, while all homeownership units created will be subject to an affordable housing agreement that requires them to remain affordable for at least 30 years, with a 20-year extension at the City's option. In addition, developments with more than ten units must set aside a minimum of ten percent of those units for homeless or formerly homeless households. Developments with five or more homeless units must submit a detailed service plan to support this population. The set-aside applies to both new production and preservation proposals. Along with the homeless set-aside, DND strongly encourages developments to have an additional percentage of units for households with incomes at or below 50 percent AMI. DND has participated in the Commonwealth's working group to reduce development costs, and as a result of this work, the City has adopted streamlined and simplified design standards and guidelines to assist developers with cost containment. When a proposal is submitted to DND, the developer must demonstrate that a planning effort with the neighborhood and community has begun and that there is substantive support from neighborhood organizations and stakeholders. Based on the goals outlined in Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030, the City of Boston has established funding priorities. Proposals are expected to fall under at least one of the priority criteria:Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030 set out goals to increase the pace of low-income housing production by 50 percent -- from 234 units annually from 2011-2014 to 347 units annually, and to create a total of 6,500 new low-income units by 2030. To date, a total of 1,286 new low-income, non-elderly units have been completed, housing an estimated 2,250 lower-income residents. The City currently has a pipeline of 1,128 new non-elderly low income units, many of which will be bolstered by the current round of funding. By the year 2030, Boston will reach more than 700,000 residents, a number the City has not seen since the 1950s.Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030is the Walsh Administration's comprehensive housing plan to reach 53,000 new units of housing at a variety of income levels across the City.Imagine Boston 2030is building on Housing a Changing City by identifying areas where continued growth can occur and where additional growth beyond the 53,000-unit target can take place. This growth will create a release valve for existing neighborhoods that are seeing pressure on housing prices. Other initiatives include: working to increase the overall housing supply, deploying tools to support the preservation of affordable housing citywide, putting forth an anti-displacement package that will create and preserve affordable housing, and preventing eviction, link housing and transportation and supporting homeownership. For more information included in the plan, please visitimagine.boston.gov."
Hub on Wheels and other special events taking place on Saturday, September 16, and Sunday, September 17, will impact traffic and parking in the City of Boston. Those attending the events are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.Saturday and Sunday, September 16 and 17, 2017Hub on Wheels related events will take place on City Hall Plaza on both Saturday, September 16, and Sunday, September 17. The Hub on Wheels bike ride through Boston will take place on Sunday only, beginning at 8 AM on Congress Street behind Boston City Hall. For detailed information regarding Hub on Wheels, including planned bike ride routes and a car free Storrow Drive, please see http://tdhubonwheels.com/ .On Saturday, September 16, traffic delays should be expected from 11:30 AM to 12:30 PM near City Hall Plaza on Cambridge, Sudbury, Congress, State and Court Streets, for a Hub on Wheels related event.On Sunday, September 17, the following City of Boston streets will be closed to traffic from 7 AM to 9 AM.Tow Zone No Stopping, Boston Police Special Event, Saturday and Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping, Boston Police Special Event, Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping, Boston Police Special Event, Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Saturday, September 16, 2017The South Boston Street FestivalTow Zone No Stopping Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Uphams Corner Street FestivalStoughton Street, between Columbia Road and Pleasant Street, will be closed to traffic from 9 AM to 5 PMTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 8 AM to 5 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The ABCD All Bright Community Center Grand OpeningSunday, September 17, 2017The Boston Local Food FestivalThe South Street Diner Customer Appreciation Day
Mayor Walsh, local funders, Massachusetts Legal Assistance Corporation (MLAC) and the Massachusetts Law Reform Institute (MLRI) today announced the Greater Boston Immigrant Defense Fund, a public-private partnership and funding collaborative that seeks to strengthen the Greater Boston area's capacity to protect and defend its many immigrant communities, refugees, and temporary status holders by increasing education and access to legal services. Subsequently, MLAC released aRequest for Proposals (RFP)calling for nonprofit organizations in the Boston area to enhance legal service capacity, strengthen community education and outreach, and build network infrastructure with the over $1 million dollars already pledged from local funders to carry out the mission of the Defense Fund.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Commission on Affairs of the Elderly, and City Fresh Foods today hosted the 13th annual Senior Party in the Park at Malcolm X Park in Roxbury.""Party in the Park is an annual celebration that brings together hundreds of Boston's older residents for a day of fun,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This event showcases the value and vibrancy of Boston's diverse communities, and is a great way to close out the summer together.""For the past 13 years, the City of Boston's Elderly Commission and City Fresh Foods have partnered together provide an end-of-summer party to 800 older adults in Boston.Sheldon Lloyd, CEO City Fresh Foods, said, ""We are honored to partner with the City of Boston to provide the senior community with an eventful day of dance, music and great food.""Initially started as a small picnic, the event has gained popularity and is now the City's second largest annual event for seniors.""I've been coming to these events for 18 years,"" said Julia Martin, 88, of Jamaica Plain. ""My group and I benefit a lot from them. It gets us out of our buildings.""For others in the crowd, this was the first time attending. ""My friends come every year,"" said Charles Britt of Mattapan. ""Curiosity brought me here today.""The event event featured a brief speaking program, lunch provided by City Fresh Foods, and entertainment byAthene Wilson and Band.""I've been coming to this event for at least 10 years,"" said Aliki Edwards, Director of Admissions and Marketing of the Sheehan Health Group. ""Events like this let people know about services and quality of care right here in the community.""The Commission on Affairs of the Elderly facilitates full and equal participation in all aspects of life by older adults in Boston. The commission is dedicated to improving the lives of Boston's older adults by connecting them with resources and information, and it is focused on setting the City's direction for successful aging in Boston. Read the newly launched Age-Friendly Action Plan atwww.boston.gov/age-friendly, and visitwww.boston.govfor more information.City Fresh Foods is on a mission to make our community healthier by delivering fresh, wholesome meals to organizations throughout the Boston area, by educating and advocating for more nutritious food choices, and by building sustainable careers for their dedicated staff and local growers. It's their own not-so-secret recipe-and it really works.Learn more about who they are and whatthey do atwww.cityfresh.com."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined local community members in East Boston to celebrate the grand reopening of Bertulli Park in Central Square, following an $8 million investment in the comprehensive redesign and reconstruction of the park. The project completion marks a significant milestone achievement forGo Boston 2030, Boston's comprehensive transportation planning effort, which identified Central Square as a high priority area for streetscape improvements to increase safety and accessibility.""I am thrilled to see such an amazing transformation here in Bertulli Park,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Concrete has been replaced with a beautiful, green parkland and a host of other amenities that welcomes East Boston residents to visit, relax and enjoy Central Square. I thank all of our partners in the East Boston community who worked side by side with the City of Boston to make this renovated park a reality.""The park now welcomes people with 97 new trees and related green infrastructure, updated pavement, new LED lighting and seating, and new bicycle facilities. Streets surrounding the park have been redefined to ensure safe and consistent roadway conditions.Additional new features include:""Restoring the basic beauty of the park, enhancing it with contemporary elements, and using current techniques to prioritize safe access between the park and the surrounding area, will ensure that Central Square continues to be a popular destination point for the East Boston community for years to come,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca.""The top project to emerge out of the Go Boston 2030 citywide transportation plan was Walk and Bike Friendly Main Streets Districts, with Central Square featured as a prominent example,"" said Chris Osgood, Chief of Streets. ""The new design transforms the area from a sea of asphalt to a walkable, green, and safe environment.""""We're so grateful to Mayor Walsh for again investing in the East Boston community. The newly completed Central Square project is a beautiful example of work being done to benefit the community,"" said Max Gruner, Executive Director of East Boston Main Streets. ""I am so excited to see the space activated and used by East Boston residents, and I am certain that this project will increase foot traffic to benefit small, local businesses in Central Square.""During the design process, the Charles River Watershed Association and the Boston Water Sewer Commission (BWSC) worked with a Neighborhood of Affordable Housing youth team to study how Central Square could include green infrastructure to help manage stormwater and improve climate resiliency. The Boston Water and Sewer Commission then partnered with the City of Boston's Parks and Recreation, Transportation, and Public Works Departments to include green infrastructure elements, and the Bertulli Park reconstruction became a BWSC stormwater demonstration project. BWSC worked to make the design mimic nature, wherein the ground soaks up precipitation countering the effects of typical urban development with hard impermeable surfaces, which can lead to polluted stormwater runoff. Central Square was redesigned using porous asphalt and concrete which, along with permeable pavers, allow for normal traffic flow and parking while providing a pathway for stormwater to reach the ground beneath.""Boston Water and Sewer Commission has an unwavering commitment to keep our waterways clean, and we are honored to be a part of Mayor Walsh's vision for a more sustainable Boston,"" said Henry Vitale, Executive Director of BWSC. ""Green infrastructure in Central Square will improve the quality of stormwater entering nearby Boston Harbor, while creating a beautiful streetscape that East Boston residents will no doubt enjoy.""At a press conference held in Central Square in April 2017, Mayor Walsh presented his $2.08 billion proposed Fiscal Year 2018 - Fiscal Year 2022 (FY18-FY22) Capital Plan, which makes critical investments in the City's infrastructure in every Boston neighborhood, guided by Boston's citywide plan,Imagine Boston 2030. Mayor Walsh's FY18-22 Capital Plan, drawing on City, state and federal sources, will invest $709 million over the next five years in implementing the core initiatives outlined in Go Boston 2030: streets that are safer for all users of our roads and sidewalks, particularly pedestrians and cyclists travel that is more reliable and predictable and quality transportation choices that improve access to interconnect our neighborhoods for all modes of travel.""It's good to see this project in such a public place where people can see it and learn from it. Boston needs lots more projects like this, especially with sea level rise and heavier rain storms increasing our flood risk,"" said Kate Bowditch from Charles River Watershed Association (CRWA), one of the organizations that helped with community outreach as well as design components of the project. ""One of the best parts of this whole process was working with the Chelsea Creek youth leadership crew from NOAH (the East Boston Neighborhood of Affordable Housing). They really got excited by these ideas, learned a lot, and were tremendous advocates, making presentations to the community, and to the project team and city departments. They deserve a lot of credit for making this a reality.""""The new design is a lot more pedestrian friendly and orderly,"" said Philip Giffee, Executive Director of NOAH. ""I especially like that there are more trees and a new permeable stormwater system that will help keep them watered. I am proud that the NOAH environmental youth crew was so involved in giving feedback on these important issues that led to an attractive, revitalized public space for people in East Boston.""The City of Boston would also like to recognize WalkBoston for their assistance and contributions to this important project.With this project,Imagine Boston 2030is building on Go Boston 2030 by tying together investments in the open space, and environmental sustainability to create a vibrant public space that can be enjoyed by all. Imagine Boston 2030 is committed to expanding green-infrastructure and other nature-based systems to improve Boston's ability to manage stormwater, reduce runoff to improve water quality and mitigate the urban heat-island effect.Go Boston 2030 is the City of Boston's long term mobility plan. It envisions a city in a region where all residents have better and more equitable travel choices, where efficient transportation networks foster economic opportunity, and where steps have been taken to prepare for climate change. Whether traveling by transit, on foot, on a bike, or by car, people will be able to access all parts of Boston safely and reliably. A list of projects and policies have been developed that are being implemented as early action projects in the near term, and a set of long-term projects and policies are intended to be implemented over the next 15 years."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from John Sambucci with City Point Center, LLCto demolish three existingbuildingslocated at 1120, 1126, 1130R and 1132 Washington Street. The full address is1120, 1126, 1130R and 1132 Washington Street, DorchesterMA 02124.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 22, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launched new online affordable housing tools and an information guide to increase residents' access to income-targeted and subsidized housing, a deliverable ofBoston'sHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030plan.""We know creating and maintaining affordable housing in Boston is crucial for our residents. It's critical every Bostonian who needs affordable housing knows where to look for it, how to apply for it, and use the City's resources to help them through the process,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I appreciate the work the Department of Neighborhood Development, the Office of Fair Housing and Equity, and the Boston Planning and Development Agency have done to streamline our processes and information to make housing more accessible to those that need it.""Residents can now finda complete guide to affordable housingon the City's website. This new guide helps residents understand the different types of affordable housing available in Boston, including vouchers, income-restricted rentals, single-room occupancy units and affordable homeownership opportunities. It lays out in simple terms how Bostonians can apply for income-restricted housing, and explains what residents need to prepare to qualify for and apply for different types of housing units. It also consolidates various available housing search tools, including those from outside partners. The new affordable housing guide complements the City's revampedMetrolist, which is the City's resource for available affordable housing opportunities. TheDepartment of Neighborhood Development's Innovation and Technology unit collaborated closely with the City'sOffice of Fair Housing and Equityto bring Metrolist online, resulting in a database that users can subscribe to receive emails about property listings, lotteries and services, and search for affordable housing opportunities in Boston and the surrounding metro area. In addition, landlords, property owners, and property managers can now easily post their affordable housing listings with the City these listings will then be distributed to Metrolist subscribers. Residents in search of housing options are encouraged to subscribe to Metrolist.In addition, the City of Boston has also standardized and brought online its applications for affordable housing through a collaborative process including DND, BPDA, Fair Housing, DoIT, the Housing Innovation Lab and the Boston Housing Authority. In the past, applications were only available on paper and needed to be both picked up and delivered by hand. Moving the application online is expected to significantly increase the ease with which residents can apply for affordable housing opportunities and will expand the number of people who apply for these units. ""As a realtor that helps people find affordable homes in the city, I've seen firsthand how bringing the affordable housing application online has improved access to those that need it,"" said John Costello, a housing specialist at Maloney Properties. ""Since applicants no longer need to wait for a paper application to arrive by mail or to make time to visit the post office, we've seen the number of applications nearly triple. I want to commend the City of Boston for streamlining this process and their dedication to making Boston a more affordable place to call home.""The City has also standardized and expanded the types of documentation that are acceptable to establish Boston residency. In the past, each agency responsible for the creation of affordable housing set its own standards for proving residency. In addition, under the new standards, Boston residents who fill out the City'sannual resident censuswill now be able to use the census as proof of residency when applying for affordable housing. This is a significant step that allows residents who might have been otherwise unable to prove their residency -- homeless families in shelter outside Boston and those ineligible to vote, for example -- to establish residency for affordable housing opportunities.With this project, Imagine Boston 2030 is building on Housing a Changing City by increasing access to affordable housing resources and information. Other initiatives of the plan include: working to increase the overall housing supply, deploying tools to support the preservation of affordable housing citywide, putting forth an anti-displacement package that will create and preserve affordable housing, and preventing eviction, link housing and transportation and supportinghomeownership.For more information included in the plan, please visitimagine.boston.gov.###"
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF,) is currently enrolling youth participants, age 6-17, for the annual BCYF Citywide Swim League.Every year, over 300 young swimmers participate in the BCYF Swim League. In addition to improving swimming skills, participants make new friends and enjoy visits to other BCYF swimming pools in Boston for meets. The league is a developmental league and serves as an introduction to competitive swimming so experience on a swim team is not necessary. Participants will be tested to make sure they are able to swim one length of the pool. The regular season meets are held once a week beginning in November. The Championship Meet will take place in March.To sign up to participate, email or call one of the contacts listed below. For more information, contact Antonio Rosario, BCYF Aquatics Manager, at Antonio.Rosario@boston.gov or 617-635-4920 ext. 2150. Team enrollment will continue through November or until each team reaches capacity.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Scott Dabneyto demolish the multi-family residencelocated at 124-126 Kenrick Street, Brighton. The full address is 124-126 Kenrick Street, Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 21, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Our hearts go out to the victims of the recent earthquake in Mexicoand those suffering because of Hurricane Irma. We want to make sure all Boston residents and visitors get the resources and help they needto find friends and relatives. We also want to make sure you turn to the appropriate governmentagencies. Learn more about your options below.We will continue to monitor the storm as it continues on course to Florida and the southeastern coast. We want to make sure every resident and visitor in Boston is safe and can find help.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment in partnership with Country 102.5FM radio today announced that Scott McCreery will headline the second annual Country in the City Concert, taking place onThursday, September 14, 2017 from 7 - 9 p.mon City Hall Plaza. The concert is free and open to all.""Last year's first Country in the City concert was an overwhelming success, and I am excited to be continuing it again this year,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I want to thank Country 102.5 and our performers lined up this year for their partnership in making this concert happen, and I look forward to making Country in the City another smashing success.""Scotty McCreery was selected as the winner of the 10th season of American Idol. He became known on the national music scene in 2011, quickly establishing himself as one of country music's new stars. The young singer/songwriter is known for his hits ""Trouble With Girls,"" ""I Love You This Big,"" and ""See YouTonight.""The concert will kick-off with an opening performance by Alec MacGillivray. MacGillivray, who has opened for Keith Urban, Sam Hunt, Florida Georgia Line, Thomas Rhett, and Dierks Bentley, headlines clubs and festivals around the country.""Country 102.5 is once again thrilled to partner with Mayor Walsh to bring country music intothe heart of city!"" said Dawn Santolucito, Marketing Director at Country 102.5.""We are truly looking forward to having Scotty McCreery live on City Hall Plaza for a free show. He is such a fan of the city of Boston, we know that this is going to be an amazing show for all those who attend.""The Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment is hosting this event in partnership with Country 102.5 FM radio."
Equifax set up a website with details of the breach. You can enroll in free identity theft protection and credit file monitoring services. You can also find out if you are among the millions of people whose data has been exposed.Equifax is reporting no evidence of unauthorized access to core consumer or commercial credit reporting databases at this time. But, when these breaches happen, it's a good time to remember how to protect yourself and stay cyber secure.
The Boston Transportation Department is hosting a South Boston Community Planning Workshop on Saturday, September 9, at 10 a.m., at the BCYF Curley Community Center located at 1663 Columbia Road, South Boston, to discuss the upcoming expansion of Bostons public bike share system. A second workshop will be held on Thursday, October 12, at 6 p.m., at the South Boston Library located at 646 E Broadway. Residents are encouraged to attend the workshops and help BTD to determine potential locations for new bike share stations in their neighborhood.Over the next two years, more than seventy new bike share stations will be added in neighborhoods throughout Boston. New stations will be installed beginning in the summer of 2018. This expansion is one of the projects and policies established by Go Boston 2030, the City of Bostons comprehensive, long term transportation plan. Go Boston 2030 complements Imagine Boston 2030, Bostons citywide plan to guide long-term growth.The Hubway bike share system is a healthy, affordable and environmentally friendly mode of transportation, said BTD Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. We are delighted to have this opportunity to expand the existing service and provide more people with the chance to take advantage of public bike share in Bostons neighborhoods. We look forward to hearing residents suggestions for the best potential locations for bike share stations in the City.A total of 28 workshops have been scheduled between September 9 and November 16. The full meeting schedule can be found at boston.gov/bike-share-expansion in the 2017 Expansion Planning Workshop Schedule section. Although each workshop will focus on the neighborhood where the meeting is held, materials will be available to discuss all neighborhoods that are under consideration for expansion. Residents who are unavailable to attend a scheduled workshop in their own neighborhood are urged to join any of the others that are convenient for them.The Hubway system is regional public transportation by bike, owned by the municipalities of Boston, Brookline, Cambridge and Somerville. System wide, there are more than 180 stations offering 1,600 bikes to more than 15,000 members. Since launching in July 2011, users have taken 5.3 million trips. Find out more about the Hubway system at www.thehubway.com.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Dean Melloto demolish the single-story retail structureat 1650 Soldiers Field Road, Brighton.The full address is 1650 Soldiers Field Road, Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 16, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Antonio and Joseph Mustoto demolish the two-family residencelocated at 35 Fulton Street in Hyde Park. The full address is 35 Fulton Street, Hyde Park, MA 02136.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 22, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
September is Suicide Prevention Awareness Month. At the City's Employee Assistance Program,we work to destigmatizemental health in the workplace and in the community. Often times, someone who is struggling does not reach out for help. This is usuallydue to shame or the stigma associated with suicide. By educatingyourself on the signs and symptoms ofmental health distress, you may be able to help a personin need.If you areexperiencing suicidal thoughts,we want you to know that you aren'talone. There are many resources available to you. Below is a list of organizationsthat contain a lot of helpful information and resources. As always, we're here to support employees and their family members. We can also refer you to the resources you need.800-273-TALK (8255) or call 9-1-1 immediatelyLearn about warning signs andrisk factors. You can also read about support for family members and caregivers.Find out about resources for suicide prevention.The Boston-area resource has a24/7 helpline (call or text 877-870-4673). They have grief support services and suicide prevention workshops.
Special events taking place on Saturday, September 9, and Sunday, September 10, will impact traffic and parking in the City of Boston. Those attending the events are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.Saturday, September 9The Road to Wellness 5K will begin at 9 AM at 41 Dimock Street, Roxbury, with approximately 700 participants.5K RACE ROUTE: Dimock St, left on Washington Street, left onto Marcella Street, right onto Centre Street, right on Centre Street @ John Eliot Square, right on Bartlett Street, right on Washington Street, left on Dale Street, right on Walnut Avenue, continue onto Humboldt Avenue, right on MLK Boulevard, left on Walnut Avenue, right on Cobden Street, right on Washington Street, left on Dimock Street, finish at 41 Dimock Street.3K WALK ROUTE: Dimock Street, left on Washington Street, right on Dale Street, right on Walnut Avenue, continue onto Humboldt Avenue, right on MLK Boulevard, left on Walnut Avenue, right on Cobden St, right on Washington Street, left on Dimock Street, finish at 41 Dimock Street.Bicyclists participating in the Boston to New York City Tour de Force will depart from Copley Square on Saturday morning and motorists should expect traffic delays in the early morning hours.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 5AM to 9AM temporary parking restrictions will be in effect at the following locations.Sunday, September 10The City of Boston will implement Open Newbury Street and will turn a portion of Newbury Street into a pedestrian-only walkway between 8:30 AM and 6:30 PM. Newbury Street, between Arlington St. Street and Massachusetts Avenue, will be car free. Cross streets will be kept open to vehicular traffic with the exception of Exeter Street, Fairfield Street and Gloucester Street.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday temporary parking restrictions will be in effect at the following locations.Vehicles that remain parked at these locations at 7:00 AM will be towed.The Emerald Society Road Race will begin at 11 AM on Belgrade Avenue, Roslindale. The race is expected to be over by 12 Noon. Drivers should expect delays. Up to 500 runners will turn right onto Walworth Street, right onto South Street, to Walter Street, right onto Bussey Street, left onto South Street, to Arnold Arboretum, returning to Bussey Street, left onto Walter Street, left onto South Street, ending near Conway Street.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday temporary parking restrictions will be in effect at the following locations.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Kathleen MacNeil with MCAF Winthrop LLCto demolish the parking garage located at 115 Federal Street (aka 115 Winthrop Square and 240 Devonshire Street) in Downtown Boston. The full address is 115 Federal Street, Boston MA 02110.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 11, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh has announced that the Boston Blooms with Daffodils beautification initiative will distribute 20,000 daffodil bulbs this fall to volunteers for planting on public ways citywide.The plantings will take place in approved locations along the Citys public ways on the weekends of October 28 and November 4. Groups with approved planting locations will be contacted by the Parks Department and given bulb pick-up instructions and dates.Individuals, civic associations, church groups, sports leagues, scout troops, open space advocates, and parks friends are just some examples of the volunteers the Parks Department seeks to help in the Boston Blooms with Daffodils effort. Last year over 100 community groups planted the bulbs distributed by the City.Anyone interested in assisting with planting can fill out a form online, which asks for contact information and identification of the public space the applicant is volunteering to plant. Groups and individuals are asked to use their own tools.Participants are also encouraged to take photos of their groups on planting days and email them to the BostonParks and Recreation Department at parkpartners@boston.gov with Boston Blooms with Daffodils in the subject line. Photos will then be available for viewing on the Parks Facebook page, the Parks Department website, and submitted to local newspapers. For more information on how to participate in Boston Blooms with Daffodils, visit the Boston Blooms with Daffodilswebsite, or call the Parks Department at 617-961-3006.
Boston Public Library's Local & Family History Lecture Series returns this month, offering information about the history of Boston and its diverse neighborhoods along with tips and guides for those beginning their own genealogical research. The complete September through December schedule can be viewed or downloaded online. The series offers a wide range of topics, from the Cocoanut Grove Fire to the history of Marshmallow Fluffs production in Massachusetts:Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today called on Boston teens to apply for the 2017-2018 Mayor's Youth Council. The Mayor's Youth Council (MYC) is a model of youth inclusion in government and civic engagement that has spurred cities across the nation, and even internationally, to examine how they include youth in local government.""I am incredibly proud of what our Mayor's Youth Council has been able to accomplish,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Young experts are working with me and members of city leadership to ensure that we are making decisions that reflect what young people in Boston need to make our city even better.""The Mayor's Youth Council is a group of 85 high school-aged youth that are committed to improving community and empowering other young people in the city. The number of youth representing neighborhoods is based upon census data that indicates where young people live. MYC reps form issue-centric subcommittees based on input from youth and Mayor Walsh's cabinet structure. In order to apply to be a neighborhood representative on the Mayor's Youth Council, you must be a Boston resident and entering grades 9-12 (or of comparable age). All applicants will sit through a group interview and must submit letters of recommendation.""My three years on the Mayor's Youth Council taught me about the workings of City Hall and city government,"" said Stephen Lafume, a Mattapan Representative on the MYC. ""It showed me how to go about making a change in the community and whom you need to work with. I discovered my power as a youth in Boston on the Mayor's Youth Council.""In the past year, members of the Mayor's Youth Council have worked on a variety of issues related to public safety, participatory budgeting, and civic engagement. The Mayor's Youth Council provided feedback to the MBTA on their 5-year plan for transportation in Massachusetts (GoBoston 2030) guided the community input process for how the City of Boston spends $1M of the City budget through ""Youth Lead the Change"" participatory budgeting and led many discussions around current issues and events.Northeastern University is a longtime sponsor of the Mayor's Youth Council. To learn more and to apply online, visit the Mayor's Youth Council website. The deadline isSaturday, September 30."
"Update: We're no longer accepting donations for the Help for Houston Drive.Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston is sponsoring a ""Help for Houston""Drive. The collection effort starts on Tuesday, August 29, and lasts through Friday, September 1, atnoon (12 p.m.).The Mayor is asking residents to contribute items to those impacted by Hurricane Harvey in Texas.""Our thoughts are with the people of Texas. So many are struggling during this challenging time. As we have done in other emergencies and which has been done for us, Boston will step up and help through the darkest hours,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I've made it clear to the Mayor of Houston that Boston is here for them. Let's come together as a city, contribute in any way we can, and show Houston that they have Boston's full support.""The City of Houston has also set up the Hurricane Harvey Relief Fund to accept tax-deductible flood-relief donations."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a series of events marking September as Recovery Month, a national observance that aims to combat social stigma around addictions, celebrate recovery, and promote overall awareness. The announcement comes one day after Mayor Walsh gathered local faith leaders for an interfaith service to commemorate International Overdose Awareness Day.""Recovery Month is a time when we highlight Boston's recovery community, those who are struggling with substance use disorders, their loved ones, and the care providers who support people on their recovery each day,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We know that addiction is a disease -- and those who are suffering need our help. This month is dedicated to all those who are working to improve their own lives and the lives of others.""In 2014, more than 11,000 people received services for substance use disorders in Boston, according to the Massachusetts Department of Public Health. In 2015, Mayor Walsh created theMayor's Office of Recovery Services, which works closely with the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC), other City of Boston departments, state and federal agencies, local service providers, and community networks to build and support recovery services throughout the City.Since then, Boston has more than doubled staff and expanded hours at the City's access to care program, created the City's first 24/7recovery support hotline through 311, and added a street outreach team in heavily impacted areas. Most recently, Mayor Walsh doubled the capacity of the Mobile Sharps Team to pick up improperly discarded hypodermic needles, and began to pilot an engagement center for individuals in need of a space to spend time during the day and get connected to the many housing and recovery services offered by the City and partners.As Chair of the National Task Force on Substance Abuse, Prevention and Recovery Services, Mayor Walsh has guided mayors around the country in innovative approaches to the national opioid epidemic. Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh presented the""Actions to Address Substance Use Disorders in America's Cities,""which provides resources, recommendations, policies, and program solutions to help mayors respond locally to the devastating impacts of the national opioid. Mayor Walsh also led a naloxone and overdose prevention training for the group of mayors.The Boston Public Health Commission, the City's health department, has provided similar overdose prevention and naloxone trainings since 2006, training more than 10,000 civilians a year in lifesaving skills. BPHC recently launched anoverdose prevention and bystander online training, which provides information about the opioid epidemic and how to recognize and respond to an opioid overdose. It also includes practical, step-by-step guidance for performing rescue breathing and administering Narcan (naloxone).In addition toThursday'sinterfaith ceremony, the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services (ORS), in partnership with multiple City departments (Boston Public Health Commission, Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, Boston Fire Department), the State's Bureau of Substance Abuse Services (BSAS), and other local organizations, announced a schedule of recovery events throughout the month of September.""The Massachusetts Organization for Addiction Recovery (MOAR) is delighted to partner with the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services and the Massachusetts Department of Public Health to celebrate Recovery Month,"" said MOAR Executive Director Maryanne Frangules. ""This is an opportunity to make our faces visible voices vocal, highlighting the value of recovery to all!""Events during Recovery Month include:Substance Use Recovery 101 Listen and Learn Brownbag Lunch SeriesCity Hall, Room 801, Thursdays in September (7, 14, 21, 28) from12 - 1 p.m.Boston Fire Department FAITH (Fighting Addiction in the Hub) ConferenceFlorian Hall,Friday, September 15, 8 a.m. - 1 p.m.2nd Annual Citywide 5k Walk for RecoveryDCR Artesani / Herter Park,Saturday, September 16, 9 a.m. - 12:30 p.m.MOAR & BSAS Recovery DayCity Hall Plaza (meet and march location) & Faneuil Hall (programming location),Wednesday, September 20, 9 a.m. - 3 p.m.September City Hall Art Galleries | Month Longo""The Opioid Project""by Annie Brewster and Nancy Marks, City Hall, 2ndFloor Mayor's Neighborhood Galleryo""When Women Succeed: The Quilted Path""by L'Merchie Frazier, City Hall, 5thFloor BalconyMore info is available atboston.gov/recoveryand ORS' Twitter@ORSBoston. All are encouraged to use the hashtag #BosRecoveryMonth throughout September."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Tim Johnsonto demolish the four-family residencelocated at 1 Leonard Place in South Boston. The full address is 1 Leonard Place, South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 10, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that theNational League of Cities has awarded a $35,000 grant to support the growth ofBoston Saves- the City of Boston's children's savings account program - as it enters the second year of its three-year pilot. The grant will fund Boston Saves' parent engagement and community partnership efforts, including financial education and wealth-building initiatives for Boston families through the Mayor's Office of Financial Empowerment. Mayor Walsh launched Boston Saves last fall to help families of Boston Public Schools (BPS) kindergartners save money for their children's college or post-secondary career training.""We are grateful to the National League of Cities for recognizing the value of Boston Saves in expanding financial opportunity for our young people and families,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Boston Saves provides families in need with concrete tools to save for their children's post-secondary future.""Boston Saves includes $50 in seed money for each kindergartner's account, financial incentives for saving, an online platform for tracking account growth, and family events and classroom activities that promote saving as a fun, community-wide effort.""Boston Saves is an exciting opportunity for families to support their children in pursuing post-secondary education,"" said Timothy Flacke, Executive Director at Commonwealth, a mission driven organization that partnered with the City of Boston to design the children savings account program. ""The continued growth and expansion of Boston Saves will allow even more families to build a solid foundation for education savings, a critical first step to financial opportunity.""""We are grateful for the Boston Saves program, which teaches students and families about the importance of financial literacy in a fun and engaging way,"" said Boston Public Schools Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""We know that when learning is fun, it resonates with students for years to come.""The National League of Cities grant will fund:The National League of Cities awarded the grant as part of itsFinancial Inclusion Systems and City Leadership (FISCL)project. Boston was one of eight cities selected to participate in the two-year project, which is designed to help cities improve residents' financial health and stability.The Boston Saves pilot began with five participating schools and will grow to 11 this fall. The program will beginexpansion to all of Boston's district and charter schools by Fall 2019.The Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD) is an innovative agency within the Boston Planning & Development Agency that seeks to ensure the full participation of all Boston residents in the city's economic vitality and future. The OWD funds and oversees programs that promote workforce development through education, jobs training, apprenticeships, financial coaching, career pathways,literacy initiatives, and the like. Please visitOWD.Boston.Govto learn more about the OWD's work.The Mayor's Office of Workforce Development is an affiliate of the Boston Planning & Development Agency."
Well continue to update this page with information as we get it. Please remember to check the signs posted on the street when you park. While this page is a good resource, the street signs will always have the most up-to-date information.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department have announced that registration is now open for the 2017 Mayors Cup Soccer Tournament. This year, the Mayors Cup Soccer Tournament will be held on the weekends of October 21 - 22 and October 28 - 29 at Moakley Park in South Boston. The Mayors Cup Soccer Tournament offers local youth soccer programs the opportunity to compete against each other for the right to be called the best soccer team in Boston. Reflecting changes implemented by US Youth Soccer, divisions are now grouped by grade and age. This years age/grade groupings are:Coaches may register their teams online. Registration is open now through Friday, October 13. For more information about the Mayors Cup Soccer Tournament, please contact Woodley Auguste at woodley.auguste@boston.gov or call 617-961-3084.
We have some tips to encourage your family members to promote online civility  and curb cyber bullying and online harassmentusing the three Es.
Author talks and lectures at all Boston Public Library locations in September:Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
MayorMartin J. Walsh today joined the Vietnamese American Initiative for Development (VietAID), Trinity Management, the Massachusetts Department of Housing and Community Development, local and state officials, and Upper Washington residents and commercial tenants to celebrate the grand opening for 35 new apartments, and 3,400 square-feet of retail space on Washington Street in Four Corners. The more than $15 million project, developed by the VietAID, created 35 affordable new units of rental housing for families earning 60 percent or less of Area Median Income. The construction project also generated more than 180 construction jobs.The Vietnamese American Initiative for Development (VietAID) was founded in 1994 by members of the Vietnamese American community in Dorchester, to provide comprehensive economic development programs and services to alleviate poverty and advance civic participation in their neighborhood. Since then, VietAID's mission and goals have broadened to focus on building strong and vibrant neighborhoods throughout Dorchester by promoting civic engagement and community building developing affordable housing and commercial space providing small business technical assistance and micro-enterprise development offering high quality child care services and after school programs and developing community youth leadership.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the newly selected Mayor's 2017- 2018 SPARK Boston Council. The diverse, 38-member group will spend the next 12 months working to continue to open up new lines of communication between young adults and leaders in City government.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Bryan Austin to demolish the two-story commercial building located at 76 Stonley Road in Jamaica Plain. The full address is 76 StonleyRoad, Jamaica Plain, MA 02130.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 25, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
The on-field winners, who were part of a pre-game ceremony Sunday afternoon, include Raymond Gonzalez  Mattapan Branch, Jamie Fulton  Uphams Corner Branch, Annika Joyce Meyer  Honan Allston Branch, and Anand Koulomzin from the Connolly Branch.Boston Public Librarys young readers submitted hundreds of thoughtful essays and capped off a summer of learning with one of Bostons most beloved summertime traditions. I am grateful to our sponsors for their generous support of this unique summer reading program that further develops reading and literacy skills during out of school time, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library.In addition to the Read Your Way to Fenway summer essay contest, youth and adults participated in summer reading programs throughout the Boston Public Library system from June through August, engaging in a variety of enriching skill-building programs.Read Your Way to Fenway is generously sponsored by John Hancock, the Red Sox Foundation, and the Boston Public Library.Photo credits: Aram Boghosian. Additional photos are available upon request.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
"Often seen wearing khakis, a bullet-lined belt, and polo shirt, Haley had a demeanor that commanded respect. With the middle name of ""York,"" his nickname dates back to when he was a young boy in South Boston, in honor of Sergeant Alvin York, a decorated World War I hero and Medal of Honor recipient. While Captain Haley proved to be a hero in his own right on April 15, 2013, it is important to pay homage to the many qualities, qualifications, and accomplishments that made him such a vital member of Boston EMS and the public safety community.After 35 years with Boston EMS, Captain Haley retired on July 31of this year. He started with the department, like all uniformed members, as an Emergency Medical Technician, working out of an ambulance. From there he was promoted to Field Supervisor and later to Captain. Although a recognized leader and person of authority, Captain Haley was, most notably, a teacher and mentor. Many remember him from his time with the Boston EMS training academy, serving as an instructor when they were first hired. After leaving this role he would continue providing lectures on various preparedness topics and was even recruited by the U.S. Department of Defense in 1998 to serve as both an instructor and advisor on mass casualty incidents. In 2003, he was a driving force behind the creation of and course material development for the departments DelValle Institute for Emergency Preparedness, which has trained tens of thousands of health care and public safety representatives. He was not only a skilled orator, but also a lifelong learner and an experienced disaster responder, lending credibility and value to the topics he covered.When Hurricane Andrew struck Florida in 1992, Captain Haley was broadly recognized for his strengths in logistics and disaster response. He served as a member of the Disaster Medical Assistance Team. When large-scale disasters struck,Sarge got a personal call from a representative at the Federal Emergency Management Agency requesting his assistance. Captain Haley later responded to St. Thomas in 1995, after Hurricane Marilyn, where, as he would recount, he arrived with no means of transportation and ""appropriated""vehicles from a local rental car lot for his team. All was sorted out later and his uncanny ability to address any logistical challenge thrown at him soon became one of his trademarks. He was called again to New York, after the September 11 attacks, and once more when Hurricane Katrina hit the Gulf Coast, leading emergency management logistics for the entire state of Mississippi. Drawing from his national and international disaster response experience, he would apply lessons learned from what he experienced to build preparedness in Boston.Most knew Captain Haley for his role as the Boston EMS Special Operations lead, a division he created, in the mid 90s, as a proactive measure to mitigate the rising need for EMS at special events, preserving coverage for the Citys neighborhoods. Just as Captain Haley worked to mitigate the resource demands planned (and unplanned) events placed on the department, he also made every effort to minimize their financial impact. He had an incredible talent for securing grant funding for resources necessary to improve disaster readiness and mass medical care capabilities. Over the years, his Special Operations division evolved into not just a special event unit, but also an emergency preparedness and disaster response resource for the department and City. After each event or disaster, whether it was the 2004 Democratic National Convention, evacuation of a long-term care facility, a Rolling Rally, a natural disaster, or a terrorist attack, Captain Haley took note and made necessary adjustments to his plan of operations. He was a ready asset for any emergency, and frequently called upon by local, state, and federal representatives for guidance.When the Boston Bombings occurred in 2013, Captain Haley had spent years shaping disaster preparedness at Boston EMS and for the Boston Marathon. As a member of the organizing and medical committees, he influenced much of the logistics and medical planning. He was always thinking about the possibility of an incident occurring during the race and guided the BAA towards implementing mass casualty incident protocols as part of standard operations. He had resources on hand for just such an event and a team working alongside him ready to respond.That said, it was his daily commitment to the community and the department that defined his career at Boston EMS. Over the years, he received numerous department citations and awards, including the Stephen M. Lawlor Award for Collaborative Practice (received twice), the Henry L. Shattuck Public Service Award, and the Revere Award for excellence and leadership in public health. He worked seven days a week throughout the summers and coordinated the medical logistics for over 500 events a year. His attention to detail made him an expert in logistics and, with his big-picture forward-thinking perspective, he was an authority on disaster preparedness.Although Boston EMS will be forever thankful for the legacy Captain Robert Haley has left, we owe the biggest debt of gratitude to his family, his greatest love, who shared him with us over the last 35 years."
Boston--Boston high school students are invited to apply to Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Youth Advisory Committee (YAC). Established in September of 2014, the BCYF Youth Advisory Committee serves as an advisory board to identify, discuss and inform BCYF leadership on youth issues and programming. The purpose of the Committee is to instill members with the knowledge, skills and confidence to work in cooperation with BCYF to best serve the needs and expectations of Bostons youth and to empower them to make positive change in their community.BCYF operates 36 facilities across Boston. The bulk of programs and activities at the community centers are youth-focused so the BCYF Youth Advisory Committee has a role in shaping what the centers offer for young people.As a BCYF YAC member, youth will:The BCYF YAC serves as a link between City government and youth by identifying issues affecting youth, addressing community concerns, and designing action plans to foster change. The YAC serves as a means for youth to have a voice in shaping the quality of life in Boston while engaging in various activities and service projects in the community. This year, YAC members volunteered with the American Red Cross Food Pantry as well as helped set up and support a variety of BCYF events including hosting a charity basketball tournament.The deadline for completed applications is Friday, September 22. The application can be found onthe Youth Advisory Committee page.
Harold Melvins Blue Notes are a charismatic Philly band whose roots date back to long before their ascent to stardom in the 1970s. Formed as Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes in Philadelphia in 1954, they traveled a long road characterized by modest success before reaching national stardom when the addition of a young drummer named Teddy Pendergrass in 1970 led to the groups leap to national prominence. The group collaborated with Leon Huff and Kenny Gamble, the same duo that worked with the distinguished soul band, the OJays, and signed with their Philadelphia International label.Melvin, Gamble, and Huff agreed Pendergrass was best suited in the role of lead singer and Harold Melvin and the Blue Notes reeled off a series of hits including If You Dont Know Me By Now and The Love I Lost, which reached No. 3 and No. 7 on the Billboard pop charts respectively. In 1975, the group was joined by female vocalist Sharon Paige and released more hits including Where Are All My Friends, Wake Up Everybody, the No. 15 Billboard pop song Bad Luck, and the No. 1 R&B single Hope That We Can Be Together Soon. Pendergrass and Melvin have both passed away but the group carries on and today consists of Donnell Gillespie, Rufus Thorn, Anthony Brooks, John Morris, and Sharon Paige.The series is presented by Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayors Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment, and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department in partnership with title sponsor Bank of America.Additional support is provided by media sponsor the Boston Herald, night sponsor AARP Massachusetts, and Polar Beverages.The concert is from 7 - 8:30 p.m. at Boston City Hall Plaza. For more information, please call 617-635-4505, visit the Parks Department online, or check us out on Facebook.
Are you a college student in Boston looking to learn more about your new City? Find out how to get involved in our campaign below.
Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) are for coworkers to connect around shared interests. These groups help the City leverage diversity and foster inclusion in the workplace. They help us create a workplace culture that values the contributions of all. Also, they provide accessible opportunities for professional development.Studies have shown that members of these groups help spark creativity and innovation. Research also finds that members are less likely to leave their jobs. They provide a space for support and a platform from which employees can advocate for change. Many organizations have had tremendous success working with Employee Resource Groups. The City of Boston wants to bring some of these benefits to our workplace.That is why the Diversity Team is very excited to pilot Employee Resource Groups at the City of Boston! We hope they will position City workers to deliver the best service to Boston's residents. Contact the Diversity Team if you have questions about our Employee Resource Groups.
Budding artists ages nine and up are invited to join the Boston Parks and Recreation Department for its popular fall series of ParkARTS Watercolor Painting Workshops during the month of September at six Boston locations. The series of free workshops is just one of the many offerings of the 21st annual ParkARTS program sponsored by Holly and David Bruce.All classes are held from 12 noon to 2 p.m. weather permitting. Dates and locations for the workshops are as follows:Saturday, September 9Blackstone Square, South EndSunday, September 10Medal of Honor Park, South BostonSaturday, September 16Horatio Harris Park, RoxburySunday, September 17LoPresti Park, East BostonSaturday, September 23Public Garden, Back BaySunday, September 24Victory Gardens, FenwayFor further information on the workshops and other ParkARTS programs, please call 617-635-4505 or visit the Parks Department online, or check out our Facebook page.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Yu Kun Ma to demolish the three-family residence and storage shed located at 92 Auckland Street Streetin Dorchester. The full address is 92 Auckland Street, Dorchester, MA 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 3, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Climate change gets up close and personal with our new educational map explorer tool -- you can now explore what the impacts of our changing climate will look in your neighborhood. Thistool allows you to learn more about the data layers used in theClimate Ready Bostonrecommendations for protecting our City from a changing climate, and helps you better understand how projections are influencing resiliency solutions.The map explorer features location-based data from Climate Ready Boston. You can overlay the climate data with population demographics in order to better understand the social factors that intersect with, and contribute to, vulnerability.The map displays the most up-to-date climate change information for Boston, and builds upon our knowledge base for keeping the data transparent, accessible, and readily updated. One of the strategies identified in the latest Climate Ready Boston report is to Maintain up-to-date projections of future climate conditions to inform adaptation, and we see this map explorer asa way to keep the conversation goingabout our findings and resiliency projects.Additionally, you can now download the data of Climate Ready Boston -- find it directly in the tool, or on the toolsBoston.gov page. It will soon be available on the Citys open data portal,Analyze Boston.You can launch the map explorer and download the Climate Ready Boston data here.The latestClimate Ready Bostonreport was released in December 2016. The report was a data-driven set of recommendations for Boston to prepare for the impacts of climate change.
"The Caribbean Carnival and Parades will take place in the City of Boston on Saturday, August 26, 2017. Street closures and parking restrictions will be in effect in the area of the celebration and traffic delays should be expected. Those attending the events are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.The Caribbean Carnival will include two parades.The Boston Police Department will begin redirecting traffic away from the Caribbean Carnival Parade route at 11 AM. Temporary ""Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event"" parking restrictions will be in effect on Saturday as follows."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Dennis Keohane with 177 West Seventh Street Realty Trust to demolish the single-story commercial structure at 1173 Adams Street in Dorchester. The full address is 1173 Adams Street, Dorchester, MA 02124.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 31, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Anthony Ruscito with Corvo Development 2015 LLCto demolish the single-story commercial structure at 4281-4283 Washington Street in Roslindale. The full address is 4281-4283 Washington Street, Roslindale,MA 02131.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 31, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Tim Johnson to demolish the three-family residencelocated at 51 Silver Street Streetin South Boston. The full address is 51 Silver Street, South Boston, MA 02127We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 31, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"The RFP builds off of a core component of Mayor Martin J. Walsh'sBoston Creates Cultural Planto prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen the City of Boston's creative capital over the long term. The City of Boston will provide $75,000 in funding for the execution of this feasibility study.""In order to support and strengthen our creative industries sector, and to work to diversify its ranks,we must ensure that our young people and adults can access pathways to the careers where there is a demand,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank Emerson and MassArt for their partnership on this important initiative that will bring together public and private resources to create more opportunities for our residents.""TheRFPwas released on Monday, August 21 and proposals are due bySeptember 21 at 5 p.m.About Boston CreatesIn June 2016, Mayor Walsh announced theBoston Creates Cultural Plan, a ten-year initiative that will align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long-term, and weave arts and culture into the fabric of everyday life. Cities with high levels of creative capital encourage, reward and integrate imaginative thinking into all aspects of community life. Boston wants to better understand the creative capital of Boston and develop a plan that will prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen this creative capital over the long term."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Rose White with ESH Washington Westminster LLC to demolish the single-story, masonry commercial building at 3012 Washington Street in Roxbury. The full address is 3012 Washington Street, Roxbury, MA 02119.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 26, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Jason Kahan to demolish the single-family residencelocated at 3-5 Lamson Court in East Boston. The full address is 3-5 LamsonCourt, East Boston 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 26, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"First, class matters  maybe more than anything else. In the novel, which features well-known historical figures as well as invented characters, Lehane has Babe Ruth, recently traded from the Red Sox to the Yankees, explain the way of the world to a union man whose strike has been busted: Thems that write the checks write the rules.' Thats theprincipal theme of ""The Given Day"", although those who dont write the checks do manage to get in a few good licks. Even more than the texture of neighborhood, even more than the radioactive matter of race on which his characters tend to dwell, Lehanes great underlying subject is classnot just the enduring rage inspired by its injuries but also the way it shapes habits of mind and manners.Third, Bostons reputation tends to take two-edged formcity on a hill and moralizing scold, robust localism and stodgy parochialism, world-class intellectual center and second-tier burg that thinks its the hub of the universe. The Athens of America, my ass, says one of the novels heroes, a black man from out of town summing up his experience of Boston as a snakepit of corruption and mayhem. Boston has Athenian status in at least two waysas Americas traditional capital of book learning and the life of the mind, and as the one-time capital of the democratizing crusade for the abolition of slavery. But Boston has also been described as the nations most racist city (though, of course, so have many others), and its also known for deeply ingrained class difference (and ranks near the top in current measures of income inequality). Like classical Athens, its at once a high-minded cosmopolitan exemplar and a mean provincial backwater.Considering Bostons future through the prism of the novel, its foremost in my mind that Lehanes Boston derives much of its economic and cultural vitality from the mix of characterscops and captains of industry, day laborers and domestic workers and the mansion-dwellers who employ them. Like information-age San Francisco, twenty-first century Boston has to confront the possibility that it wont remain a viable city if rising housing costs and drastic income inequality push it to the point that only the educated and wealthy can afford to live here. When we confront serious policy questions about affordable housing or the quality of public education in neighborhood schools, we should bear in mind that a city cant function if its reduced to a preserve for the privileged classes. A suburban town might get by like that, if it has a real city nearby to supply the full range of necessities, but the regions central city cant. This isnt a moral question its a practical one.""The Given Day""reminds us, also, to pay heed to the persistent influence of Bostons history. The Boston of 1919 in the novel has already entered its long 20th century decline, from which it emerged late in the century by building upon its traditional strength as a center of education and research to remake itself as a high-tech post-industrial success story. But Boston in 2019 or 2030 will also still be recognizably the city it was before the decline began, a place characterized by an intense awareness of history not just in the negative senseunsettled ancestral beefsbut also in the positive sense: a slow-grow mindset suspicious of the wholesale tear-it-down-and-start-over approach that has remade other American cities. Bostons layered, history-rich urban fabric, graciously framed by Olmstedian green spaces, is much more than a cosmetic extra. I value living here not just because there are good work opportunities but because when I walk down the street I can feel those layers, a distinctive sense of a place thats not just like every other place. Im willing to risk slowing the pace of change, even if it means letting some opportunities for growth and short-term gain slip away, to preserve that quality.Carlo Rotellais Director of American Studies at Boston College."
In 2008, the City of Boston and New Lena Boston set out to reimagine the site to better serve the Mattapan community by creating new housing opportunities for working families. The new units are part of an overall master plan development, which encompasses 514 mixed-income rental and homeownership units. To date, the partnership of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, the City of Boston, and Lena New Boston has successfully completed the development of 210 units of affordable housing and 19 units of home ownership.
Natural Wonder will celebrate the music of the legendary Stevie Wonder at the Dorothy Curran Wednesday Night Concert Series at City Hall Plaza on August 23 at 7 p.m.Natural Wonder is a spectacular touring concert show designed to bring the glorious live experience of legendary musician Stevie Wonder to all generations of music fans. Led by #1 Billboard-ranked vocalist, producer, and multi-instrumentalist Gabriel Bello, Natural Wonder rolls into City Hall Plaza with the full band experience, complete with a crack rhythm section and full-fledged horn ensemble channeling the energy and artistry that has made Stevie Wonder an icon across decades and genres.Whether its Motown-era hits like Signed, Sealed, Delivered and My Cherie Amour, fusion-flavored 70s platters like Master Blaster and Do I Do, the genius of Songs in the Key of Life, the signature harmonica solo of Isnt She Lovely, or Stevies modern masterpieces like My Love is on Fire, Bello and the industry veterans who comprise Natural Wonder recreate the look, feel, and sound of a Stevie set with all the musicianship necessary to thrill audiences with a seemingly unending barrage of hit songs that span the Wonder catalog.The Dorothy Curran Wednesday Night Concert Series closes August 30 with the classic Philly soul of Harold Melvins Blue Notes. The series is presented by Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayors Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment, and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department in partnership with title sponsor Bank of America. Additional support is provided by media sponsor the Boston Herald, night sponsor AARP Massachusetts, and Polar Beverages.For more information, please call 617-635-4505 or visit the Parks Department online at boston.gov/parks or facebook.com/bostonparksdepartment.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Tim Longden to demolish the single-family residencelocated at 844 Morton Street in Mattapan. The full address is 844 Morton Street, Mattapan, MA 02126.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 24, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Jacob Simmons to demolish the single-story commercial garage at 114 Orleans Street in East Boston. The full address is 114 Orleans Street, East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 24, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
On the evening of Thursday, July 13, dozens of East Boston residents came out to the Maverick Landing Community Room to learn about the ways the City of Boston is proposing to proactively prepare residents for a changing climate.Residents heard from the Citys Climate Ready Boston, the projects design team, and The Neighborhood of Affordable Housing (NOAH), a local community organization committed to improving the wellbeing and long-term resilience of East Boston residents. Throughout the evening visitors were able to engage with the updated proposals, ask questions about the project, and provide input that will drive the direction of the Citys policy and design approaches.The room had a number of stations with different activities where visitors could learn about how the project is progressing and how it fits into the Citys larger climate preparedness work. Various design options for a more connected and resilient waterfront and greenway were on display, and visitors voted for their preferences, provided comments, and even designed their own waterfront protection systems.Residents showed particular interest in green spaces, adaptable seating, and converting the historic caboose on the greenway into a food truck. They also expressed their concerns about preserving waterfront access and open spaces, implementation costs, timing, and the need to keep issues equity and affordability as a top priority for the project.You can readthe complete summary of key takeaways here. Climate Ready Bostonis a key initiative to help our City address climate change. Our science-driven approach to addressing the most challenging impacts will increase our City's safety, contribute to reducing emissions, and build community resilience.To stay up to date with Climate Ready East Boston, other projects in Charlestown, and upcoming work in South Boston, continue following Greenovate. The best way to stay in the loop and receiveupdates on all things climate is to sign up for the Greenovatenewsletter.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Tim Johnson to demolish the single-family residence and garage located at 15 Swift Terrace in East Boston. The full address is 15 Swift Terrace, East Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 21, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"We are excited and pleased with the selection of WinnDevelopment, LP for Mary Ellen McCormack, said Tenant Task Force Executive Director, Carol Sullivan. ""They heard us and listened to our ideas about how to make our development better we are excited about this partnership and BHA's choice.""The WinnDevelopment plan was one of five proposals that BHA received in response to a Request for Proposals for the redevelopment in South Boston. A selection committee comprised of residents of the Mary Ellen McCormack public housing development and BHA staff reviewed proposals and interviewed all teams that submitted proposals. The Winn team received high points from the selection committee for its demonstrated model for strong resident partnerships and robust resident services, items which are a priority for existing residents at the site. BHA and the developer will kick off the design process by holding a series of resident and community meetings In the near future.As with previous BHA redevelopment efforts, residents will be offered relocation options that will include moves to other BHA public housing sites or Housing Choice/Section 8 vouchers. Existing residents will have the right to return to the site after redevelopment.About Boston Authority (BHA)Boston Housing Authority (BHA) provides affordable housing to more than 58,000 residents in and around the City of Boston. Residents are assisted through a combination of public housing and federal and state voucher subsidy programs that provide a wide variety of housing opportunities. As the largest public housing authority in New England, the BHA houses close to 9 percent of the city's residents."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston has released a request for proposals (RFP) to operate and activate the 7,800 square foot street-level space in the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building in Dudley Square. The RFP calls for an operator for the space, suitable to accommodate a wide range of businesses including a restaurant, a major performance space, or a meeting space, that will meet the demand for retail in the area, will enhance the community with a dynamic storefront, and activate Dudley Square with news ideas for family-friendly entertainment and initiatives.""The Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building represents Dudley Square's historic commercial and community center, and we look forward to welcoming a new partner who will continue the innovative spirit of the building,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to an imaginative and ambitious proposal that will expand opportunities for residents, benefit the Dudley Square community, and bring together Roxbury and surrounding neighborhoods.""Located in the heart of Dudley Square, the historic, mixed-use Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building is the headquarters of Boston Public Schools, uniting 500 administrative staff and attracting visitors for public meetings and hearings throughout the year. The Bolling Building is also home to theRoxbury Innovation Center, public meeting and engagement spaces, and approximately 10,000 square feet of leased tenant space at the street level, bringing needed private sector retail and evening restaurant offerings to Dudley Square. The ground-level space on the north front of the building is currently considered a core and shell space, allowing proposed tenants to customize the space to their unique plan for activation.""As a bustling center for daily transit, retail, and community activity, this new tenant will be woven into the fabric of Dudley Square and serve as a crucial stakeholder in its continued revitalization,"" said John F. Barros, Chief of Economic Development. ""As the greater Roxbury community continues to attract new commercial, residential, and mixed-use development, additional retail and entertainment opportunities will bring provide local employment opportunities, community programming, and showcase the neighborhood's unique identity.""Located in the geographic center of Boston, Dudley Square contains over 150 businesses, representing retail demand by neighborhood residents of more than $610 million annually. The square is anchored by the Commonwealth's most heavily trafficked MBTA bus station, serving 35,000 people a day. Recent revitalization efforts by the City, including the renovation of the Dudley Branch Library, have served as a catalyst for private development in the greater Roxbury area. Development projects underway or in review include the over 300,000 square foot mixed-use Guscott Rio Grande building at 2343-2345 Washington Street the mixed-use Tremont Crossing, which includes over 288,000 square feet of destination retail, 116,000 square feet of neighborhood retail, and the 31,000 square foot NCAAA Museum and Exhibition Space and, the Melnea Hotel and Residences, a 135 room hotel and residential apartment building with 8,000 square feet of retail space permitted.The future of Dudley Square is currently being envisioned throughPLAN: Dudley Square, a community plan exploring the development program of publicly owned parcels, which builds upon theRoxbury Strategic Master Plan.Imagine Boston 2030, the first city-wide planning process in 50 years, identified the Bolling Building as a model public-private partnership that should be replicated in other growth areas of the City.More information about the RFP isavailable here. RFPs can be accessed on the supplier portal,Event ID EV00004540(compatible with Internet Explorer). A Proposers' Conference to answer any questions will be heldTuesday, August 15, 2017 at 2:00 p.m, at the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building, located at 2300 Washington Street, Roxbury. Guided tours of the building will follow.Responses will be due no later than3:00 p.m.onSeptember 27, 2017.The Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Buildingopened on April 27, 2015, and incorporates the Ferdinand Furniture Building, the Curtis Block and the Waterman & Sons building, into a new state of the art facility. The six-story building houses an estimated 500 municipal employees from Boston Public Schools and features office space, as well as open space for student work, school events, and community gatherings. The building also includes 18,000 square feet of street-level space, and the 3,350 square foot Roxbury Innovation Center. The Building is a 2017 Silver medalist for the Rudy Bruner Award for Urban Excellence.The City of Boston's $115 million investment in the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building has spurred private investment across Dudley Square. The building is a collaboration between the City of Boston's Property and Construction Management Department, and the Boston Planning and Development Agency working closely with the community and historic preservationists. The Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building was designed by Mecanoo architecten and Sasaki Associates. Shawmut Design and Construction served as the CM at-Risk contractor, with project management services being handled by PMA Consultants.The Economic Development Cabinet's mission is to make Boston an appealing and accessible place for working families, entrepreneurs, businesses, and investors to innovate, grow, and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for all Bostonians and the experience for all visitors. Learn more on the Economic Developmentwebsite."
Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca today announced that the City will host a number of community planning workshops this fall to discuss the upcoming expansion of the regional public bike share system, known as Hubway. The 28 workshops are part of a nearly year-long effort to bring bike share to new neighborhoods and add capacity in the existing service area.Over the next two years, more than 70 new bike share stations will be added in Boston alone, with more stations planned in Brookline, Cambridge, and Somerville. This is the largest single expansion of the public bike share system since its launch in Boston in 2011. BTD expects to reach new neighborhoods with bike share, including Dorchester, Roslindale, and Mattapan. Dozens of new stations and docks will also be added in Boston's existing service area to better meet current demand.BTD is excited to collaborate with residents as we expand this important and popular piece of our transportation system to additional locations in the Citys neighborhoods, said Commissioner Fiandaca. I encourage all Boston residents to attend a community planning workshop and help us to determine the best locations for new bike share stations in their neighborhoods.This expansion delivers on one of the projects and policies of Go Boston 2030, bringing us one step closer to meeting Bostons comprehensive transportation needs, noted Stefanie Seskin, Active Transportation Director for the City of Boston. Bike share is an important transportation option and one that we are working to ensure is available throughout Bostons neighborhoods.The workshop dates and locations are as follows:DATEVENUEADDRESSNEIGHBORHOODTIME09/09/17BCYF Curley1163 Columbia RdSouth Boston10:00 AM09/13/17BCYF Hennigan200 Heath StJamaica Plain6:00 PM09/14/17Grove Hall Branch Library41 Geneva AveDorchester6:00 PM09/16/17BCYF Blackstone50 W Brookline StSouth End10:00 AM09/19/17BCYF Mattahunt100 Hebron StMattapan6:00 PM09/20/17BCYF Menino125 Brookway RdRoslindale6:00 PM09/23/17Connolly Branch Library433 Centre StJamaica Plain10:00 AM09/27/17Central Library, Orientation Room700 Boylston StBack Bay6:00 PM09/28/17Charlestown Branch Library179 Main StCharlestown6:00 PM10/03/17Hill House127 Mt Vernon StBeacon Hill6:00 PM10/04/17Fenway Community Center1282 Boylston StFenway6:00 PM10/11/17BCYF Nazzaro30 N Bennet StNorth End6:00 PM10/12/17South Boston Branch Library646 E BroadwaySouth Boston6:00 PM10/14/17Honan-Allston Branch Library300 N Harvard StAllston10:00 AM10/16/17Adams Street Branch Library690 Adams StAshmont6:00 PM10/18/17Mildred Ave K-8 School5 Mildred AveMattapan6:00 PM10/19/17Brighton Branch Library40 Academy Hill RdBrighton6:00 PM10/21/17Codman Square Branch Library690 Washington StCodman Square10:00 AM10/24/17East Boston Social Center68 Central SquareEast Boston6:30 PM10/25/17Tenants Development Corporation23 Wellington StreetSouth End6:00 PM10/26/17Roslindale Community Center6 Cummins HwyRoslindale6:00 PM10/28/17BCYF Tobin1481 Tremont StMission Hill11:00 AM10/30/17BCYF Jackson/Mann500 Cambridge StAllston6:00 PM11/02/17BCYF Quincy885 Washington StChinatown6:30 PM11/04/17BCYF Charlestown255 Medford StCharlestown10:00 AM11/09/17BCYF Curtis Hall20 South StJamaica Plain6:00 PM11/15/17Upham's Corner Health Center415 Columbia RdDorchester6:00 PM11/16/17Bruce C. Bolling Building2300 Washington StRoxbury6:00 PMCommunity members are also invited to suggest locations online at suggest.thehubway.com. BTD will review the suggestions from public workshops and online to create draft maps of potential locations. These maps will be shared on the website and will be available for comment during public open houses in early spring of 2018. More information about the planning process is available at boston.gov/bike-share-expansion.The Hubway system is regional public transportation by bike, owned by the municipalities of Boston, Brookline, Cambridge and Somerville. System wide, there are more than 180 stations offering 1,600 bikes to more than 15,000 members. Since launching in July 2011, users have taken 5.3 million trips. Find out more about the Hubway system at www.thehubway.com.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Joseph Morrissey to demolish the single-family residence and garage at 41 Spring Street, single-family residence at 45 Spring Street, and two-story commercial structure at 47 Spring Street in West Roxbury. The full addresses are 41, 45, and 47 Spring Street, West Roxbury, MA 02130We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 18, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Commission on Affairs of the Elderly, and AARP yesterday hosted a panel discussion with age-friendly leaders from across Massachusetts. The forum highlighted the work happening in Boston and throughout the Commonwealth to make communities inclusive, welcoming, and safe for people as they age.As a member of AARP's Network of Age-Friendly Communities, Boston recently launched its Age-Friendly Action Plan, a comprehensive plan with 75 action items to create an environment where older adults continue to lead healthy and productive lives in Boston.""Our Age-Friendly Boston Action Plan is our road map to make sure our City works for everyone, of all ages and abilities,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""It's a blueprint of specific, creative ideas generated from older adults in Boston, and we are proud to share that work and experience with other communities across the Commonwealth.""Age-Friendly community leaders and experts gathered at the University of Massachusetts Club for a panel that brought together representatives from the Massachusetts Executive Office of Elder Affairs, the City of Boston's Elderly Affairs Commission, the City of Newton, the Town of Acton, and the Tufts Health Plan Foundation.The panel was moderated by Nancy LeaMond, AARP Executive Vice President and Chief Advocacy and Engagement Officer for AARP.""Mayor Walsh has been a leading voice fighting to protect healthcare and Federal programs that benefit older adults,"" said LeaMond. ""Through plans like Vision Zero and GoBoston2030, Boston's transportation plan, Mayor Walsh has made it a major priority to make Boston even safer and the most walkable city.""""There is a pressing need to create livable communities for people of all ages. In less than 15 years, one out of every five people in the country will be 65 or older, a demographic shift that will be felt in every community,"" said Mike Festa, AARP Massachusetts State Director. ""In the city of Boston, we've seen Mayor Walsh' tremendous interest in and energy put toward tackling livability, with solutions that benefit not only older constituents but people of all ages.""Carl Baty, longtime community advocate and a senior voice in Boston's Age-Friendly Action Plan, attended the event. Baty highlighted the amount of community engagement that led to the final plan and stressed the importance of continuing to have older adults involved in City planning.""If you've never been old, how do you know what older adults need?"" said Baty. ""It's good to get an invite and have a seat at the table.""The Commission on Affairs of the Elderly facilitates full and equal participation in all aspects of life by older adults in Boston. The commission is dedicated to improving the lives of Boston's older adults by connecting them with resources and information, and it is focused on setting the City's direction for successful aging in Boston. Visit boston.gov/elderly for more information.AARP is the nation's largest nonprofit, nonpartisan organization dedicated to empowering Americans 50 and older to choose how they live as they age. With nearly 38 million members and offices in every state, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands, AARP works to strengthen communities and advocate for what matters most to families with a focus on health security, financial stability and personal fulfillment. AARP also works for individuals in the marketplace by sparking new solutions and allowing carefully chosen, high-quality products and services to carry the AARP name. As a trusted source for news and information, AARP produces the world's largest circulation publications, AARP The Magazine and AARP Bulletin. To learn more, visit www.aarp.org or follow @AARP and @AARPadvocates on social media."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh this week joined the City of Boston Scholarship Committee in awarding 35 students $2,500 scholarships to help fund their education. The Scholarship Fund was established in 1995 to provide assistance to residents who plan to pursue a two- or four-year undergraduate program within Massachusetts. ""Each City of Boston Scholarship awardee clearly demonstrates a deep commitment to our community and strong academic promise,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Thank you for the time and effort you put into sharing your experiences and dreams through the application process. You are the future leaders of Boston, and I wish you all the best as you embark on your higher education journey.""Currently, over 100 students receive an annual scholarship of $2,500 through the fund. Scholarship recipients may reapply each year. Applicants must be residents of Boston and have graduated from high school by the time the awards are made in May. The scholarship program, which operates under the authority of a Scholarship Committee, is managed by the Mayor's Education Cabinet.This year'sscholarship awards strengthen the post-secondary access initiatives that the Mayor has launched or supported over the last year, includingFree Community College Tuition,Boston Bridge, and ongoing support activities for students through theSuccess Boston partnership."
Harmon Apartments will be made up of:
BOSTON - Tuesday, August 8, 2017 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released theCity of Boston's first ever report on the Inclusionary Development Policy (IDP),the City's program to leverage private development to preserve access to affordable housing opportunities in all of Boston's neighborhoods. IDP requires that developers of buildings with ten or more units seeking zoning relief or building on City of Boston owned land set aside a percentage of their units as affordable to moderate- to middle-income households. Produced by the Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA), the report is one of several new steps the BPDA is taking to track progress to guide inclusive growth in Boston.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Andrew Schena to demolish the two-family dwelling at333 W. Third Street in South Boston. The full address is 333 W. Third Street, South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 17, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Louis Roberto to demolish the two-story, mixed-use structure and detached garage located at 341 Chelsea Street in East Boston. The full address is 341 Chelsea Street, East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 14, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Congratulations to the winners of the Mayors 2017 Garden Contest, presented with a Grand Prize from JetBlue and media support provided by the Boston Herald. Now in its 21st year, the contest recognizes gardeners who have landscaped, planted flowers, trees, and shrubs, and, in the process, helped beautify Bostons neighborhoods.First place winners received the coveted Golden Trowel award from Mayor Walsh and prize packages from the Parks Department, Mahoneys Garden Centers, and other sponsors at an awards ceremony in August in the Public Garden. First place winners were also entered ina drawing for a JetBlue Grand Prize consisting of roundtrip flights for two to any nonstop destination from Boston.A team of distinguished judges viewed the finalists gardens over a two-day period. Judges included members of the Garden Contest Hall of Fame, Boston Parks and Recreation Department staff, and local open space advocates.This years winners were:Gardeners who won three or more times were automatically entered into the Hall of Fame and recognized at the awards ceremony. These distinguished Hall-of-Famers are ineligible to enter as contestants but welcome to return as judges. The 2017 Hall of Fame Inductees are Marie Fukuda and Tim Horn of the Fenway, Daphne Georges of Jamaica Plain,Ronald H. Dion of the Fenway, and Martin Grealish of West Roxbury.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department are proud to present the 2017 ParkARTS Boston Childrens Festival on Tuesday, August 22, at Franklin Park in Dorchester from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. arkARTS is made possible in part through the generosity of Holly and David Bruce.Children and families from throughout Boston have the opportunity to participate in a variety of free activities from various exhibitors,including:The August 22 event will also include book giveaways from the ReadBoston Storymobile, exploring a Boston Fire Department fire truck, identification kits from the Suffolk County Sheriffs Department, a visit from the Boston Park Rangers Mounted Unit, face painting, dance performances from the BCYF Jackson-Mann Community Center, and free treats and giveaways from HP Hood LLC, KIND Snacks, Polar Beverages, and Magic 106.7.The location of the festival is on Pierpont Road off Circuit Drive, near the back entrance of the Franklin Park Zoo. By MBTA, take the Orange Line to Forest Hills and the #16 bus to the Zoo. By car, the park can be reached from Blue Hill Avenue, Seaver Street, or Circuit Drive.There is ample free parking and the park is ADA compliant. For further information, call 617-635-4505 or visit boston.gov/parks or facebook.com/bostonparksdepartment.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Richard C. Lynds to demolish the single-family residencelocated at 55 Byron Street and the single-family residence located at 57 Bryon Street in East Boston. The full address is 55 and 57 Byron Street, East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 14 2, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
The Boston Transportation Department (BTD), the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM), and the Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) today announced the implementation of a third demand-responsive price change related to the City of Bostons ongoing Performance Parking Pilot Program. Prices at approximately 530 metered parking spaces on 40 blocks in the South Boston Waterfront will change effective Monday, August 7, 2017.The rate change is based on sensor data that allows the City to monitor average occupancy per meter space and block. Beginning next week, the minimum price will be $1 per hour and the maximum will be $3 per hour at meters in the pilot area. Approximately 26% of parking meters will be priced at $1 per hour.Prices vary by four time bands (weekdays 8am-12pm 12pm-4pm 4pm-8pm and all day Saturday. Prices are posted on meters and are available online at https://www.boston.gov/transportation/performance-parking-pilot. Parking meters are free on Sundays in the City of Boston.The South Boston Waterfront pilot program began in January and will continue through the end of 2017. During this time, prices are being adjusted every two months and will remain consistent in two-month increments. Prices will stabilize when occupancy reaches the target of about one open space per block.
"BOSTON -Wednesday, August 2, 2017- Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment today announced that the 17th AnnualGospelfestwill take place onSunday, August 6from5 p.m. to 8 p.m.on City Hall Plaza.Gospelfestis New England's largest Gospel music celebration, and is free and open to all.""I'm pleased we're bringing back this celebration for the 17th consecutive year,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm proud Boston provides fun, free, family events throughout the year, and this event is one of our most anticipated. I look forward to welcoming residents and visitors to City Hall Plaza onAugust 6."""
The Boston Preservation Alliance hosts the 2017 Preservation Achievement Awards at Fenway Park on September 19. Boston Public Library also received a BPA award this year for its Central Library Renovation of its Johnson building.Boston Public Library is honored to receive this award from the Boston Preservation Alliance, as caring for and preserving all our Special Collections so that they remain accessible, free to all, is one of our utmost responsibilities. This mural is an integral component of the McKim building and viewed and appreciated along with the Sargent and Abbey murals by millions of visitors each year, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library. Our founders wanted a library that would inspire and where would we be without Philosophy as a muse?Pierre Puvis de Chavannes panels were painted on linen canvas in Paris and adhered on the library walls in 1895-96 using the marouflage technique, binding canvas to plaster support with an adhesive paste. Over time, the plaster and adhesive behind Philosophy weakened, jeopardizing the panel. Conservators, led by Gianfranco Pocobene, Head of Conservation at the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum and a conservator in private practice, carefully removed the panel from the wall in February 2016 and restored the work, addressing areas of paint loss and lining the canvas with a rigid aluminum honeycomb support to protect the art. The ambitious procedure has rarely been attempted on a marouflaged canvas, as artwork adhered in this way is not expected to be removed once permanently affixed to its backing structure.French artist Pierre Puvis de Chavannes is considered one of the preeminent European artists of the 19th century, and the Central Library contains his only mural installation outside of France. Philosophy is one of eight allegorical scenes  each depicting an academic discipline  that surround the Central Librarys grand staircase. Other panels in the cycle include Astronomy, History, Chemistry, Physics, Pastoral Poetry, Dramatic Poetry, and Epic Poetry. A ninth, broader panel flanks the entrance to Bates Hall and depicts The Muses of Inspiration Welcoming the Spirit of Light.Boston Public Library offers free daily tours highlighting the architecture of its famed Central Library buildings by Charles Follen McKim and Philip Johnson as well as the art treasures within, including works by Daniel Chester French and John Singer Sargent. The schedule of tours and more information about the art and architecture of the BPL can be viewed via www.bpl.org/central/tours.htm.Image Credit (at far right): Sheryl Lanzel. Left two images: Boston Public LibraryAbout BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.###
As teachers, parents, and students prepare to head back to school, it can be a stressful yet exciting time. Re-establishing routines and the end of summer vacation can often be a tough transition for families. These changes are typically less difficult if you have an organized plan in place for how to ensure a smooth transition. Here are some tips and resources that may address your concerns regarding going back to school.- In August, begin to engage your family in activities that promote learning. This will help your young learners re-focus before entering school in September. It's a good idea to get that summer reading done early and begin anticipating what you'll learn in the next grade. Here you can find Boston area museums and which days they offer free or discounted passes for children.- Boston Public Schools has some great suggestions about transitioning back to school - such as eating a healthy breakfast and lunch and designating a certain spot for your school supplies. These tips are helpful for both students and teachers alike.- BPS is also willing to schedule a school tour with students who may be new to the school system, or have been out due to amedical condition. This will help ease the nerves for everyone involved. Additionally, Boston Children's Hospital offers a program where they support students who are re-entering school after an illness. They will facilitate providing their school with helpful information to ensure their health and safety continues.- It can be overwhelming to be a parent with school-aged kid(s). There are endless to-do lists and full schedules. Sometimes it's hard to talk to your child about school or engage in meaningful conversations about what they are learning. PBS.org offersgreat ideas about how to start the conversation. In addition, Care.com provides useful solutions to everyday problems (such as finding after-school care and addressing bullying) that may cause parents stress and anxiety.- Having the correct school supplies is important to a child's success in school. Garden Neighborhood Charities, in conjunction with the City of Boston and The Salvation Army, isholding a free event to meet this need. Find out here how to register your child. Each child will receive a backpack filled with supplies. There will also be fun activities and various booths addressing child concerns at the event.
BOSTON - Tuesday, August 1, 2017 -Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Police Commissioner William B. Evans, the Boston Police Department (BPD) and Suffolk County District Attorney Daniel Conley will host the second night of the 34th Annual National Night Out in Boston, celebrating and raising awareness of community policing throughout the City.
Joslin was the first doctor to keep a diabetes registry. This registry allowed him to effectively track and treat the disease.Joslin was an advocate of patient education and strongly believed that training patients to monitor their diabetes would save lives. He wrote the first textbook about diabetes in 1916, and in it, he noted a 20 percent decrease in mortality when patients instituted a program of diet and exercise. The below chart shows a dramatic drop in diabetes deaths in Massachusetts from 1920 to 1925.In 1929,Joslinpublished the Diabetic Manual for the Mutual Use of Doctor and Patient. You can see the title page below.Joslin dedicated the manual toThose Individuals Who Have Conquered Diabetes by Living Longer With It Than They were Expected to Live Without It.Joslins Manual emphasized the ability of patients with diabetes to live full, normal lives. Below is a page from the manual that showsa girl doing a handstand after taking her insulinJoslin'sManual was used widely throughout theUnited States. At the City Archives, we have a copy of the manual because teachers used it in classes at Dorchester High School. Joslin's legacy and work live on. In 1952, his private clinic formally became theJoslin Diabetes Center. It currently supports the worlds largest diabetes research team.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from James Baker with 102-110 Savin Hill Avenue LLC to demolish the existing one-story commercial structure at 102-110 SavinHill Avenue, three-family house at 10 Sydney Street, and single-family house at 14 Sydney Street in Dorchester.The full addresses are 102-110 SavinHill Avenue, 10 Sydney Street, and 14 Sydney Street, Dorchester, MA 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 7, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Dave Winick to demolish two attached two-family dwellings at 105-107 W. 3rd Street in South Boston.The full address is 105-107 W. 3rd Street, South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 4, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement and the Mayor's Mural Crew this summer will partner together to paint a set of murals as part of Boston's ""To Immigrants With Love"" public art campaign. The murals will be located in East Boston and Roslindale, and will celebrate immigrants' contributions to Boston and their local communities, featuring past and present immigrants in each neighborhood. ""This project is designed to celebrate all heritages that make Boston the great city it is today,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Immigrants throughout the centuries have contributed to the building of Boston, and our goal is to celebrate immigrants' work, and foster civic engagement throughout the City.""""The arts are a powerful tool for bringing people together, and public art is an ideal way lift up and make visible the contributions of Boston's diverse immigrants,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""We're proud the the Mayor's Mural Crew will create this important art in communities throughout Boston."" In addition to highlighting the economic and cultural vibrancy immigrants bring to their neighborhoods, ""To Immigrants With Love"" also connects immigrants to City services and resources via acampaign website.The East Boston mural will be located on the Paris Street side of Dr. Dental (55 Meridian Street) and will feature immigrants Carmello Scire and Veronica Robles. Scire immigrated from Sicily in the early 1930s and founded his own catering business. Currently run by Scire's grandson Steve Scire,Sammy Carlo's Delicatessen and Cateringcontinues Scire's dedication to community service and has been located in East Boston for over 75 years. Beside the portrait of Scire will be one of Veronica Robles. Robles is a cultural ambassador, educator and longtime community activist, who immigrated from Mexico in 2000. Mayor Martin J. Walsh appointed Robles to serve on the leadership council forBoston Creates, the cultural plan for the City.""I discovered that culture is a beautiful opportunity to provide not only joy to people but also to create social change,"" said Veronica Robles. ""We can use the power of arts and culture to be able to make our communities better.""The Roslindale mural will feature immigrant business owners Alex Castillo and Louis and Beatrice White. The mural will be located at Atlas Wine and Liquors (591 Hyde Park Avenue), which was founded by the White family. After immigrating from Russia in the early 1900s, Louis White opened a local supermarket in 1933, which eventually transitioned into the Roslindale liquor store. The business is now run by White's grandson Jeff Fine.Castillo, originally from the Dominican Republic, immigrated to the United States in January of 1996 and now owns Digitech Electronic Solutions in Roslindale.""Boston is a great city for all, and I enjoy being able to give back to my community,"" said Alex Castillo. ""I'm proud my business allows me to help community members through recovering their precious memories from their devices.""""Immigrants and their contributions are integral to our City's continued success and vitality,"" said Alejandra St. Guillen, Director of the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement. ""Our local 'To Immigrants With Love' murals celebrate our immigrant communities and the ways they move our City forward. It is also part of our overall effort to foster a deeper connection between the City and its foreign-born residents.""The ""To Immigrants With Love"" public art campaign was sponsored by the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement (MOIA), Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services (ONS), the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture via the Mayor's Mural Crew, Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, and Boston Main Streets. An unveiling ceremony is planned to be held upon completion of the murals.This local initiative was inspired by the national ""To Immigrants With Love"" letter-writingcampaignled by Define American and I Am An Immigrant. Celebrating and humanizing past and present immigrant contributions to the City of Boston through community-inspired art, the campaign also connects the immigrant community to city services and resources through digital outreach.""Now more than ever, we're proud to support the 'To Immigrants With Love' campaign to declare that we proudly stand with immigrant communities in Boston and across the country,"" said Todd Schulte, President of FWD.us, the primary organization supporting the I Am An Immigrant campaign.The Mayor's Mural Crew, a youth employment program that transforms overlooked areas in the city into vibrant cultural landmarks, is painting the murals. Led by artist Heidi Schork for the past 26 years, the Mayor's Mural Crew has long served as a way for youth to engage with their own community, as well as develop professional skills.The Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement works to ensure the full participation of immigrants within the civic, economic, social and cultural life of Boston. Every year, MOIA assists over 2,000 residents by connecting them to English language classes, helping them obtain citizenship application assistance, facilitating access to city services, and providing accurate information about immigration laws, which helps immigrants contribute socially and economically to the city. For more information go to:boston.gov/immigrantsor call617-635-2980."
The Puerto Rican Parade will take place on Sunday, July 30, 2017. People attending the event are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles into the City. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.thehubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to get around Boston.Boylston Street is expected to be closed to traffic between Massachusetts Avenue and Exeter Street from 10:30 AM to 11:45 AM for set-up, and the full parade route will be closed through approximately 3:30 PM.At 12 Noon the parade will begin with 5,000 marchers proceeding along Boylston Street, turning left onto Tremont Street and continuing onto Cambridge Street to City Hall Plaza, where the Puerto Rican Festival is taking place this weekend.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect at the following locations.
The Tremont Street subway was the first subway system built in the United States. Construction on the subway began in 1895 in downtown Boston. The original five-mile route ran between an entrance at the Public Garden and anentrance near Haymarket Square. Train cars could enter and exit either end of the subway to continue on to destinations above ground.The image above was included in the Boston Transit Commissions Third Annual Report from 1897. The Transit Commission reports contain detailed information about the development of the subway. They also describe incidents related to its construction. For example, the 1897 report mentions a large gas explosion at the corner of Tremont and Boylston streets (shown below). At 11:46 a.m. on March 4, 1897,a pocket of gas above the Tremont Street subway tunnel exploded. Underground construction caused leaking gas from nearby pipes to build up over time. A spark from a passing trolley ignited the gas that morning. Even though six people died at the scene, the tunnel itself escaped damage. Work on the subway resumed as planned. At the time, some people were skeptical about traveling underground. The City made an effort to reassure the public that the subway would be a safe way to get around the City.Sections 1-3 of the Tremont Street subway opened to the public on September 1, 1897. These sections were between the Public Garden and Park Street Station. The photograph below shows passengers waiting at the Public Garden entrance on opening day. The rest of the subway opened in 1898.Parts of the Tremont Street subway are still used today by theMBTA.Do you recognize the buildings below?The Boston Transit Commission snapped hundreds of photographs showing different sites related to the Citys underground transit system. To see the Boston Transit Commission photograph collection, head to the City Archives'Flickr page. And to learn more about the Tremont Street Subway, check out the new PBS documentary The Race Underground. This blog post is by Archives Intern Alejandra Dean. Alejandra is a graduate student concentrating in archives management at the School of Library and Information Science, Simmons College.
Concerts will be moved to the newly renovated Rabb Hall in the event of inclement weather. Concerts in the Courtyard are generously supported by Deloitte.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
"As part of Boston's commitment to ensuring streets are safe for all, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Transportation Department today announced a data challenge to help determine the location of 30 new speed feedback signs. The signs will be installed on local streets where traffic safety issues are a concern.A kick-off meeting will be held onWednesday, July 26,from6-7 p.m., at CIC Boston, 5th floor of 50 Milk Street. ""With initiatives such as Imagine Boston and Go Boston 2030, Boston has made every effort to encourage residents and others to participate in planning processes, ensuring that everyone's vision for our City is considered,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This data challenge is another example of the innovative steps we are taking to inspire creativity and participation in a decision making process that will have a real impact on the users of our streets.""""Reducing speed is a cornerstone of Vision Zero Boston,"" said Boston Transportation Department Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. ""The City of Boston and its Vision Zero Task Force worked successfully over the past year to reduce the default speed limit in Boston to 25 mph, and we are now building upon that change in legislation by integrating speed feedback technology into our inventory of traffic management equipment.""The data challenge process will be managed by staff from the Mayor's Office as well as the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics. Participants will be asked to help the City of Boston develop a data-driven framework for deciding where these additional 30 speed feedback signs should be located. Final plans will be judged onWednesday, August 23, at CIC Boston.Data challenge participants will be encouraged to take the following potential variables into consideration:Speed feedback signs have already been installed in 20 locations as part of the City of Boston's commitment to Vision Zero, the City's plan to eliminate fatal and serious traffic crashes in the City by 2030.The Vision Zero Boston Annual Report, released earlier this year,includes a mapof completed safety projects and identifies the locations of these existing signs.The new solar-powered and digital speed feedback signs will display both the speed limit at that location and the speed of an approaching vehicle, and will flash if the vehicle is surpassing the speed limit. Speed feedback signs improve compliance with the speed limit and tend to reduce vehicle speeds by 4-5 mph even greater speed reductions are experienced when the signs are placed in identified school zones. Even a modest reduction in speed can have a significant impact in reducing injuries. Installation of the new signs in Boston is expected to begin this fall.Today's announcement builds on Mayor Walsh's commitment to make the streets of Boston safe for all users of our roadways. Last week, Mayor Walsh announced theselection of five neighborhoodsfor participation in the Neighborhood Slow Streets Program, a community-based traffic calming measure to reduce speeds and improve quality of life on Boston's local streets. In addition, Mayor Walsh announced in May a commitment to increase Boston's Vision Zero investment by $1 million in Fiscal Year 2018 to $4.1 million, dedicated to Boston'sNeighborhood Slow Streets program.These initiatives are part ofGo Boston 2030, the City's strategic transportation plan, that will invest $709 million over the next five years to implement safer streets, more reliable and predictable transportation, and improved transportation access for residents.Want to take part? You need to register for the event.Vision Zero, the City's plan to eliminate fatal and serious traffic crashes in Boston by 2030, leads Boston's strategy to reduce injuries for pedestrians and cyclists. Key Vision Zero accomplishments include lowering the City's default speed limit to 25 MPH establishing dedicated, protected bike lanes launching the Neighborhood Slow Streets program and making pedestrian and cyclist safety a focus when planning major roadway construction. Earlier this year, thefirst Vision Zero annual reportwas released, detailing additional investments."
"Building on Boston's commitment to make City services more accessible, welcoming and efficient, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today unveiled the completed renovation of City Hall's third floor lobby. The lobby, which is the main public entrance to City Hall, underwent extensive renovations that include a welcome desk new security enhancements a coffee shop an accessible and interactive self-service information kiosk capable of multiple language translations new art installations throughout the building new millwork and seating and replacement of interior lighting with energy-efficient LED lights that complement the recently-installed exterior lighting.""We're dedicated to making Boston City Hall a positive, welcoming experience for all residents, and this renovation is another leap forward,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""City Hall is a historic building that belongs to everyone, and I'm pleased that our renovations improve experiences for all visitors. The operational and architectural enhancements make the building easier to navigate and and will improve service for all of Boston's residents.""""Through this renovation, we have improved and enlivened Boston City Hall and City Hall Plaza,"" said Chief of Operations Patrick Brophy. ""Our strategic investment in all public buildings and open space throughout Boston is designed to improve government efficiency and the public's experience with its valuable infrastructure and resources.""Updates to the lobby include:Welcome desk:A new welcome desk located in the center of the lobby. The welcome desk will be staffed with BOS: 311 greeters and provide information on City department locations. A larger monitor will display the current events calendar and stream City data with information on assorted topics. New lobby signage includes locations of City departments and a touchscreen with a multilingual self-service information kiosk.New self-service kiosks:The self-service touchscreen kiosk will provide users information on the most asked-for services inside and outside of City Hall. Additionally, the kiosk can provide information in six languages: English, Spanish, Chinese, Creole/Cape Verdean, Portuguese and Vietnamese. The data coordinates with the City of Boston website for seamless interactions. The new system is easy to update and keep current to meet the public's needs.Sustainable and cost-effective lighting:The lobby lights have been replaced with sustainable LED fixtures that will enliven the space and allow flexible lighting configurations. The fixtures will provide appropriate light levels for the lobby and are aimed to illuminate the light wells, structural beams and multi-level platforms and features of City Hall's lobby. The interior lights will have the ability to change color and intensity to provide program flexibility and will coordinate with the exterior lighting design. Additionally, the lobby's new energy-efficient LED lights have an estimated 20 year life span that will significantly decrease the City's annual operating costs.Improved security:The new security equipment and layout will significantly reduce security lines and wait time for visitors and staff. Security equipmentre-positioningallows for a better flow through the lobby.New art installations:Withthis renovation, Mayor Walsh unveiledfour new murals within Boston City Hall. A mural that serves as a backdrop for City Hall weddings faces the City Clerk's office on the sixth floor.Two murals depicting Boston's circles, squares, and corners were installed on the seventh and eighth floors. The fourth installation is located on the ninth floor outside of the Boston Planning and Development Agency. Additionally, a Flag of Valor has been added to the 3rd floor lobby.""The Boston Preservation Alliance is encouraged and enthusiastic about the investment and new perspective Mayor Walsh and his team have brought to Boston's remarkable City Hall,"" said Greg Galer, Executive Director of the Boston Preservation Alliance. ""Thanks to work already done, Bostonians are gaining a new appreciation for this important piece of architecture, and we see a growing recognition for the great potential this building holds. Functional and aesthetic enhancements to the building's unique design are happening piece by piece, and this new work on the lobby is a critical step to reintroducing Boston to our award-winning and nationally significant City Hall.""""Upon entry, visitors and staff at City Hall will encounter a light filled lobby with a new information desk, signage and building directory,"" said Josiah Stevenson FAIA, 2017 Boston Society of Architects President. ""These changes, together with the introduction of an innovative, energy efficient system of LED lighting that connects the building's interior and exterior, create a welcoming experience at a pleasing human scale.""The City Hall renovations began in January of 2017. The project cost an estimated $2.1 million. Last month, the Citywelcomed a local, minority woman-owned Recreo Coffee and Roasterieto Boston City Hall, as the first stage of the new lobby design. In October 2016, Mayor Walsh unveiledBoston City Hall's architectural exterior lighting installation, a permanent fixture to highlight and enhance the building's original design while livening up City Hall Plaza and increasing public safety.Lobby renovations are part of the City's plan to make City Hall Plaza a more activated, inclusive space for all. Additional projects include ""Boston Seasons"" which features a summer picnic area on City Hall Plaza and established Boston Winter, a family-friendly winter holiday market and skating path, on City Hall Plaza last winter."
"MayorMartin J.Walshand the Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) todayreleaseda draft Performing Arts Facilities Assessment that aims to understand the current and anticipated venue challenges of local performing arts organizations in Boston. Therelease of the draft kicks off a 30 day comment period and the public is encouraged to review the assessment and submit feedback onbostonplans.org.The BPDA commissioned the assessment in response to a strategy in the City'sBoston Createsplan, which states that the City of Boston must support the availability, affordability and sustainability of cultural spaces and facilities for arts and cultural organizations of all sizes in Boston.""In Boston it's our goal to harness our City's innovation and creativity to build a better, healthier and more thriving City that continues to lift up all our residents,"" saidMayorWalsh. ""Through this assessment, we have collaborated with residents and stakeholders throughout Boston and the entire region to pinpoint what resources exist, and what resources are needed to support artists. I look forward to continued feedback from our residents as we work to finalize this assessment and determine next steps.""TDC, a nonprofit management consulting and research firm, was engaged to conduct the study in partnership with the BPDA and theMayor's Office. The study was guided by three questions:Researchers spoke to individuals from across the arts and related fields, including leaders of large producing organizations, artists creating one-person shows, managers of venues for global corporations, volunteers at community centers, and those who support the sector through advocacy, providing services, philanthropy, and setting policy. The assessment revealed the following conclusions:The assessment identifies potential solutions that would require a new approach to how facilities are financially supported, operated, and managed in Boston and the creation of new tools for:A final report will be issued following the 30 day public comment period.""I think this report and the detailed research that went into it is of great value to the City and the arts community,"" Gary Dunning, President & Executive Director of Celebrity Series.""I commend theMayor's Office for committing the time and effort to conduct this assessment. Hopefully, it will encourage continued dialogue and eventual actions that will provide more and better facilities for the performing arts, which will strengthen and enhance Boston's standing as a cultural capital.""Boston's Performing Arts Facilities Assessment is part ofBoston Creates,a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long term. The full cultural plan can be found online atplan.bostoncreates.org.Since the launch ofBoston Createsin 2016,MayorWalshhas committed to leading the implementation of the plan by building City resources for arts and culture and creating the necessary partnerships to address the critical needs identified through the planning process.A full list of Boston Creates plan achievements to date can befound here.Boston Creates, and the Performing Arts Facilities Assessment, are part of theWalshAdministration's commitment to planning a thriving, inclusive Boston for every resident. On Tuesday,MayorWalshlaunchedImagine Boston 2030, the first citywide plan in over 50 years. Imagine Boston 2030 prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the City.As the City of Boston's urban planning and economic development agency, the BPDA works in partnership with the community to plan Boston's future while respecting its past. The agency's passionate and knowledgeable staff guides physical, social, and economic change in Boston's neighborhoods and its downtown to shape a more prosperous, resilient, and vibrant city for all. The BPDA also prepares residents for new opportunities through employment training, human services and job creation. Learn more atwww.bostonplans.org, and follow us on Twitter@BostonPlans."
The City of Boston, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and several partners announced today the implementation of a new pedestrian wayfinding signage program in the South Boston Waterfront neighborhood. The new signs are expected to improve mobility by making walking to destinations in the area easier and more pleasurable. The wayfinding signs are an outcome of the 2015 South Boston Waterfront Sustainable Transportation Plan and they expand upon a one-year 2015 pilot program of pedestrian wayfinding signs developed to guide visitors to and from the Boston Convention & Exhibition Center.The Boston Transportation Department and our partners on this important project have pooled our resources and worked together to design a wayfinding signage program that meets the distinct needs of the South Boston Waterfront, said BTD Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. While the signs are eye-catching and complement the surroundings, they are also functional and work to improve walkability in this busy neighborhood.In the last month, after a year-long collaboration, City of Boston and Commonwealth of Massachusetts agencies, working with local organizations, such as, the Seaport TMA, A Better City and Walk Boston, have installed a full network of wayfinding signs at locations in and around the Waterfront from the Flynn Cruiseport to South Station, and the Boston Convention & Exhibition Centers Lawn on D to Moakley Courthouse. The signs point to and from a variety of destinations, including MBTA connections, museums, event spaces, and dining options. They include information on direction, walk time, and amenities. An example of the signage is pictured below.Boston is Americas best walking city and we want to make an already great experience even better by making it easier and more convenient for visitors from around the world to navigate the South Boston Waterfront and enjoy everything it has to offer, said Jim Folk, MCCA Director of Transportation and Chairman of the South Boston Waterfront Sustainable Transportation Plan Subcommittee on Pedestrian Wayfinding.MassDOT is pleased to support the pedestrian wayfinding signs initiative as one step in our commitment to help people navigate easily and therefore increase the likelihood that people will choose to walk or bike to their destinations, said MassDOT Acting Highway Administrator Jonathan Gulliver. Wayfinding signs are a very easy tool which absolutely encourages people to think about getting to their destinations without the need to jump into a vehicle.All of the time and labor for this project was provided through the program partners below:Partners in the wayfinding signs initiative are interested in the publics thoughts on the program and the Massachusetts Convention Center Authority will be tracking feedback with the hashtag #WalkSBW. Public feedback will be invaluable for developing the next and more permanent solution to wayfinding in the neighborhood.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Philip Hrskoto demolish the two-story commercial structureat 202 Maverick Street and the three-family houseat 206 Maverick Street in East Boston. The full address is 202 Maverick Street and 206 Maverick Street, East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 31, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"BOSTON -Friday, July 21, 2017- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Congressman Michael Capuano, Jewish Community Housing for the Elderly (JCHE), local elected officials and residents of the JCHE Brighton Campus for the groundbreaking for the Harry and Jeanette Weinberg House. The $23 million project will create 61 units of supportive, affordable housing for seniors at 132 Chestnut Hill Avenue, and will be connected to JCHE's existing 700-unit Brighton campus.""This project will create 61 modern and supportive homes for seniors in this community, and ground-floor retail the whole neighborhood can enjoy,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm proud of the City of Boston's commitment to this project, and thank the Weinberg Family, Jewish Community Housing for the Elderly, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, the Massachusetts Department of Housing and Community Development, and all partners involved. The expansion of this vibrant and historic community is a snapshot of the progress we're making Citywide. Working together, we are helping to keep Boston a diverse city that is open and affordable to everyone who wants to live here.""""Mayor Walsh is the most supportive mayor in the country, especially around two issues -- affordable housing and quality of life for our seniors,"" said JCHE President and CEO Amy Schectman. ""The Mayor, Congressman Capuano, Secretary Alice Bonner, Representative Honan, and Councilor Ciommo together illustrate the power of collaboration. Between the city, state, federal and private investment and philanthropic dollars, we are about to make the world that much better with this project.""JCHE's 1,200 apartments located in Brighton, Newton, and Framingham are home to 1,500 low-income older adults of all backgrounds. Ninety-three percent of residents live in JCHE's subsidized units and have an average income of $16,137. Twenty-two of the new units will be for extremely low-income senior households earning less than 30 percent of the Area Median Income (AMI), and thirty-nine units will be affordable to those earning less than 60 percent of AMI. Seven units will be reserved for chronically homeless seniors, with specialized and placement services provided by HEARTH, Inc. A five-bedroom/bathroom pod, run in collaboration with Jewish Family & Children's Service, are designated for low-income individuals aging with lifelong developmental disabilities.All residents at the new 57,000 sq. ft. building will have full and easy shared access to all existing life-enhancing services, programs, and amenities on JCHE's existing Brighton Campus. An indoor connecting bridge and outdoor landscaped walkways will make traveling between the buildings seamless. At the core of JCHE's programming and services that sustain senior independence and create community are:Intergenerational programming, an active schedule of lectures, language classes, concerts, and events and discussion groups that promote social interaction, creative expression and intellectual stimulation.Supportive services such as fitness and falls prevention, in-home services, 24/7 on-site staffing, escorts to medical appointments, wheelchair-accessible transportation, and eight resident service coordinators.State of the art facilities, which include the senior-specialized fitness center, computer center, multi-lingual library, auditorium, art room, meeting and lounge areas.""Projects like this one are why I fight so hard in Congress for affordable housing funds. These 61 units will enhance the City of Boston's senior housing stock and help revitalize the neighborhood,"" said Congressman Mike Capuano. ""Seniors will have access to a host of services that will enhance their quality of life such as transportation services, a fitness center, social activities, classes and so much more. The initiative is possible through local, state and federal partnerships as well as a commitment from the Weinberg family and Jewish Community Housing for the Elderly. I look forward to returning for the grand opening.""""I'm really grateful for the leadership of JCHE and of Mayor Walsh in striving to create housing for all people,"" said Senator William Brownsberger. ""Creating quality housing is hard work and we are doing it here in Boston.""The highest standards of universal design possible will be met throughout the new building and site to accommodate residents of all physical abilities. The building will meet LEED Silver, Energy Star, and Enterprise Green Community standards. Pedestrian enhancements will create pathways and sitting areas from Chestnut Hill Avenue through the existing JCHE campus to the Commonwealth Avenue Green Line. In addition, 3,000 sq. ft of ""place-making"" ground level commercial space in the new building will invite the community onto the JCHE campus.""Today is another reminder of the positive impact that can be made when leaders at all levels of government partner with great organizations like the JCHE,"" said Councilor Mark Ciommo. ""A city is judged by how well it treats the most vulnerable among us, and this investment to provide affordable housing for our seniors, especially those who have previously been chronically homeless, reflects the commitment that Boston has to finding solutions for those in need.""Total development cost for this new building is $23 million, and was made possible in part by a $2.25 million investment by the City of Boston, $3.025 million in funds from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in addition to both State and 9 percent Federal Low Income Housing Tax Credit allocations, a $2.25 million permanent loan from the Massachusetts Housing Partnership, and $14.4 million in construction financing and $14 million in tax credit equity from Wells Fargo. In addition, the project received a donation from the Harry and Jeanette Weinberg Foundation.Today's announcement builds on therecent releaseof Boston'slatest quarterly housing report, which highlights gains in stabilizing the housing market, accommodating housing growth and increasing affordability.Since the 2014 implementation of the City's housing planHousing A Changing City: Boston 2030, 13,551 new units of housing have been completed. With an additional 8,412 units currently under construction, the City has secured housing for an estimated 25,000 residents, making significant progress in meeting Boston's rapid population growth.This project received overwhelming support from the community, local businesses and nonprofit organizations. It will also revitalize a portion of Boston's Brighton community, bringing the entire vacant site back to productive use.###"
Open Newbury Street and Convite Internacional Banilejo, both taking place in Boston on Sunday, July 23, will result in traffic and parking impacts. Attendees are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles into Boston for these events. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.Open Newbury StreetNewbury Street, from Arlington Street to Massachusetts Avenue, will be closed to vehicular traffic from 10 AM to 6:30 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday temporary parking restrictions will be in effect at the following locations.Convite Internacional BanilejoThe following streets in Jamaica Plain will be closed to vehicular traffic from 9 AMto 7 PM, and Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 8 AM to 7 PM temporary parking restrictions will be in effect at the same locations.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Richard C.Lyndswith Linear Retail to demolish a funeral home at 9 Chelsea Street, a three-story mixed-use townhouse at 144 Maverick Street, a three-story mixed-usetownhouse at 146 Maverick Street, and a two-story mixed-use building at 148 Maverick Street in East Boston. The full addresses are 9 Chelsea Street, 144 Maverick Street, 146 Maverick Street, and 148 Maverick Street, East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 29, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Antonio Ferrara with HUB Development LLCto demolish the single-storyauto repair building located at 5201-5205 Washington Street in West Roxbury. The full address is 5201-5205 Washington Street, West Roxbury,MA 02130We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 30, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Well, that was a quick year.It seems like only yesterday we launched our pilot site (with 5 pages in total!). We now have close to 30,000 pages on Boston.gov maintained in part by more than 30 content authors from across the City contributing to the site.Just like any other 1 year old, weve learned a lot in the past year, both from our successes and our failures. In honor of this anniversary, we decided to reflect back on some of the Digital Teams highlights since launching Boston.gov last July.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and My Brother's Keeper Boston, in partnership with The Boston Foundation, yesterday announced the nine organizations in Boston have been selected to receive a combined total of $50,000 in funding through the My Brother's Keeper mini-grant program. The program,which launched last August, is designed to support local organizations and entities who work to help maximize MBK's impact in improving outcomes for young men of color.""We know that our young people need opportunities to thrive, and MBK paves for way for young men of color to succeed. This grant program supports mentorship, creative discussions and activities by nonprofits and organizations,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I congratulate all of this round's grant recipients, and look forward to our continued partnership to ensure our young men have every opportunity to thrive.""""MBK Boston is proud to promote a collective action agenda to uplift black and brown boys,"" said Conan Harris, Executive Director of My Brother's Keeper Boston. ""The MBK mini grants will enhance programming, connect grassroot efforts, and disseminate the promising practices of our local on-the-ground partners who know our neighborhoods and young people.""The following organizations were selected to receive awards:""We are pleased to continue our partnership with Mayor Walsh in the My Brother's Keeper Initiative,"" said Orlando Watkins, Vice President of Programs for the Boston Foundation. ""This roster of grantees again demonstrates the creative and diverse ways that community organizations are working to expand opportunities for young men of color in the city - and we commit our continued support.""""Madison Park Development Corporation (MPDC) received a mini grant from the City of Boston's MBK initiative,"" said Abrigal Forrester, Director of Communication Action, MPDC, which received a grant through the previous cycle. ""This funding has provided additional support for MPDC's efforts to serve black and brown boys participating in our youth workforce programs. Through this funding we conducted focus groups and feedback sessions with young males, which is guiding the program deliverables for MPDC's Youth Empowerment & Advancement Mentoring (YEAM) program going forward.""The goal of the program is to support mentorship, creative discussions and activities by nonprofits and organizations who will direct their efforts toward helping young people of color reach these milestones:In February,Mayor Walsh announced the recipients of the first roundof the MBK Boston Mini Grant program, which supported 10 local organizations through grant funding totaling $50,000.Last month, Mayor Walsh and the national My Brother's Keeper Alliance (MBK Alliance) for a Solution Session to introduceMBK Boston's newly appointed advisory board, and celebrate leaders supporting the work of MBK. One of the youth leaders of MBK and a newly appointed member of the board includesDevin Edwards, an active member of MBK Boston who grew up in the City of Boston and is now working to connect other young men of color with opportunities available to them through the program.Since it was first established, MBK Boston has:Mayor Martin J. Walsh launched MBK Boston in September 2014, accepting President Barack Obama's MBK Community Challenge as part of theWhite House My Brother's Keeper (MBK) initiativeto create positive pathways for youth, especially boys and young men of color. Over the past two years, Mayor Walsh established the MBK Boston Advisory Committee which led engagement within the community and developed a set of guiding recommendations to support milestones across education, employment, public safety and second chances. To learn more about MBK Boston or to get involved, visitboston.gov/mbk."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca today announced the selection of five neighborhoods that will join the Neighborhood Slow Streets program in 2017. The Neighborhood Slow Streets program is a community-based effort to reduce speeds and improve the quality of life on Bostons local streets. The following five neighborhoods will work with the Boston Transportation and Public Works Departments to plan and implement their Neighborhood Slow Streets projects:The Neighborhood Slow Streets program brings us closer to achieving Vision Zero by proactively lowering speeds on streets where Bostonians live, play, and travel, said Mayor Walsh. This initiative is a great collaboration between city agencies and communities that delivers traffic calming results that will make our neighborhoods safer.The Boston Transportation Department received applications from 47 different communities across 16 of Bostons neighborhoods. Each proposed area went through a scoring process that considered where vulnerable populations live and where more crashes were occurring. BTD used objective criteria that included the number of households with youth under 18, the percentage of the population aged 65 or older, the number of crashes per mile within the area, and the presence of parks, libraries, and transit. The five selected communities were among the top-scoring of the nearly 50 zones evaluated.This program not only improves safety on our streets, it also brings great quality-of-life benefits, said Commissioner Fiandaca. Im grateful for everyones hard work on their applications this year. I look forward to working in partnership with the five selected communities.BTD anticipates planning work to begin in the five new communities this year. The Neighborhood Slow Streets process calls for a community walk to kick off the process, allowing residents to identify key challenges and areas where residents would like to see changes. When completed, the selected Neighborhood Slow Streets areas will be equipped with visual and physical cues to slow drivers to 20 MPH, making each street feel more inviting for people of all ages who are walking, playing, or bicycling.So many communities stepped up to partner with the City on this important work, said Chris Osgood, Chief of Streets and Acting Commissioner of Public Works. Providing a clear, simple way to participate and a transparent selection process are examples of the ways that we continue to embrace the ethos of Go Boston 2030 as we implement that plans many projects and policies.Mayor Walsh announced in May a commitment to increase Boston's Vision Zero investment by $1 million in Fiscal Year 2018 (FY18) to $4.1 million, dedicated to Boston's Neighborhood Slow Streets program.Todays announcement builds on work already underway in the two pilot communities as traffic-calming plans go into construction at the Talbot-Norfolk Triangle in Dorchester and the Stonybrook neighborhood of Jamaica Plain. Construction work is anticipated to begin in August or September.Details about this years process, including the evaluation methodology and scores for each proposed area, are available at boston.gov/neighborhood-slow-streets. Information about applying for the next round of Neighborhood Slow Streets zones will be made available in early 2018.This initiative is part of Go Boston 2030, the City's strategic transportation plan, will invest $709 million over the next five years to implement safer streets, more reliable and predictable transportation, and improved transportation access for residents.Vision Zero, the City's plan to eliminate fatal and serious traffic crashes in Boston by 2030, leads Boston's strategy to reduce injuries for pedestrians and cyclists. Key Vision Zero accomplishments include lowering the City's default speed limit to 25 MPH establishing dedicated, protected bike lanes launching the Neighborhood Slow Streets program and making pedestrian and cyclist safety a focus when planning major roadway construction. Earlier this month, the first Vision Zero annual report was released, detailing additional investments.BTD works with communities throughout the year to plan, design, and implement transportation projects large and small. For more information about our work, visit boston.gov/transportation.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Robert Patton Spruill to demolish five garage structures located at 88 Lambert Avenue in Roxbury. The full address is 88 Lambert Avenue, Roxbury, MA 02119.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 28, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from George Stamatos to demolish the single-family dwelling located at 7 Wise Street in Jamaica Plain. The full address is 7 Wise Street, Jamaica Plain, MA 02130.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 28, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced theHousing Innovation Lab, which began as an Innovation Team within the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics funded by Bloomberg Philanthropies, will become a permanent office in the City's Department of Neighborhood Development (DND). The permanence of the lab will allow the team to build on the success of its first year in exploring ideas to bring down the cost to build, buy and own homes in the City of Boston.""Boston is a city for everyone -- and to make sure everyone can afford to live in Boston, we need innovative solutions,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Housing Innovation Lab has played an important role over the past year in testing new approaches to solve Boston's housing challenges, and I look forward to more creative initiatives that will help increase housing affordability and housing stability for Boston residents.""Mayor Walsh announced the creation of the Housing Innovation Lab in the fall of 2015.""Over the last year we have worked with residents, community organizations, universities and developers to generate and test creative solutions to the city's housing needs,"" said Marcy Ostberg, Director of the Housing Innovation Lab. ""We recognize that we have only scratched the surface and we are thrilled to have the opportunity to continue this important work.""During its first year, the team engaged with housing experts and Boston residents to gather and generate potential ideas to address the problem of high cost housing in Boston. They have taken on initiatives related to density, compact living, alternative housing models and homebuying. Some initiatives include experiential engagements such asthe Urban Housing Unit, an idea generatingdesign and build competition, and piloting new zoning tools likethe density bonus. The permanence of the lab will allow the team to take what was learned from these pilot initiatives to scale and tackle other drivers of housing costs that have yet to be addressed.As outlined in the Mayor Walsh'sHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030plan, demographic projections show Boston's workforce growing by 26,600 households between 2010 and 2030-a nearly 13 percent increase over all. To meet this growing demand, the Department of Neighborhood Development and the Housing Innovation Lab will work more closely to examine how to best and most efficiently create the needed 20,000 workforce housing units by 2030.The Lab was initially funded through an Innovation Team grant from Bloomberg Philanthropies. There are nearly 20 ""i-teams"" across the world using Innovation Delivery practice to work with their mayors to tackle the city's most pressing challenges. The Bloomberg Philanthropies i-team will build upon lessons learned from the Housing Innovation Lab andpivot to Third Spaces, places located between ""home"" (our first space) and ""work"" (our second space) that contribute to Boston's collective well-being. Third Spaces include everything from parks to barbershops to places of faith, and are the places where we as Bostonians welcome, connect, and create with others.To learn more about the Mayor's Housing Innovation Lab visit theirwebsiteand follow them onTwitter.The Housing Innovation Lab began as a collaboration between the Department of Neighborhood Development and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics. The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics serves as Mayor Walsh's civic innovation group. Formed in 2010, New Urban Mechanics pilots experiments that offer the potential to significantly improve the quality of City services. To learn more about its work, follow the office onTwitteror visit their department page.TheCity of Boston is one of 20 cities around the world participating in Bloomberg Philanthropies' Innovation Teams program. The program aims to improve the capacity of city halls to effectively design and implement new approaches that improve citizens' lives. Innovation teams function as in-house innovation consultants, moving from one mayoral priority to the next. Using Bloomberg Philanthropies' tested Innovation Delivery practice, i-teams help agency leaders and staff through a data-driven process to assess problems, generate responsive new interventions, develop partnerships, and deliver measurable results. For more information on Innovation Teams, please visit theirwebsite."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, joined by members of the Mayor's Disability Housing Task Force, today announcednew accessibility policiesthat will increase access to housing opportunities for people with disabilities in Boston. The Task Force spent 18 months outlining challenges and identifying ways to improve housing access, and these new policies are the direct result of that work. The Task Force's work marks a key deliverable of MayorWalsh's housing plan, which is committed to ""acquire a better understanding of the needs of the disability community, and to establish both production targets and procedures to make it easier for people with disabilities to occupy accessible housing.""""When we talk about making our city a fair and equitable place to live, we need to make sure that we are inclusive of all Bostonians, including those with disabilities.,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I commend the members of this Task Force for their energy, passion, and willingness to have frank conversations with us about how we could do better. These new policies will go a long way in making Boston more accessible to all.""According to the most recent data from the American Community Survey, approximately 75,000 people - nearly 12 percent of Boston's population - have a disability of one type or another. Accessible housing is one of the most important needs of people with disabilities, especially Boston's 22,000 non-elderly persons with ambulatory disabilities, 9,800 non-elderly persons with visual disabilities, and 7,400 people with auditory disabilities. ""The housing crisis is very real for people with disabilities in Boston-- every day we work with people seeking those scarce units that are affordable and accessible,"" said Bill Henning,Director of the Boston Center for Independent Living. ""We commend Mayor Walsh for supporting these initiatives as part of a needed, methodical effort to create more housing options for all in Boston.""To ensure greater equity and access to housing for people with disabilities, the Task Force outlined three key goals:Achieving these goals will require significant collaboration across City agencies, including the Commission for Persons with Disabilities, the Department of Neighborhood Development, the Boston Planning & Development Agency, the City's Inspectional Services Department, the Department of Innovation and Technology, the Office of Housing Stability, and the Boston Home Center.The new accessibility housing policies will be implemented in phases, starting immediately and continuing through the next year. The key initiatives of these policies are outlined below:In addition, the Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) will increase the number of accessible income-restricted units produced via the the Inclusionary Development Policy (IDP), requiring that in buildings already creating accessible units, 15 percent of the income-restricted units also be accessible.The City will also create a loan fund to assist families developing Accessory Dwelling Units for use by a disabled family member in one of the three pilot neighborhoods planned for expedited zoning and permitting of these units.The Boston Home Center will assess the feasibility of a loan program that provides gap funding for qualified owner-occupants of 1- to 4-family residential properties who do not qualify for the state's already extant HOME Modification Loan Program. This potential new loan product would aid homeowners in making accessibility improvements to their homes for themselves or their tenants.Members of the Task Force include:Kristen McCosh, Commissioner, Commission for Persons with DisabilitiesSheila Dillon, Chief of Housing and Director, Department of Neighborhood DevelopmentBill Henning, Executive Director, Boston Center for Independent LivingSally English, Director of Services, Boston Center for Independent LivingCharleen Regan, Housing and Community Development ConsultantValerie Fletcher, Executive Director, Institute for Human Centered DesignRemoun Jourdan, IL Outreach Advocate, Multi-Cultural Independent Living Center of BostonBarbara Chandler, Senior Advisor on Civil Rights and Fair Housing, MBHP Don Bianchi, Senior Policy Advocate, Massachusetts Association of Community Development Corporations,Rachel Heller, Director of Public Policy, Citizen's Housing and Planning AssociationCharles Hollins, Director of Advocacy, Bay CovePatricia Cooper, Vice President Housing Development, VinfenKevin Martone, Executive Director, Technical Assistance CollaborativeJohn Winske, Executive Director, Disability Policy ConsortiumKristin Craig, Case Worker, Spaulding Rehab HospitalAlexis Buckley, Affirmative Marketing Specialist, Office of Fair Housing and EquityGabrielle Vacheresse, Home Start IncRob Consalvo, Deputy Director, Boston Public SchoolsPrataap Patrose, Deputy Director for Urban Design, Boston Planning & Development AgencyMarc Mallard, Member, National Alliance on Mental IllnessDonna Grady, Member, Boston Center for Independent LivingOlivia Richard, Member, Boston Center for Independent LivingJanice Ward, Advocate, Mass ADAPTSue White, Director of Affordable Housing, Vinfen"
"Building on Boston's commitment to create an affordable city for all, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today releasedthe City of Boston's latest quarterly housing report for the quarter ending June 30, 2017.The report details the City's significant gains in stabilizing the housing market, accommodating population growth, and increasing affordability. Since the 2014 implementation of the City's housing planHousing A Changing City: Boston 2030, 13,551 new units of housing have been completed. With an additional 8,412 units currently under construction, the City has secured housing for an estimated 25,000 residents, making significant progress in meeting Boston's rapid population growth. The City remains on target to meet the production goals outlined inHousing A Changing City.Additional key takeaways from the quarterly plan include:From April 2017 to June 2017, the City set a new 20-year record for the number of units permitted in a single quarter. The 1,684 new units permitted in Q2 2017 puts Boston at 128 percent of its target for permitting to date.Of the 13,551 new units of housing completed, 40% are affordable for low and middle income households.Nearly 40 percent of permitted units are scheduled to be available to low- and moderate-income households when complete.With 120 new low-income units permitted this quarter, Boston is now at 94 percent of its target rate to create 6,500 new low-income units by 2030. Mayor Walsh is focused on ensuring that Boston is an equitable city by supporting thoughtful growth, while building a housing supply that is affordable to residents across all income levels, allowing Boston to capitalize on its talented and growing workforce. To that end, nearly 40 percent of permitted units to date are scheduled to be available to low- and moderate-income households when complete. More than 4,000 of these units have long-term affordability protections in place. Boston has among the largest shares of designated affordable housing than any peer city deed-restricted affordable housing comprises nearly 20 percent of Boston's total housing stock.""Addressing rising housing costs is critical for preserving the diversity and character that makes Boston a place where all residents can thrive,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We've seen some remarkable growth in our population over the last several years, and our goal is to lift up every neighborhood across the city by stabilizing the housing market and providing all residents and their families affordable options.""""The City's future is dependent upon meeting the needs of an evolving workforce,"" saidState Senator Joseph A. Boncore, Senate Chair of the Joint Committee on Housing. ""Through the 2030 plan, Mayor Walsh ensures the development of affordable housing for young professionals and working families, guaranteeing Boston remains the Commonwealth's economic engine.""Making sure growth benefits everyoneThe City of Boston has pursued policies that encourage the production and maintenance of deed-restricted low- and middle- income housing. These policies include improvements to the Inclusionary Development Policy (IDP), continued strong collections of Linkage payments, the reuse of surplus City parcels as locations for affordable housing, and passage of the Community Preservation Act.""Mayor Walsh has marshalled his administration's resources to make strides in confronting Boston's housing challenges,"" said State Representative Kevin G. Honan, House Chair of the Joint Committee on Housing. ""In particular, the increases to inclusionary and linkage requirements, as well as the adoption of the Community Preservation Act, are examples of how municipalities can proactively address our housing needs. I applaud Mayor Walsh for being a leader on these efforts.""The Walsh administration continues to leverage strong growth in the market rate sector for the benefit of all of its residents. In Fiscal Year 2017, the City collected $54 million in revenue to be used for affordable housing, an increase of $20 million over FY15 and prior fiscal years. These increases were possible through increased collections from private, market-rate development. For example, through the City's Inclusionary Development Policy, the average annual amount of affordable housing funds raised from new private residential development has risen significantly -- from an average of $8.5 million from 2011-2014 to an annual average of $17.6 million from 2015-2017. In 2016, Mayor Walsh signed a new Executive Order increasing the amount of funds and units private developers must commit to affordable housing in Boston. Since taking office, Mayor Walsh has committed more than $100 million to fund the creation of affordable housing in Boston.""Since the launch of the Mayor's housing plan, I've been impressed by the administration's commitment to making sure that everyone benefits from Boston's growth,"" said Joe Kriesberg, President of the Massachusetts Association of Community Development Corporations.""In a time of uncertainty about federal and state funding for affordable housing, Mayor Walsh has been able to dramatically increase resources for affordable housing from $30 million per year to over $50 million with more to come from the Community Preservation Act. That commitment and those resources have helped to create four thousand new homes that are affordable to people of low and moderate incomes. While there is much more to do, this is a remarkable accomplishment.""New low-income housingThe City currently has more than 3,100 new low-income units permitted and in the pipeline. With 120 new low-income units permitted this quarter, the city is now at 94 percent of its target rate to create 6,500 new low-income units by 2030. Of the low-income units permitted to date, 369 have been set aside for homeless individuals and families. Record-setting production of middle income housing2017 is projected to be a strong year for production of housing affordable to the middle class. Based on estimated affordability, 452 units of middle income housing were permitted in Q2 2017.To date, 6,926 units of housing affordable to the middle class have been permitted. Of these, 2,087 are deed restricted, and will maintain their long term affordability.Of the total middle income units permitted, 4,148 units have been completed to date. Student housingIn addition to creating new housing across income segments, the City has also been working to preserve and recapture all possible units of housing for Boston's workforce. To that end, Mayor Walsh's housing plan calls for the creation of 16,000 new undergraduate dorm beds by 2030, with the intention of reducing the number of students in private housing by 50 percent. To date, 5,664 new dorm beds have either been completed or are in construction -- a rate of 172 percent of target for the current time in the plan.The production of dorm beds in Q2 of 2017 was extremely strong, with 812 new beds permitted against a target of 235.""New developments, such as Northeastern University's latest dorm project, mean that Boston's students have quality living spaces, while returning important housing stock to the private market,"" said Carol Ridge Martinez, Executive Director of the Allston Brighton Community Development Corporation. ""We commend the Walsh Administration on its transparency through this process, publishing reports like this on a quarterly basis so that we can measure the progress towards these goals. And we are confident that this administration will be able to keep the dialogue open with our colleges and universities so that they build more dorms for undergraduate students and take some of the pressure off of our neighborhoods.""Bringing new jobs to BostonThe current housing boom has also had a positive benefit for Boston's economy, creating more than 22,800 jobs in the construction sector. About Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030By the year 2030, Boston will reach more than 700,000 residents, a number the City has not seen since the 1950s. Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030 is the Walsh Administration's comprehensive housing plan to reach 53,000 new units of housing at a variety of income levels across the City.About Imagine Boston 2030Imagine Boston 2030 is building onHousing a Changing Cityby identifying areas where continued growth can occur and where additional growth beyond the 53,000-unit target can take place. This growth will create a release valve for existing neighborhoods that are seeing pressure on housing prices. Other initiatives include: working to increase the overall housing supply, deploying tools to support the preservation of affordable housing citywide, putting forth an anti-displacement package that will create and preserve affordable housing, and preventing eviction, link housing and transportation and supporting homeownership. For more information included in the plan, please visitimagine.boston.gov."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launched a citywide public service announcement throughout Boston to raise awareness of how bystanders can address public harassment andIslamophobia. Starting today, over the next two weeks 50 posters will be placed throughout Boston on public furniture, such as bus rest stops. The posters provide a step-by-step guide to diffusing situations where an individual may be facingIslamophobia, or any other type of harassment.""These posters are one tool we have to send the message that all are welcome in Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Education is key to fighting intolerance, and these posters share a simple strategy for engaging with those around you.""The posters were designed by an artist,Maeril, in Paris after November of 2015, and gained popularity online. The posters, designed as a cartoon, encourage bystanders to engage with those who are being targeted because of their appearance or beliefs, engaging victims in conversation to draw attention away from the harasser. The technique described in the cartoon is called ""non-complementary behavior,"" which disempowers the attacker by countering their expectations.""This initiative couldn't come at a better time,"" said Suzan El-Rayess, Civic Engagement Director at the Islamic Society of Boston Cultural Center. ""We encourage all of our fellow Bostonians to apply the approach in these posters to anyone targeted -- whether Muslim, Latino or otherwise. The posters are yet another sign that our Mayor and his administration envision a city welcoming to all community members. We are proud of our Mayor and our city.""The Mayor's Office was approached by Thea Colman, whose sister had worked with San Francisco's Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) to have versions of the poster installed throughout their system. Working with Coleman, the Mayor's office approached Maeril, the artist, to adapt her design for use in Boston.""This campaign is designed to encourage de-escalation, offering a peaceful way to address harassment that bystanders may witness in public,"" said Faisa Sharif, Boston's South End, Bay Village liaison and City-wide Somali Neighborhood Services liaison within the Mayor's Civic Engagement Cabinet. ""This is a proactive, inclusive strategy anyone can use if they see harassment around them, and is another way Boston supports an inclusive city that welcomes each and every person."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launched a citywide public service announcement throughout Boston to raise awareness of how bystanders can address public harassment andIslamophobia. Starting today, over the next two weeks 50 posters will be placed throughout Boston on public furniture, such as bus rest stops. The posters provide a step-by-step guide to diffusing situations where an individual may be facingIslamophobia, or any other type of harassment.""These posters are one tool we have to send the message that all are welcome in Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Education is key to fighting intolerance, and these posters share a simple strategy for engaging with those around you.""The posters were designed by an artist,Maeril, in Paris after November of 2015, and gained popularity online. The posters, designed as a cartoon, encourage bystanders to engage with those who are being targeted because of their appearance or beliefs, engaging victims in conversation to draw attention away from the harasser. The technique described in the cartoon is called ""non-complementary behavior,"" which disempowers the attacker by countering their expectations.""This initiative couldn't come at a better time,"" said Suzan El-Rayess, Civic Engagement Director at the Islamic Society of Boston Cultural Center. ""We encourage all of our fellow Bostonians to apply the approach in these posters to anyone targeted -- whether Muslim, Latino or otherwise. The posters are yet another sign that our Mayor and his administration envision a city welcoming to all community members. We are proud of our Mayor and our city.""The Mayor's Office was approached by Thea Colman, whose sister had worked with San Francisco's Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) to have versions of the poster installed throughout their system. Working with Coleman, the Mayor's office approached Maeril, the artist, to adapt her design for use in Boston.""This campaign is designed to encourage de-escalation, offering a peaceful way to address harassment that bystanders may witness in public,"" said Faisa Sharif, Boston's South End, Bay Village liaison and City-wide Somali Neighborhood Services liaison within the Mayor's Civic Engagement Cabinet. ""This is a proactive, inclusive strategy anyone can use if they see harassment around them, and is another way Boston supports an inclusive city that welcomes each and every person."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, members of Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) and the City of Boston's Public Facilities Department today celebrated the reopening of the BCYF Paris Street Community Center and dedication of the Anthony Albano Basketball Court with a ribbon cutting ceremony and basketball court dedication that was attended by community members and elected officials. This $12 million, two-year renovation highlights Boston's $55 million Capital Plan investments in BCYF projects since 2016.""For over 100 years this center has been the heart of the community -- and now it's ready to serve East Boston residents for another 100 years,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This renovation is a great example of how we're enhancing our community spaces to meet the changing needs and populations of our residents. I look forward to residents enjoying all the facilities this center has to offer.""The renovation of the center includes interior upgrades of all mechanical systems and boilers, window replacements, exterior and interior door replacements, athletic facility improvements, teledata upgrades and new furniture and equipment. Among the new features are a new teen center, a dance studio, a community room, new exercise spaces, a rock climbing wall, and an entire new floor of programming space. Technology improvements include a computer lab with 26 computers, wifi throughout the building and large screen TVs. A batting cage was also installed thanks to a partnership with the Red Sox Foundation and the Major League Baseball Foundation.BCYF Paris Street Community Center is open seven days a week,Mondaythrough Saturday,6:30 a.m. to 9 p.m.and Sunday,9 a.m. to 5 p.m.During the reopening celebration, the gym was dedicated to the late Anthony ""Tony"" Albano who impacted thousands of youth during his more than 40 years of service to East Boston High School.""I can't think of a more fitting tribute to a man that impacted so many lives in East Boston,"" said longtime friend and City Councilor Sal LaMattina. ""When I was a kid, my friends and I would always watch Tony Albano and the other older guys play basketball. They were our first sports heroes but his contribution went beyond being a sports mentor to us. He helped so many kids stay in school he'd give kids money so they could buy their prom dresses or rent tuxedos, he'd call me all the time on behalf of a student that needed help. This will be a great tribute to a great man.""""Growing up in the Maverick projects as an underprivileged youth, our father always credited sports as an outlet to compete in a safe, structured environment,"" said Anthony Albano, Jr. ""His participation in sports is what kept him off the streets and focused on something positive. Decades later, the Paris Street Community Center still serves that important role for so many youth and young adults in our neighborhood.""BCYF, the City of Boston's Public Facilities Department, and Fennick McCredie Architecture collaborated closely with Boston Building & Bridge Corporation, the general contractor, on this project. With the renovation of this center, nearly all BCYF centers in free-standing municipal buildings - those not in shared space within BPS school buildings - have been renovated at least once in the past decade.""I'm so excited for our gym to reopen,"" said Ervin Lemus, age 19, a longtime BCYF Paris Street Community Center member who spoke at the event. ""Paris Street is a second home for a lot of youth and we can't wait to be back.""Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Boston's largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayor's Summer Jobs Program."
John F. Collins served two terms as Bostons mayor from 1960-1967. During this time, Collins endorsed programs aimed at rebuilding parts of the City considered old, neglected, and in disrepair. These redevelopment programs changed much of Bostons landscape in the 1960s. The programs also reflected a national interest in urban renewal. Cities across the country were askingfor government funds to redesign their neighborhoods.In Boston, some neighborhoods were demolished to make room for new spaces like Government Center. The Mayor John F. Collins records here at the archives include materials about urban renewal and the Government Center planning. The archives also holds records about the design of the City Hall building in Government Center (shown above under construction). To learn more about City Hall, check out our tumblr post here!Government Center was a major part of Mayor Collinss citywide redevelopment strategy. In 1959, consulting partners Adams, Howard, and Greeley drafted a report that recommended locations forPage 11 from the report (above) shows an aerial view of Scollay Square.The area would eventually become Government Center.This message was sent by the Housing and Home Finance Agency to Mayor Collins in 1960. It shows how the City received an advance of $185,731 to begin its Government Center urban renewal project. Federal money partially subsidized the Citys plan for a modern civic center downtown. With loans of more than $21 million, the City bought all but one of the properties in Scollay Square for Government Center by 1962.Urban renewal also affected neighborhoods outside of downtown Boston. The mayors redevelopment strategy included:Today, there are mixed responses to Mayor Collinss programs.Shown here is the back cover of a booklet given to City leaders by Mayor John F. Collins. The booklet promoted his urban renewal program for the City of Boston.This blog post is by Archives Intern Alejandra Dean. Alejandra is a graduate student concentrating in archives management at the School of Library and Information Science, Simmons College.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Robert Burk to demolish the three-family residencelocated at 807-809 River Street in Hyde Park. The full address is 807-809 River Street, Hyde Park, MA 02136We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 24, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture today announced a series of new artwork is now on display at Boston City Hall, including four new art exhibitions and three new murals. This effort is part of Mayor Walsh's commitment to creating a City Hall that is a vibrant public space and is welcoming for all.""City Hall Galleries have been an incredible success, showcasing the work of local artists both to City employees and to everyone who comes into City Hall to conduct business,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""It's a great example of how we continue to incorporate the arts into everything we do as a City, elevate and value the contributions of individual artists, and also provide opportunities for artists to showcase their work to a wider audience.""The new art exhibitions represent a diverse mix of artistic mediums, and include:A Summer Proposal:Boston City Hall:features the work of eight Boston and Cambridge based artists who have created pieces for Boston City Hall using various mediums including film, sound, video, ceramic and painting. Inspiration for their work comes Kallmann McKinnell & Knowles' architectural design of the building, constructed in 1968. The eight artists, all who teach at local universities and colleges, include Azra Aksmija, Mark Cooper, Sheila Gallagher, Andy Graydon, Nick Montfort, Ben Sloat, Mary Ellen Strom and Deb Todd Wheeler. The show is part of an ongoing series of exhibitions featuring guest curators from Greater Boston's leading cultural organizations announced as part of the Boston Creates Cultural Plan. The exhibit is on display throughAugust 18in the Scollay Square Gallery and third floor lobby of City Hall, and is curated by Paul C. Ha, director of the MIT List Visual Art Center.Saturn's Transit:A Selection of Journal Entries:features cut paper organized into imagery as a result of the artist's process of mindfulness.The work is excerpted from a larger series of journal pieces based on current events and the artist's personal anxieties. The exhibit is curated byJeremy Hetherington, a Boston-based industrial designer and artist, and will be displayed in the fifth Floor Mayor's Gallery throughAugust 11, 2017.Sail Boston:Celebrates June 2017's ""Sail Boston,"" photographer Kevin Davis will showcase images from Sail Boston 2000, Op Sail Boston 2009, Op Sail Boston 2012, Op Sail Philadelphia 2015, Gloucester Schooner Festival, Camden Windjammer Festival, and Boothbay Windjammer Festival. These photos will be displayed in the second Floor Mayor's Neighborhood Gallery fromJuly 15 - August 30, 2017.Historic Artifacts from the City's Archaeology Laboratory:features artifacts found in sites that record Native American history of Shawmut and contribute to the history of Boston and our nation. The laboratory serves as part of the City Archaeology Program, founded in 1983, that supports Boston as the ""City of Archaeology,"" by protecting below-ground cultural resources in the City, educating the public on archaeology through various city programs, and managing Rainsford Island, one of the City's most important historic holdings. The exhibit is curated by City of Boston staff archaeologist Joe Bagley, and will be on display throughJuly 30, 2017in the Mayor's Display Case on the 5th floor of City Hall.More information about the upcoming exhibition in the City Hall Galleries can be foundhere.In addition to the City Hall Galleries, Mayor Walsh announced the unveiling of three new murals at Boston City Hall. Two murals depicting Boston's circles, squares, and corners were installed on the seventh and eighth floor of City Hall. In addition, a mural that serves as a backdrop for City Hall weddings faces the City Clerk's office on the sixth floor.In collaboration with Boston Property Management and DCL Ltd., Heidi Schork, Director of the Mayor's Mural Crew, designed ""Circles of Boston"" (floor 7) and ""Squares of Boston"" (floor 8), which are a colorful and modern take on various beloved and recognizable iconic neighborhoods, such as Codman Square, Audubon Circle, and Upham's Corner. Schork also collaborated with the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics to create a backdrop for those who get married in City Hall at the City Clerk Office on the 6th floor. The mural was produced as part of the New Urban Mechanics' Married in Boston project, a photography series that highlights weddings at City Hall. People who use the backdrop are invited to use the hashtag#MarriedInBostonon social media.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's Cultural Plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program (BostonAIR) curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information go to:www.boston.gov/artsThe cultural plan is a ten year plan for supporting arts and culture in the City of Boston. It was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen Boston's cultural vitality over the long term. The full cultural plan can be found online athttp://plan.bostoncreates.org."
Over the past year, weve engaged more than 15,000 Bostonians, learning about the issues that matter most to them as they envision their city in 2030. During that time, residents took time to attend workshops, complete surveys, make edits to various draft, and much more. Now, Mayor Martin J. Walsh is thrilled to present the final Imagine Boston 2030 plan!To celebrate the launch of the final document, Mayor Walsh hosted a Launch Party and Showcase in Uphams Corner in Dorchester. Hundreds of residents came out to celebrate the citys first city-wide planning process since 1965.The event included an interactive exhibit that featured hands-on ways to engage with the plan. The Showcase was displayed in the old Bank of America building, originally the Dorchester Trust Company.Also announced, this building will be the future geographic location of the new Uphams Corner Library! Please note that the vision for this new library will require a separate community process and the existing physical structure (555 Columbia Road) will be discussed as a part of this planning process.The showcase allowed residents to interact with the plan in different ways and created an opportunity for residents to learn about how Imagine Boston intersects with other planning processes and departmental work to shape the future of Boston. Included with the Imagine Boston 2030 display were several other city initiatives includingGoBoston 2030,Climate Ready BostonandGreenovate, theBoston Planning and Development Agency, andBuildBPS. All of the citys initiatives feed into and inform Imagine Boston 2030 to ensure consistency and collaborative planning across all city departments. The showcase also included aStory Labhosted by theMayors Office of New Urban Mechanicsthat included a view of the Imagine Boston document, in virtual reality!The Launch Party included a block-party style celebration with live performers, food trucks, a beer garden with lawn games, city department tables and booths, local businesses, theImagination Playgroundand other family-friendly activities, arts, live music and poetry,BostonCreatesat the Strand Theater, food trucks, and more! The main stage included a speaking program featuring, Mayor Martin J. Walsh, IB2030 Director, Rebekah Emanuel, Senator Linda Dorcena Forry, DSNI Director Juan Leyton, and community activist Bob Haas. Chief of Housing Sheila Dillon and BPL President David Leonard were also present.Finally, the event included walking tours of the Main Streets, a trolley to and from the JFK/UMass, and a historic tour of North Dorchester Burying Ground.Did you miss this event?You can watch the speaking portion of the eventhere. Check out morepictures here!We would like to thank our friends below for participating in this event and for continuously supporting Imagine Boston 2030:You can read the finalImagine Boston Planby downloading it or you can check it out at your neighborhood branch of the Boston Public Library, BCYF, or Main Streets office.To skim the document,click hereto check out our storymaps!As always, we ask you to share your voice and connect with us onTwitter,Facebook, andInstagramusing#ImagineBoston. And dont forget to sign up for Imagine Bostonsupdates!Imagine Boston 2030 is Bostons first citywide plan in over 50 years, that prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood in Boston.
"Addressing one of Boston's most complex challenges, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today presented Boston's first citywide Resilience Strategy. Boston's Resilience Strategy is focused on ensuring every resident can reach their full potential regardless of their background, and removing the barriers of systemic racism that hinder Bostonians from having access to opportunities. The Strategy was developed as part of the Boston's participation in the 100 Resilient Cities - Pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation (100RC) network and has been led by Boston's Chief Resilience Officer (CRO), Dr. Atyia Martin, in addition to extensive community and expert input.At a roundtable discussion at the Thelma D. Burns Building in Roxbury, Mayor Walsh, Chief Resilience Officer Dr. Martin, leaders from 100RC, and other City stakeholders released Resilient Boston: An Equitable and Connected City, which outlines visions and goals, built upon a racial equity framework, to achieve a more resilient Boston.""True resilience requires us to go beyond treating the symptoms of inequality, to changing the structures that produce it,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""To be a strong city, we must learn to understand one another, break down the systemic racism of our history, and advocate for the rights of every Bostonian. We will build a resilient Boston - prepared to confront the many challenges of the 21st century - upon a foundation that protects equal opportunity for everyone.""Resilient Boston: An Equitable and Connected City identifies recommended visions and goals, built upon the racial equity framework, to achieve a more resilient Boston. They are:City of Boston staff and Dr. Atyia Martin have worked for nearly two years with more than 11,000 Bostonians to develop this comprehensive strategy. The ambitious strategy reflects a cross-collaborative, non-traditional and inclusive approach to developing solutions. Resilient Boston breaks down silos, uses data to inform decision-making, ensures that programs and policies are developed using a racial equity lens, and is an important pillar of Imagine Boston 2030, the first citywide plan in 50 years, which was launched just this week.""The release of Resilient Boston is the culmination of a collaborative, inclusive Citywide process to identify and root out the causes of inequity across our city,"" said CRO Dr. Atyia Martin. ""We have developed a bold and innovative strategy to address systemic racism and plan ahead for the many challenges our City will face in the decades to come. We will work neighborhood by neighborhood to take action to build the resilience of every Bostonian.""""We applaud Mayor Walsh, Dr. Martin, and the City of Boston in taking this important step,"" said Michael Berkowitz, President of 100 Resilient Cities. ""We look forward to continuing our partnership with the City as the vision of this strategy is implemented throughout the city, and creating a model for how cities can tackle the interconnected issues of race and equity along with long-term planning.""""Boston's commitment to framing a resilience strategy through efforts to address systemic racism stands out as a revolutionary step in urban planning,"" said Otis Rolley, 100 Resilient Cities Regional Director for North America. ""We're honored to support this comprehensive work as Bostonians reaffirm their commitment to fostering social cohesion, establishing equal opportunity, and protecting justice for everyone.""The release of Resilient Boston follows the release of The Blueprint in November 2016, a preliminary framework for how the City of Boston intends to approach removing the barriers of racism that hinder Bostonians from having access to opportunity and support to thrive from childhood to retirement. The Blueprint was accompanied by the launch of ongoing citywide dialogues about racism, in partnership with the Hyams Foundation.In August 2015, Mayor Walsh announced Dr. Martin as the City of Boston's first CRO, a position created to lead resilience efforts to help Boston prepare for, withstand, and bounce back from the ""shocks"" - catastrophic events like floods, infrastructure failure and acts of terrorism - and ""stresses"" - slow-moving disasters like persistent racial and economic inequality, lack of affordable housing and unemployment - which are increasingly part of 21st century life. A member of the 100RC network since 2014, Boston's resilience-building efforts place a unique focus on social resilience in a city affected by historic and persistent divisions of race and class. View the full report online.The Mayor's Office of Resilience and Racial Equity leads efforts to help Boston plan for and deal with catastrophes and slow-moving disasters - like persistent racial and economic inequality - that have become part of 21st century life. For more information about the office, please visit the Resilience website.100 Resilient Cities - Pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation (100RC) helps cities around the world become more resilient to social, economic, and physical challenges that are a growing part of the 21st century. 100RC provides this assistance through: funding for a Chief Resilience Officer in each of our cities who will lead the resilience efforts resources for drafting a Resilience Strategy access to private sector, public sector, academic, and NGO resilience tools and membership in a global network of peer cities to share best practices and challenges. For more information, visit the 100 Resilient Cities website."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that executive coach, author and speaker Priscilla Douglas has been appointed to the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees. Douglas was sworn in on Tuesday, June 27, at City Hall, and fills the vacancy of Carol Fulp, who departed the Board in February 2017. Priscillas professional career includes key executive positions in government, academics, and business, for many of which she was the first woman and the first African American appointment.Priscilla Douglas has a distinguished history of public service at both the state and national levels, and the City of Boston is honored to have her join Boston Public Librarys Board of Trustees and utilize her knowledge and expertise to further our iconic institutions important work, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh.On behalf of my fellow Trustees, we are thrilled to welcome Priscilla Douglas to the Board and are confident her extensive experience in both the public and private sectors will be a tremendous asset to the Boston Public Library, said Robert Gallery, Chair of the BPL Board of Trustees.""I am honored to be appointed a Trustee of this treasured institution.The Boston Public Library has been a place of discovery and engagement for me, andI am eager to contribute to its future. I especiallyappreciate the Librarys contributionto the cohesiveness and quality of life in Boston, and hope to help it remain vibrant and relevant now and in its next hundred and fifty years, said Priscilla Douglas.The Boston Public Library Board of Trustees establishes policies and sets the strategic goals of the library, oversees the general operating and administrative policies, and acts as an agent of public trust governing the library. The BPL Board of Trustees works together with the library president to carry out responsibilities that involve governance and policy-making, financial and development oversight, and the work of strategic planning.Priscilla brings over thirty years of experience from leadership roles in business and government to her firm PHDouglas & Associates which helps leaders achieve breakthrough results. Priscilla co-chaired the International Womens Forum Conference in 2015 that welcomed 828 leaders from 30 countries to Boston. Priscilla has worked with individuals and teams in the automotive, financial services, and technology industries, as well as in government, bringing real-world experience and thought leadership from the public and private sectors to client engagements.Previously, as a White House Fellow, she served as a Special Assistant to William H. Webster, Director of the FBI. For the Commonwealth of Massachusetts she held two key positions: as Assistant Secretary for Public Safety she launched the Governors Task Force on Domestic Violence and instituted Hate Crimes Tracking, and as Secretary of Consumer Affairs and Business Regulations she led consumer protection and regulatory reforms. In addition, she successfully introduced the techniques of total quality management across the Commonwealth, which led to an invitation by the Australian Parliament to keynote the launch of their quality initiative.Priscilla was an instructor in the MA program for Harvard University Radcliffe Seminars, and taught courses in management, leadership and organizational behavior. She introduced seminars to bring the voice of women in business and in politics to her students. While at General Motors, she worked closely with the originator of the quality movement, Dr. W. Edwards Deming. At Xerox she designed a knowledge sharing engagement process and curriculum that was deployed globally.Priscilla Douglas holds master of education and bachelor of science degrees from Northeastern University and an Ed.D from the Harvard Graduate School of Education, where her thesis was accepted with distinction. Honors include a Distinguished Service Award from the Wellesley College Center for Research on Women, an Abigail Adams Award, and her service as a White House Fellow.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org."
This post was written by the Department of Innovation and Technology's CIO, Jascha Franklin-Hodge. It was originally posted to Medium on July 12, 2017.Every Boston resident deserves access to fast, affordable broadband options. Getting more people connected creates a more equal, innovative, and prosperous City.Weve worked hard to foster competition and choice in our broadband marketplace. Weve already begun making strides -- last year, Verizon announced that they will begin offering Fios service in Boston. More and more households can chose their internet service provider, with five broadband companies offering service in the City.We value the people of Boston, and we think broadband companies should too. Broadband customers should be able to choose what content to access without their Internet Service Provider acting as a gatekeeper or toll taker. An open Internet puts consumers in the drivers seat, where all websites, apps, and online services compete on a level playing field.To maintain this, we need a pro-consumer regulatory framework for broadband services. This framework must include elements that safeguard the privacy of our constituents, advance the availability of affordable broadband service for those with limited means, and protect the open Internet.Right now, the protections that guard the open Internet are at risk. Under pressure from a few large telecommunications companies, the FCC is poised to abandon their regulatory authority.On May 18, 2017, the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) voted 2-1 to begin the process of eliminating the regulatory framework upon which consumers across the country rely to protect the open Internet. Called the Open Internet Order, the current regulatory structure was put in place by the FCC in 2015 and classifies broadband as a common carrier telecommunications service under Title II of the Telecommunications Act of 1996.These protections are often described as Net Neutrality. In its most basic sense, Net Neutrality means that all lawful content on the Internet must be treated equally. Title II endows the FCC with the critical responsibility of ensuring that broadband companies operate accordingly. Without Title II or an equally strong regulatory framework, broadband companies cannot be held accountable.The fate of Title II will soon be in the hands of our elected and appointed officials. We respectfully request that our representatives consider how important enforceable Net Neutrality is to our City. A free and open Internet benefits our constituents and is vital for our economic and civic growth.A free and open Internet means that upstart news and video streaming services arent forced to pay ISPs for fast lanes. The cost of this fast lane would inevitably be passed to consumers, and would make it harder for companies and organizations without deep pockets to reach people.A free and open Internet helps our business community compete on a global scale. The businesses of every size that make Boston a hotbed of innovation deserve the chance to get products and ideas to market. Enforceable Net Neutrality protects these businesses from unnecessary barriers and fees.A free and open Internet empowers our constituents to engage with and represent the diverse ideas, cultures, and voices that make our City and our nation great, and it facilitates the free expression that is the cornerstone of our democracy.The tools and services brought about by the Internet have enriched our lives, boosted our economy, and created new opportunities for civic participation. Thoughtful regulation is essential if we are to maintain and build on these benefits. The FCC and our elected officials should put consumers first, not a few big corporations, and reject the rollback of rules that protect the open Internet.
Ajit PaiChairmanFederal Communications Commission445 12th St SWWashington, DC 20554July 12, 2017Dear Chairman Pai:Our nations residents benefit immensely from an open internet, which drives innovation and economic growth across every segment of American society. Net neutrality rules recognize the importance of maintaining a level playing field for all internet content  regardless of the creator or owner  to be enjoyed by all users, regardless of their internet provider. For this reason, the U.S. Conference of Mayors has consistently advocated for strong federal actions on this issue across two federal administrations.This message has been consistent and simple. Be it through the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) or through legislative action, the U.S. Conference of Mayors first called in 2014 for nationwide internet protections that enforce the following nondiscrimination principles:In 2015, the FCC enshrined these same principles of free and open internet service into law, through the reclassification of internet service under Title II of the Communications Act.On May 18th, the FCC voted to consider full repeal of Title II and net neutrality rules. The FCCs proposal poses a significant risk of stifling American innovation and harming local economies across the country.Net neutrality is a pocket book issue for American households. Full repeal would have a particularly negative impact on middle and working class families, while simultaneously restricting access to certain types of online content and services to those who cannot afford to pay more. When internet providers restrict access to certain types of content and services and charge residents for the luxury of accessing information and services online, we are all less free to participate in the modern economy. For these and many other reasons, repealing these crucial protections will prove disruptive for our residents, our families, our small businesses, and countless others including nonprofits, schools, and libraries.Additionally, technology startups depend on net neutrality to gain fair and competitive access to customers. A repeal of net neutrality rules could see innovative solutions from these startups relegated to the background as entrenched internet providers steer consumers to established solutions that can afford to pay for privileged status. Our cities depend on a thriving startup community to drive innovation and our continued economic growth.The FCC must maintain and enforce the 2015 Open Internet Order, to ensure the principles of openness, freedom, and innovation continue to drive the American economy into the twenty-first century.Sincerely,Edwin M. Lee, Mayor, City and County of San FranciscoBill de Blasio, Mayor, City of New York, New YorkMartin J. Walsh, Mayor, City of Boston, MassachusettsMuriel Bowser, Mayor, District of ColumbiaEd Murray, Mayor, City of Seattle, WashingtonRahm Emanuel, Mayor, City of Chicago, IllinoisAllison Silberberg, Mayor, City of Alexandria, VirginiaDana Kirkham, Mayor, City of Ammon, IdahoBen Kessler, Mayor, City of Bexley, OhioMelvin Kleckner, Town Administrator, Town of Brookline, MassachusettsDeborah Frank Feinen, Mayor, City of Champaign, IllinoisAndy Berke, Mayor, City of Chattanooga, TennesseeMary Casillas Salas, Mayor, City of Chula Vista, CaliforniaKim McMillan, Mayor, City of Clarksville, TennesseeJohn Woods, Mayor, Town of Davidson, North CarolinaLucy Vinis, Mayor, City of Eugene, OregonLioneld Jordan, Mayor, City of Fayetteville, ArkansasWilliam McLeod, Mayor, Village of Hoffman Estates, IllinoisArchibald L. Gillies, Chairman, Islesboro Board of Selectmen, Town of Islesboro, MainePeter D'Errico, Chair of Select Board, Town of Leverett, MassachusettsChris Beutler, Mayor, City of Lincoln, NebraskaEdward J. Kennedy, City of Lowell, MassachusettsPaul Soglin, Mayor, City of Madison, WisconsinAlex Morcos, Mayor, City of Medina, CaliforniaBetsy Hodges, Mayor, City of Minneapolis, MinnesotaHans Riemer, Council Vice President, Montgomery County, MarylandJennifer Gregerson, Mayor, City of Mukilteo, WashingtonMegan Barry, Mayor, Metropolitan Nashville & Davidson County,TennesseeJon Mitchell, Mayor, City of New Bedford, MassachusettsDavid J. Narkewicz, Mayor, City of Northampton, MassachusettsLibby Schaaf, Mayor, City of Oakland, CaliforniaGreg Stanton, Mayor, City of Phoenix, ArizonaTed Wheeler, Mayor, City of Portland, OregonTom Butt, Mayor, City of Richmond, CaliforniaRon Nirenberg, Mayor, City of San Antonio, TexasSam Liccardo, Mayor, City of San Jose, California and Member, Federal Communications Commission Broadband Deployment Advisory CommitteePauline Russo Cutter, Mayor, City of San Leandro, CaliforniaZach Friend, Vice Chair, Santa Cruz County Board of Supervisors, Santa Cruz County, CaliforniaTed Winterer, Mayor, City of Santa Monica, CaliforniaJoanne Dittes Yepsen, Mayor, City of Saratoga Springs, New YorkGary R. McCarthy, Mayor, City of Schenectady, New YorkPatricia Smith, Mayor, City of South Portland, MaineChristine Lundberg, Mayor, City of Springfield, OregonStephanie Miner, Mayor, City of Syracuse, New YorkMarilyn Strickland, Mayor, City of Tacoma, WashingtonDiane Wolfe Marlin, Mayor, City of Urbana, IllinoisWilliam D. Sessoms, Mayor, City of Virginia Beach, VirginiaJohn Heilman, Mayor, City of West Hollywood, CaliforniaJoe Dominick, Mayor, City of Westminster, MarylandGary Resnick, Mayor, City of Wilton Manors, Florida
Building on Bostons commitment to fostering an equitable, accessible environment for all residents and businesses, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today a signed letter with 50 cities urging the Federal Communications Commission (FCC) to maintain the current rules protecting the free and open internet. By prohibiting blocking, prioritization and other discriminatory practices, current FCC rules enforce openness, equity and nondiscrimination, and enable the internet to thrive as a platform for the innovation that drives the future American economy.A free, open internet is vital to residents and businesses throughout Boston, said Mayor Walsh. Net neutrality is one tool we have to create an equal playing field for all, and I stand with mayors throughout the U.S. to support an open internet.The letter, addressed to FCC Chairman Ajit Pai, reinforces the nondiscrimination principles first called for in a 2014 U.S. Conference of Mayors resolution:Boston has worked hard to ensure our residents and businesses have choice in the broadband marketplace -- five broadband companies offer service in Boston, and just last year, Verizon announced that they will begin offering Fios service in Boston, said Jascha Franklin-Hodge, Chief Information Officer for the City of Boston. Broadband customers should be able to choose what content to access without their Internet Service Provider acting as a gatekeeper or toll taker. An open Internet puts consumers in the drivers seat, where all websites, apps, and online services compete on a level playing field.The FCCs 2015 Order Protecting and Promoting the Open Internet under then-Chair Tom Wheeler reclassified internet service as a telecommunication service under Title II of the Telecommunications Act. The move came after a legal and regulatory process during which nearly four million people submitted comments, mostly in favor of strong open internet protections under Title II. This order established the net neutrality protections that exists today.Read the mayoral letter
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Solmon Chowdhury with Shanti Acquisitions LLC to demolish the carriage house located at 63 Perrin Streetin Roxbury. The full address is 63 Perrin Street, Roxbury, MA 02119We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 20, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Mark your calendar and bring your friends and family to a fun and free Neighborhood Block Party! Select Thursday nights in July and August from 5 - 7 p.m., the Mayor Martin J. Walsh Summer Block Parties will offer a variety of free activities. The events include music, a cookout, snow cones, activities, face painting, swimming (as indicated below), and resource tables from every department within the City of Boston Health & Human Services Cabinet. These departments will have lots of great information to share and giveaways.This summers schedule is as follows:July 13 Charlestown: BCYF Clougherty Pool and Doherty Park(swimming)July 27 South End: Peters Park, Washington StreetAugust 3 Mattapan: BCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center (swimming)August 10 South Boston: BCYF Condon Community Center (swimming)August 17 Roslindale: BCYF Flaherty Pool (swimming)August 24 East Boston: BCYF Paris Street Community Center and Pool(swimming)In the case of rain or other weather issues, please check the BCYF Facebook page or Twitter to check for cancellation. The Block Parties are generously supported by the Foundation for BCYF.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Yanni Tsipiswith Seaport D Title Hold LLC to demolish Our Lady of Good Voyage Chapellocated at 65 Northern Avenue in South Boston. The full address is 65 Northern Avenue, South Boston, MA 02210.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 20, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Eric Wehrenberg-Klee to demolish the single-car garage located at 47 HolbrookStreetin Jamaica Plain. The full address is 47 Holbrook Street, Jamaica Plain, MA 02130We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 20, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
The Central Library Renovation was a City of Boston capital project approved and executed under the leadership of Mayor Martin J. Walsh and in conjunction with the City of Boston Public Facilities Department and Boston Public Library. The project team includes architecture and design services by William Rawn Associates, Architects, Inc., construction manager, Consigli Construction Co., Inc., and owners project manager, PMA Consultants LLC.Boston Public Library is a place for all who seek educational opportunities and personal advancement, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. I am proud that the Central Library Renovation has been so well received by both the preservation, design, and construction communities, as well as library patrons and visitors who spend time in this grand civic space in increasing numbers.The Central Library project, completed in July 2016, features updates to the lower level, first and second floors, mezzanine, and the building exterior of the Johnson building. Goals of the renovation included reconnecting the building to the street and providing a welcoming and twenty first century urban library experience to patrons and visitors from around the world. Offerings include a state of the art lecture hall, business library and innovation center, a new Childrens Library and Teen Central, a WGBH satellite news bureau and studio, a caf, a hi-tech community learning center, and more.The Central Library Renovation has reinvented our building, reconnected us to the city, and transformed our library services, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library. These awards are a reflection of the thoughtful planning and engagement work we did with a multitude of stakeholders and partners as we developed a vision for an inviting, dynamic, and modern space, responsive to twenty first century urban civic life with a strong connection to the City.We are grateful and excited that the Mayor and people from all parts of the City have responded so enthusiastically to the civic transformation which took place one year ago at the Boston Public Library, said William Rawn, FAIA of William Rawn Associates, Architects, Inc.We are incredibly proud that the Central Library Renovation continues to be honored with such distinguished recognition, said Matthew Consigli, President of Consigli Construction Co., Inc. The Boston Public Library serves thousands of residents in our community every day, and the positive feedback we receive from library patrons is just as gratifying.The American Institute of Architects (AIA) and American Library Association (ALA) recognized the Central Library Renovation and the construction of the East Boston Branch of the Boston Public Library with 2017 AIA/ALA Library Building Awards. The AIA and the ALA developed this award program to encourage and recognize excellence in the architectural design of libraries. Both buildings were designed by William Rawn Associates, Architects, Inc. The awards were accepted at the ALA Annual Conference in Chicago in late June by Cliff Gayley, Principal, William Rawn Associates, Architects, Inc. and David Leonard, President, and Michael Colford, Director of Library Services, of the Boston Public Library.The Boston Preservation Alliance (BPA) Preservation Achievement Awards are bestowed annually to honor outstanding achievements in historic preservation and compatible new construction in Boston. These awards will be presented at the BPA annual event at Fenway Park on September 19.This spring, the Boston Society of Landscape Architects awarded Boston Public Library with the Merit Award for Design. The exterior landscape was designed by Reed Hilderbrand, under the guidance of William Rawn Associates, Architects, Inc.Boston Public Library received the Grand Prize for the Congress for the New Urbanism Charter Award for the Central Library Renovation on May 5. Since 2002, CNU's annual Charter Awards have recognized outstanding achievements in architectural, landscape, and urban design and planning worldwide. Regarded as the preeminent award for excellence in urban design, the CNU Charter Awards honors a select number of winners and honorable mentionsincluding one grand professional prize and one grand academic prize for students. Winning projects represent major contributions to building more equitable, sustainable, connected, healthy, and prosperous communities.In early May, the CMAA New England Chapter awarded Boston Public Library, PMA Consultants LLC, and Consigli Construction Co., Inc. with the CMAA Project Achievement Award in the Renovation/Modernization category, recognizing the transformation of the Central Library.On May 25, the Boston/Rhode Island sections of the Illuminating Engineering Society of North America awarded Boston Public Library with their Section Award. This award is inrecognition of professionalism, ingenuity, and originality in lighting design based upon the individual merit of each entry against specific criteria.On May 10, Preservation Massachusetts awarded Boston Public Library with the Paul & Niki Tsongas Award for Biggest Impact in an Urban Preservation Project. This years award program celebrated the projects and collaborative teams that embody the Power of Preservation by showcasing the importance, impact and invaluable nature of preservation across Massachusetts and nationwide.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.In addition to its civic projects (including three projects for the Boston Public Library and the new Cambridge Public Library), William Rawn Associates is best known for its music, theatre and dance projects (e.g. Seiji Ozawa Hall at Tanglewood) and its college and university work.
The Bastille Day Celebration, the Run to Home Base 5K and the Betances Festival will all take place in Boston this weekend. Traffic and parking will be impacted. Attendees are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles into Boston for these events. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.Marlborough Street, between Berkeley and Clarendon Streets, will be closed to vehicular traffic from 7 a.m.on Friday, July 14, through 7 a.m.on Saturday, July 15.Parking restrictions for this event will be as follows:Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event FridayMarlborough Street, both sides, Berkeley Street to Clarendon StreetThe run will begin on Saturday at 8 a.m.on Yawkey Way and finish at home plate in Fenway Park. Traffic will be delayed at intersections as 4,000 runners proceed along the following route: Yawkey Way, left onto Van Ness Street, left onto Ipswich Street heading east, left onto Boylston Street, left onto Massachusetts Avenue, over the Massachusetts Avenue Bridge, to the City of Cambridge, right onto Memorial Drive, turn around at Longfellow Bridge, heading west on Memorial Drive, under the Massachusetts Avenue Overpass, turn around prior to Vassar Street, heading east on Memorial Drive, right onto Massachusetts Avenue, returning to the City of Boston over the Massachusetts Avenue Bridge, right onto Boylston Street, right onto Ipswich Street, right onto Lansdowne Street, left into Gate C of Fenway Park.Parking restrictions for this event will be as follows:Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 12 a.m.to 12 NoonYawkey Way, both sides, Brookline Avenue to Van Ness StreetVan Ness Street, both sides, Yawkey Way to Ipswich StreetIpswich Street, both sides, Van Ness Street to Lansdowne StreetLansdowne Street, both sides, Brookline Avenue to Ipswich StreetBoylston Street, both sides, Hemenway Street to Massachusetts Avenue.On Saturday, July 15, beginning at 12 p.m., 200 people and vehicles will gather at Plaza Betances at 100 West Dedham Street. At 1 p.m., they will proceed on West Dedham Street, turn left on Tremont Street, left on Aguadilla Street, left on Tremont Street, left on West Newton Street, left on Shawmut Avenue, left on Pembroke Street, continue onto San Jan Street, left on Shawmut Avenue, left on West Dedham Street, and end at Plaza Betances.Parking restrictions for this event will be as follows:Tow Zone No Stopping Saturday and SundayAguadilla Street, both sides, Tremont Street to West Brookline StreetSan Juan Street, both sides, Shawmut Avenue to West Brookline Street
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of the final version of Imagine Boston 2030, the first citywide plan in over 50 years. Imagine Boston 2030 prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the city. In Upham's Corner, alongside representatives from nearly every city department, residents, community partners and elected officials, Mayor Walsh celebrated this milestone in Boston's history, which has been underway since fall of 2015 and has been shaped by the input of over 15,000 residents of Boston.The plan outlines how Boston is experiencing an economic and population boom, and with that brings an opportunity to provide additional pathways for economic mobility and avenues to improve quality of life throughout the City, while boosting affordability and resiliency.Demonstrating to residents his commitment to making these visions a reality, Mayor Walsh announced that the Imagine Boston 2030 showcase event site on Columbia Road will be the future site of the $18 million Upham's Corner library branch. The Upham's Corner Branch opened at its current location at 500 Columbia Road in 1904.Upham's Corner serves as an example of Imagine Boston 2030's concepts carried out to enhance the city's neighborhoods, with investments being made in the Upham's Corner library branch and Mary Hannon Park, which will receive a $896,000 investment through the $2.08 billion FY18-FY22 Imagine Boston Capital Plan. As part of the event, residents were able to participate in interactive exhibits that showcased various planning efforts underway and brought to life how this plan will continue to be implemented moving forward.""Welcoming thoughtful growth, keeping residents in their neighborhoods, and preserving our culture and identity will make Boston a thriving city for generations to come,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Imagine Boston 2030 provides a roadmap for just that. With the help of all the residents who offered their feedback, Imagine Boston sets a course for the future, guides our growth and builds on our existing strengths. I look forward to seeing our vision come to life in every neighborhood in our city.""""Imagine Boston provides a framework to capitalize on the distinct identity of each neighborhood and take steps to enhance the quality of life in every corner of Boston,"" said Rebekah Emanuel, Executive Director of Imagine Boston 2030. ""The focal points of the plan offer insight as to how we can build up our communities in ways that are forward-looking and chart a course for the city's long-term growth.""Imagine Boston 2030 identifies five action areas to guide Boston's growth, enhancement and preservation and is paired with a set of metrics that will evaluate progress and evaluate successes.Enhance neighborhoods: Improve urban vitality and affirm each neighborhood's distinct identity by investing in the public realm, strengthening neighborhood services and connectivity, and encouraging opportunities for development.For example, in Upham's Corner, the City will strengthen the community's historic main street fabric, emphasizing economic mobility and local innovation, fostering local arts, preserving affordability, and preventing displacement.Encourage a mixed-use core: Encourage a dense, walkable core in our job centers where more people live, work and gather.For example, in the Shawmut Peninsula, historic preservation, strategic growth, and public realm investments can support an active mixed-use vision, including developing a Shawmut Peninsula 2100 Plan that considers major infrastructure projects, land use, and policies.Capital Plan investments include: $20 million for Commonwealth Avenue Phase 2A for improving walkability, bikeability, roadway realignment for transit.Expand neighborhoods: In six transit-accessible areas at the edges of existing neighborhoods, guide new housing and commercial growth, supported by public realm and climate investments. Plans for each of the expanded neighborhoods will integrate land use regulations and capital investments and will be guided by community planning processes:Sullivan Square: A walkable, mixed-use center for the innovation economy that builds on momentum of nearby economic activity and transit access.Capital Investments include: Rutherford Ave Redesign ($14.8M) - Addressing climate, active transportation, congestion North Washington St Bridge ($165M) - Connecting Charlestown more easily to the rest of the city, improving mobility Climate Ready Charlestown study for climate protections in Sullivan Square.Newmarket and Widett Circle: An area where critical industrial uses will be preserved and strengthened, while transit-oriented job and housing growth will enhance connections to neighboring areas.Fort Point Channel: An active, urban waterfront where mixed-use development and a vibrant public realm transform how Downtown and the South Boston Waterfront meet and how Bostonians interact with the water.Capital investments include: South Bay Harbor Trail ($4.2M) - Allowing active transportation and recreation and connecting parts of our citySuffolk Downs: A lively, mixed use community, including quality transit and open space that responds to the surrounding marsh and river environment.Readville: A center for 21st century manufacturing that creates quality jobs, and encourages transit-oriented development.Capital Investments include: Wolcott Square traffic signal improvements ($1.4M) - proactively addressing safety and congesting, which are foundational to everything else in Readville.Beacon Yards: A new transit hub and center for innovation, research and housing that expands the boundaries of the core west.Create a waterfront for future generations: Create a waterfront for all Bostonians by activating open spaces, connecting neighborhoods to the waterfront, creating sustainable funding models, and investing in proactive climate planning and infrastructure.Imagine Boston will do this by activating an urban waterfront in Fort Point Channel and South Boston waterfront, support large connected open spaces at Beacon Yards, foster signature open spaces such at Suffolk Downs, connect neighborhoods to the waterfront through the completion of the Emerald Necklace, encourage a modern, industrial innovation district at Raymond L. Flynn Marine Park, and develop climate resilience plans.Capital investments include: Northern Ave Bridge to create safe, reliable, accessible transportation Martin's Park ($7.0M) - Creating an accessible park along the waterfront to invest in new open spaces for kids and families.Generate networks of opportunity in the Fairmount Corridor: Expand access to opportunity and reduce disparities in the neighborhoods along the Fairmount Corridor through coordinated investments in transportation, neighborhood vibrancy and education.The plan identifies ways to invest in enhanced neighborhood Main Streets and transit station areas, improve transportation connections, frequency and experience for riders along the Fairmount/Indigo Line, support job growth and training in transit accessible areas, invest in quality pre-K and K-12 education for the growing school-aged populations in the corridor, invest in Franklin Park and Columbia Road, and implement anti-displacement policies to ensure that existing communities benefit from investments.Boston is prioritizing affordability and anti-displacement along the corridor. Of the units in the current development pipeline along key portions of the corridor, 65 percent are affordable.The Imagine Boston 2030 plan is supported by the Imagine Boston Capital Plan, the City's five-year spending plan that will move Boston residents' priorities from idea to action, and invest in creating the city Bostonians imagine for the future. An estimated 77 percent of the investments in the FY18-FY22 Capital Plan are aligned with the City's planning efforts.In addition to investing in initiatives to begin achieving priorities laid out in the plan, Imagine Boston 2030 also establishes a set of goals and core metrics that will allow the City to track progress and evaluate success. The metrics will be evaluated on a yearly basis, and will measure progress towards: job creation, reducing emissions, walkability, reducing the wealth gap and more.""Imagine Boston 2030 lays out important strategies for addressing the challenges facing our neighborhoods, including access to quality jobs, promoting development without displacement, and addressing the severe wealth gap in our City,"" said Juan Leyton, Executive Director of the Dudley Street Neighborhood Initiative. ""DSNI will continue to work with the city to seek resources and investments necessary to implement these strategies and ensure that the residents who have fought so hard to improve their neighborhoods are able to live, work and play in Boston for many years to come.""""It's no easy feat to develop a coherent vision for a city of almost 700,000 people, but that's what this plan is. It's a compelling blueprint for how Boston can grow, while preserving the things that make our city special,"" said Marc Draisen, executive director of the Metropolitan Area Planning Council. ""As a regional planner, I know that Boston's new master plan sets a high bar and a strong example for other cities and towns in the region, and as a lifelong resident of Boston, I'm eager to get to work with Mayor Walsh on implementing this strong new vision for our future.""""The Fairmount Indigo Network wishes to thank the City of Boston and the Imagine Boston 2030 staff in recognizing many important community development and capital improvements necessary to improve the quality of life for residents of the Fairmount Line corridor neighborhoods of Roxbury, Dorchester, Mattapan and Hyde Park,"" said Allentza Michel, on behalf of the Fairmount/Indigo Network.The final Imagine Boston 2030 plan follows a two-year long process that engaged over 15,000 residents, who set the initial goals in Guiding Growth Toward an Inclusive City in March 2016 offered implementation ideas for Expanding Opportunity in November 2016, and helped refine these ideas through the release of the draft Imagine Boston 2030 plan in May.The final plan is supported by guiding principles and initiatives that bring together and build on the City's planning efforts, including Boston Creates, Go Boston 2030, Climate Ready Boston, Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030, BuildBPS, Economic Equity Agenda, Age Friendly Boston, Vision Zero, Boston's Resilience Strategy and more. The initiatives outline commitments around anti-displacement, immigrant advancement, climate planning and flood protection, universal pre-kindergarten, community planning and land use, and more.Read the final Imagine Boston 2030 plan"
"This morning, were highlighting our collection of Boston Almanacs. This 1836 Almanac was published by S.N. Dickinson, who ran a publishing business located at 52 Washington Street.Almanacs published weather predictions for each month, including the phases of the moon, and the times of sunrise and sunset. As well, the almanacs gave information about both weather and events from the previous year. This 1836 almanac gives the mean temperature for July of 1835. It also lists several notable events that occurred in July 1835. This includes a riot on Broad Street, a spirit gas explosion, a balloon ascension, and the sale price of the first peaches of the summer season.The Boston Almanac also included information about the Citys various institutions and municipal government bodies. The page above lists some of Boston's Fire Companies. In1836, the companies had names, such as ""The Lion,""or the ""The Eagle.""In addition to listing information about the Fire Companies, the Boston Almanac published a log of every Boston fire from the previous year. The page above shows a list of fires from May to September of 1835.In the months to come, we'll be sharing more content from our Boston Almanacs. Stay tuned!"
"BOSTON -Thursday, July 6, 2017- Confirming Bostons commitment to creating opportunities for Bostons students, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today hosted 2,000 Boston youth at the City's Fourth Annual Youth Enrichment Day. The event included an speaking program, with Mayor Walsh as the keynote speaker, followed by enrichment workshops for youth employees hired through the SuccessLink Mayor's Summer Jobs Program, held at Boston Universitys Agganis Arena. All students who participated in the Enrichment program will be employed by the City of Boston this summer.As a City, we're proud to recognize our hardworking teens and the commitment they've made to grow this summer, said Mayor Walsh. Our young people have the power to change our City, especially through the Youth Lead the Change Participatory Budgeting Process. One of our top priorities is always finding new opportunities for youth to gain valuable experiences and skills to help build strong futures.""The theme of the event was Grab the Wheel and the remarks and workshops focused on the importance of seizing opportunities, taking on leadership roles and putting aside fear of failure or unfamiliarity.During the speaking program,the youth listened to talks from Mayor Walsh Boston Centers for Youth & Families Commissioner William Morales Bostons Chief of Health & Human Services, Felix Arroyo and Boston University Associate Provost and Dean of Students Kenneth Elmore.After the speaking program, students participated in professional and personal development workshops in Financial Literacy in partnership with Junior Achievement, and Trauma & Resilience: Knowledge, strategies & resources for managing stress and building resilience facilitated by the Boston Public Health Commission. The students who attended Youth Enrichment Day will be working across the City in a variety of jobs such as staffing summer camps and programs, working at Bostons museums and cultural locations, supporting businesses downtown and more. The workshops provided the youth -- many of whom have never worked before -- with the tools for success at work, how to make better decisions with the money they will earn and addressed the important topic of dealing with trauma with the older youth at the event.Working during the summer has introduced me to amazing people, taught me how to act in a professional setting and helped me decide what I want to do in the future, said Cheyenne Paterson, a 16-year-old student from Dorchester who attends Latin Academy.At Youth Enrichment Day, Mayor Walsh also announced the winning Capital projects to be funded by $1 million of the Citys budget. Boston youth ages 12-25 selected and voted on the projects through Youth Lead the Change. The projects to be funded are:""Get Hired"" Truck, A resource truck devoted to provide youth with the ability to search for jobs, build/modify resumes, and give them access to search and apply for jobsInformative Homeless Resources, a digital billboard displaying resources and job opportunities available to the homeless youthPerforming and Visual Arts Studio, a space where people of all ages can come together and create all types of artFuture Media Center, a space that would contain recent technology that would otherwise be unavailable to most studentsYouth Retail Space, a mobile retail space for youth entrepreneurs.Mayor Walsh has made youth summer employment a priority for his Administration, pledging to place 10,000 Boston youth in meaningful summer employment. In the fiscal year 2017 budget, Mayor Walsh allocated over $5 million to fund youth jobs through the BCYF Division of Youth Engagement & Employment. In addition to SuccessLink, several partnering organizations help the City to hire youth through the Mayor's Summer Jobs Program."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Paul Marks with Sumner Development Partners, LLC to demolish the two-family residencelocated at 387-389 Sumner Street in East Boston. The full address is 387-389 Sumner Street, East Boston, MA 02128We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 17, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Jacob Simmons with City Realty Group to demolish the two-family residencelocated at 26 Percival Streetin Dorchester. The full address is 26 Percival Street, Dorchester, MA 02122.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 17, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Summertime is typically synonymous with a lot of time spent outdoors. Barbecues, swimming at a local lake or beach, enjoying the Citys free outdoor fitness classes, exploring farmers markets and outdoor festivals, and the list goes on. Its a celebratory time of year to be engaging in the community with family and friends. Summertime can also be a dangerous season for a variety of reasons. We hope that you will plan ahead when scheduling activities and outings to stay safe. Below are some tips for you and your family to keep in mind this year. Happy summer!
Mayor Martin J. Walshs Movie Nights, part of the Boston Parks and Recreation Departments ParkARTS program, will give residents and visitors the opportunity to enjoy popular films under the night skies in 11 City parks in August and September.All shows begin at dusk (approximately 7:45 p.m.) and are sponsored by the Boston Parks and Recreation Department and Northeastern University in partnership with the Mayors Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment with media support by the Boston Herald and HOT 96.9. Additional support is provided by Lantana Hummus. Free popcorn will be provided by AMC Loews Theatres.Monday, August 7Almont Park, MattapanWall-EWednesday, August 9Fallon Field, RoslindaleSingThursday, August 10Town Field, DorchesterShaun The SheepMonday, August 14Doherty Playground, CharlestownStorksThursday, August 17Savin Hill Park, DorchesterE.T. The Extra-TerrestrialMonday, August 21East Boston Stadium, East BostonZootopiaThursday, August 24Hynes Playground, West RoxburyFinding DoryMonday, August 28Ringer Playground, AllstonThe Secret Life of PetsTuesday, August 29Ramsay Park, RoxburyMoanaThursday, August 31Iacono Park, Hyde ParkThe Angry Bird MovieFriday, September 8Frog Pond, Boston CommonHoney, I Shrunk the KidsFriday, September 22Frog Pond, Boston CommonTop GunFor more information please call 617-635-4505 or visit the Parks and Recreation Department online, or on Facebook.
Open Canal Street, the Chinatown Main Street Festival and the Hare Krishna Procession will take place in Boston on Saturday, July 8. Traffic and parking will be impacted. Attendees are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles into Boston for these events. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.Open Canal StreetCanal Street, between Causeway Street and Market Street, will be closed to vehicular traffic between 10 AM and 8 PM. Anthony Rip Valenti Way, between Haverhill Street and Merrimac Street will also be closed to traffic from 10 AM to 8 PM.Parking restrictions for this event will be as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event SaturdayCanal Street, both sides, Market Street to Causeway StreetAnthony Rip Valenti Way, both sides, Haverhill Street to Merrimac StreetFriend Street, both sides, Anthony Rip Valenti Way to Market Street/Merrimac StreetChinatown Main Street FestivalThe following streets will be closed to vehicular traffic from 7 AM to 6 PM for the Chinatown Main Street Festival.Hudson Street, between Kneeland Street and Beach StreetBeach Street, between Hudson Street and Tyler StreetOxford Street, between Beach Street and Essex StreetParking restrictions for this event will be as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event SaturdayBeach Street, both sides, J.F. Fitzgerald Expressway Surface Road to Washington StreetHarrison Avenue, both sides, Essex Street to Kneeland StreetHudson Street, both sides, Kneeland Street to Beach StreetOxford Street, both sides, Beach Street to Essex StreetTyler Street, both sides, Kneeland Street to Beach StreetHare Krishna ProcessionThe Procession will begin at 12 Noon with up to 500 participants who will gather on Cambria Street, between Boylston and St. Cecilia Streets, and march on Boylston Street, left onto Charles Street, entering the Boston Common at the Center Gate. Traffic will be briefly delayed at intersections to allow the marchers to proceed along the route.Parking restrictions for this event will be as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 6 AM to 2 PMCambria Street, both sides, Boylston Street to St. Cecilia StreetBoylston Street, even side, St. Cecilia Street to Dalton Street
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Boston will host free summer meals for students on City Hall Plaza July 5 through August 25. In collaboration with Boston Public Schools, Property Management, the Mayor's Office of Food Access and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, Mayor Walsh will welcome young people 18 and under to enjoy summer activities on City Hall Plaza and pick up a lunch at no cost. The program will run from 11:30 a.m. - 1:30 p.m., Monday through Friday on a first-come, first-served basis.""We know that for our students to succeed, they need resources to support them,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""That's why we're expanding the Summer Lunch program to Boston City Hall, which will allow even more students to participate in this important program. I encourage students this summer to visit one of free lunch sites available to them throughout Boston.""The City Hall Plaza summer meals site will enable young people working in and near City Hall including those who are part of Boston's Summer Jobs program to access a nutritious free lunch at no cost to them. While enjoying their meal, young people are invited to enjoy the picnic tables and other plaza furniture provided by Berkshire Bank.""We have to do all we can to ensure our students are healthy and ready to learn, and that includes outreach over the summer,"" said BPS Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""Having a centralized location at City Hall helps our ongoing mission of serving students breakfast and lunch at more than 100 sites throughout the City. I'd like to thank Mayor Walsh for supporting us in this important effort.""""Lunch on the Lawn"" is part of the Boston Public Schools summer meals program. The summer meals program is a USDA initiative that is administered in Massachusetts by the Department of Education. The Boston Public Schools will sponsor the site, in addition to over 100 other sites around the City. The program does not require pre-enrollment or registration, and there is no ID required to receive a meal. All young people 18 and under are invited to pick up lunch at summer meal sites throughout the City. The program has been in operation in Boston since 1996.""From parks to schools to City Hall, free meals will be available in over 100 locations in Boston this summer, and we look forward to serving all young people who come by a Summer Meals site,"" said Jaclyn Youngblood, a member of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics and site supervisor of the City Hall Plaza Summer Meal site.""Last summer, we served over 400,000 meals to young people, and this year, we're looking forward to reaching that number again,"" said Laura Benavidez, Executive Director of Boston Public Schools Food and Nutrition Services. ""These nourishing meals help ensure our young people are healthy in order to build upon their learning and enjoy their summer experiences here in Boston.""We create a map with a full list of open sites this summer. You can also visit the Boston Public Schools website,or text ""meal"" to 877-877 for more information."
Effective September 1, 2017, all persons performing Hot Work and Hot Work Fire Watches must have completed the NFPA Hot Work Safety Training and been issued their NFPA Hot Work Safety Certificate. All applications for Hot Work Permits in the City of Boston will not be processed without a NFPA Hot Work Safety Certificate number on them. If you do not have a certificate and are planning on performing work in Boston please register for the training session athttp://www.nfpa.org/training-and-events/by-topic/hot-workso you are able to obtain the required certification. For additional information you can contact the Fire Prevention Division at 617-343-3628.
We are pleased to announce the five communities who will join the Neighborhood Slow Streets Program in 2017:The five selected neighborhoods were among the highest-scoring. Generally speaking, they have higher than average percentages of households with children under 18, are near more public assets, such as schools and parks, have experienced higher than average crash rates on the zones internal streets, and are near more key bus routes and rail transit stops.
"In April of 1861, the Confederate Army fired on Fort Sumter, triggering the Civil War. By July 4 of that year, Union and Confederate armies had fought seven battles. The Union army was beginning a large-scale mobilization.In this atmosphere, Boston celebrated Independence Day. The Citys 1861 celebration emphasized the importance of the Union.The Citys official ceremony, as you can see above, included the songs, Stand by the Union and an Army Hymn. The Star Spangled Banner was also part of the event.A morning concert emphasized both the unity and diversity of the United States. Military bands played songs like Red, White, and Blue, and Our Flag. They also played the national songs of Germany, Russia, Italy, Ireland, and France. The concert honored the wide range of ethnic groups represented by the people of the United States.You can see a few of the tickets to various events above.The City expected its residents to be celebrating in full force. Officials warned Bostonians that, Police arrangements will be made to prevent the discharge of firearms, squibs and crackers, also mock processions, the blowing of horns, and other annoyances, and every facility will be extended by the Government for the rational enjoyment of the festivities of the day.""We hope you enjoy your July Fourth celebrations!"
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the BCYF Gallivan Community Center will close July 2 to undergo a $3 million dollar renovation. The BCYF Gallivan Community Center is a well-loved and well used community center and has not received a major renovation since the 1990s. Since 2016, BCYF has received a $55 million dollar Capital Plan investment in facility projects.This facility is very important to the community it serves and I know that you rely heavily on the community center for services, said Mayor Walsh. The capital project will result in a facility that you deserve and that can accommodate the programs you want.The scope of work includes replacing the roof and the gym floor, installing air conditioning in the gymnasium, upgrading the fire alarm system and emergency lighting, and upgrading the power outlets and select lighting. Exterior renovations include making the center more welcoming by removing security grates and repaving the parking lot. The project is expected to take 10-12 months.The Mayor made the announcement at the annual Gallivan Boulevard Unity Day. Unity Days were started in the 1980s in response to neighborhood tensions. The first Unity Day was held at Washington Beech Housing Development in Roslindale. The event was so successful that other developments began hosting Unity Days and now each BHA housing development holds its own annual Unity Day during the summer months featuring food, music, and activities for all ages.At the announcement, Public Facilities Department Director Tricia Lyons shared details about the renovations with the attendees. BCYF Administrative Coordinator, Jose Rodriguez informed the attendees that all summer programs will move to the BCYF Mattahunt Community Center in Mattapan and BCYF Deputy Commissioner Michael Sulprizio assured everyone that BCYF Gallivan Community Center memberships will be honored at any BCYF community center during the renovation. Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayors Summer Jobs Program.The Boston Housing Authority (BHA) is a public agency that provides subsidized housing to approximately 25,000 low and moderate income individuals and families. In addition to conventional public housing communities throughout Boston, BHA offers several rental assistance programs primarily through the use of federal and state funding. BHAs mission is to provide stable, quality affordable housing for low and moderate income persons to deliver these services with integrity and mutual accountability and to create living environments which serve as catalysts for the transformation from dependency to economic self-sufficiency.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today signed the City's $3.15 billion Fiscal Year 2018 budget, which through strong fiscal management and strategic savings initiatives allows for further investment in quality City services in neighborhoods across Boston, and builds on the success of existing City programs. During a signing ceremony hosted outside of a building marked by graffiti, Mayor Walsh joined members of his Cabinet and City staff, neighbors, community partners and local elected officials for the signing ceremony, that concluded with the graffiti busters team removing the graffiti from the wall.""This budget invests in our broadest vision of the future and in the details that support quality of life everyday,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Behind each line in the budget is a person and a neighborhood benefiting from these city services. It reflects the voices and the values of the people of Boston, and it is one that we can be proud of as a City.""The $3.15 billion budget proposal represents an increase of $148.5 million, or 5 percent, over the FY17 budget, and follows 27 City Council hearings that identified opportunities for further targeted investments, while still balancing sustainability and fiscal responsibility. Investments in this budget are made possible due to savings initiatives launched under this Administration such as reduced overtime hours, health care cost containment reforms, and lower debt service costs achieved as a result of the City's triple A bond rating.""The FY18 budget expands investment across City departments, improving fire safety, providing expanded learning opportunities to the City's children, and providing the resources to make our parks and streets safer and cleaner,"" said David Sweeney, Chief Financial Officer for the City of Boston. ""Because of Boston's robust economic development climate, the Mayor is able to build new firehouses, invest one billion dollars in school buildings, expand Vision Zero, and incorporate more Art into our public assets.""""As the Chair of the City Council Committee on Ways and Means, I was honored to lead the Council's review of this year's budget with a focus on providing a responsible and sustainable financial blueprint for our city,"" said City Councilor Mark Ciommo. ""In an era of gridlock and divisiveness at the federal level, and financial uncertainty in our state government, the City of Boston's duty to provide a stable fiscal outlook has never been more important. I have always said that a city's budget reflects its priorities this year's budget showcases Boston's commitment to its students, seniors, and safe streets for families across the city.""The Boston School Committeeapproved a $1.061 billion budget for the Boston Public Schools (BPS), which is projected to increase to $1.081 billion once collectively bargained cost increases are added, the largest appropriation in BPS history. That represents a projected $40 million increase since last year, and a $143 million increase since Mayor Walsh took office. In total funding increases for education surpasses all other areas combined. Funding directed to schools, will increase by almost 4 percent, a $25 million increase over FY17, even before employee collective bargaining increases are negotiated. In total, with this budget, staff levels at BPS will have increased by approximately 250 since Mayor Walsh took office in 2014.This budget includes:$14 million more in extended learning time to allow more than 15,000 additional students in 39 schools to receive 120 more hours of learning time, or the equivalent of 20 added school days a yearNumerous research-driven education investments and reforms, including expanding Excellence for All, adding pre-kindergarten (K1) seats, and providing supports to 3,000 students that have been identified as experiencing homelessness, in an effort to eliminate achievement gaps.Mayor Walsh's Administration will continue ensuring that city streets are clean by adding a full-time hokey (street cleaner) to every Public Works District, to help patrol neighborhoods, empty our litter baskets, and pick up trash. In addition, to improve safety and expand access to our streets, Boston is launching a citywide, multi-year campaign to bring all crosswalks, lane markings and bike lanes into a good state of repair.Other investments include:Two additional graffiti bustersto ensure Boston's neighborhoods remain clean. Through CityScore, Boston saw an increase in demand for graffiti removal beyond what current staffing levels could remove on timeAdditional building inspectorsto increase capacity to meet the growing demand for commercial and residential inspections. This will result in a reduction of inspection waiting time for residents and developers alikeTwo additional yard waste pickupsnext summer to better meet constituents' needs.Mayor Walsh will double the capacity of the Mobile Sharps Team to pick up more improperly discarded hypodermic needles, due to an increase in requests submitted through 311. Over 20,000 needles were collected by the team in 2016.Other investments in health and safety include:The budget supportsHousing a Changing City - Boston 2030, the Walsh Administration's comprehensive plan to accommodate Boston's rapid growth and stabilize the housing market over the next 15 years. By combining the City's annual $7.25 million general fund investment in housing with federal grants, state, grants and developer fees, the City leverages a wide variety of source to invest in the creation and preservation of affordable housing Citywide.Following on the successful creation of the Office of Housing Stability last year to assist Boston residents experiencing housing crises, programming will be expanded in FY18 by offering training for both landlords and tenants, developing a tenant orientation guide, and funding families in need of emergency placement.To support the Mayor's Action Plan to end chronic and veteran homelessness, Boston's Way Home, the the City will provide additional support services for veterans not eligible for veteran's affairs programs and modify the City's Homebuyer Financial Assistance Program to provide down payment assistance to veterans.As a response to federal funding cuts, the City will provide additional resources to BPHC to ensure that the city's homeless shelters continue to operate 24/7. Moreover, in recognition of the U.S Department of Housing and Urban Development's ""Housing First"" approach to ending chronic homelessness, the FY18 budget will support rapid rehousing programs that focus on helping households obtain permanent housing as quickly as possible.For more information about the budget, visit Boston's budget website. the City's new budget website that unlocks 860 pages of budget information in a new user-friendly platform. For more information about the budget process, please watch thisvideo."
Special events taking place as part of the City of Bostons annual July 4th celebration will require that vehicle traffic is prohibited and parking is restricted on select local streets in Boston. People coming into the City to enjoy the festivities are strongly encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. You can find more information online about Hubway, the regional bike-share service, and public transportation information can be found on the MBTA's website.Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Traffic and parking will be impacted on local streets in Boston as follows. The City of Bostons Police and Transportation Departments may make changes to this plan as necessary. Please check the City of Boston's website for the most up to date July 4th traffic and parking impacts on local roadways in the City.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Carol M. Wideman to demolish the garage located at 39 Mt. Everett Street in Dorchester. The full address is 39 Mt. EverettStreet, Dorchester, MA 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 7, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today hosted Municipal Leaders for Immigrant Advancement: Stronger Communities for All at the Edward M. Kennedy Institute for the United States Senate, a summit that brought together municipal government officials and advocates to share and explore local policies and programs that support immigrant communities.As part of the summit, leaders of 10 cities and towns throughout Massachusetts signed a joint proclamation affirming their support of immigrant communities living in their jurisdictions and recognizing June as Immigrant Heritage Month. This Proclamation asserts common principles for the municipalities of Massachusetts and remains open for additional signatories.""America has always been a Nation of Immigrants and Massachusetts a Commonwealth of Immigrants, and we will remain so,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Today we are joined together as leaders of cities and towns in Massachusetts to reaffirm our commitment to being welcoming communities, to lift up the great work each of us is doing in support of immigrant residents, and to make space for collaboration and the sharing of best practices moving forward. As local leaders we have a duty to act on behalf of the communities we serve, and when we come together, we have the ability to forge regional and national solutions.""""Ensuring our region remains welcoming to all residents is vital to the long-term economic health of Greater Boston,"" said Marc Draisen, Executive Director of the Metropolitan Area Planning Council (MAPC) in Boston. ""Cities and towns have asked for our assistance in navigating the impacts of federal policy on our immigrant communities, and we are committed to helping our municipal allies as well as law enforcement partners and local activists to stand up against threats to our values.""The Institute is honored to host such a meaningful conversation inside our Senate Chamber, said Jean MacCormack, President of the Edward M. Kennedy Institute. We are inspired by the collaborative and actionable nature of todays discussion, and hope it shows the important role that leaders from our government and active citizens can play in addressing the challenges facing immigrant communities from across the Commonwealth.The proclamation signing was followed by a panel moderated by Marcela Garca of the Boston Globe. Somerville Mayor Joseph Curtatone and Chelsea Police Chief Brian Kyes offered their perspectives as local government officials. Ivn Espinoza-Madrigal, Executive Director of the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights, and Irasema Garza from Oxfam America, discussed the potential of cities and towns to impact national policies and discourse related to immigrants. Breakout sessions focused on municipal actions across Massachusetts: leveraging local resources and building trust and safety within immigrant communities.""In the City of Boston and throughout Massachusetts, immigrants are vital contributors to our communities,"" said Alejandra St. Guillen, Director of the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement. ""Todays gathering of municipal officials to share ideas and viewpoints is an encouraging step forward. We will continue our work to help cities and towns throughout the Commonwealth develop and implement policies and programs that support immigrant communities.""I applaud Mayor Walsh for his commitment to addressing the needs of immigrant families, said Ivn Espinoza-Madrigal, the Executive Director of the Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights. As an immigrant and as an attorney representing communities in a constitutional challenge to President Trump's executive order against sanctuary cities, I know firsthand the importance of protecting and empowering all families and children. At a time of significant uncertainty and fear, I am honored to be a part of this powerful convening of elected officials, leaders, and community advocates who are joining forces in support of immigrant advancement.The initial Proclamation signers were:*Signed electronicallyThe proclamation is open for ongoing signatures by municipal government leaders. Interested officials can contact Diego Huezo, Government Affairs Specialist, Metropolitan Area Planning Council at dhuezo@mapc.org.The event was sponsored by the Mayors Office for Immigrant Advancement (MOIA), Metropolitan Area Planning Council (MAPC), Lawyers Committee for Civil Rights and Economic Justice, Oxfam America, and Edward M. Kennedy Institute for the United States Senate."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston will kick off the 36th annual Boston Harborfest at Faneuil Hall Marketplace onFriday, July 30 at 11 a.m.""Boston is the perfect place to celebrate our nation's independence,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Every year, Harborfest partners give residents and visitors the opportunity to celebrate Boston's unique history and diverse waterfront and harbor with exciting events and activities. I encourage everyone to attend this wonderful, inclusive event.""Boston Harborfest is a multi-day festival with activities celebrating American Independence, honoring the city's colonial roots, and showcasing Boston's vibrant harbor. Mayor Walsh will be joined by Rear Admiral Steven Poulin, First Commander, United States Coast Guard Sector Boston Commander Robert Gerosa, Captain, USSConstitution Pat Moscaritolo, President and Chief Executive Officer, Greater Boston Convention & Visitors Bureau Joe O'Malley, General Manager of Faneuil Hall Marketplace and Harborfest partners during the celebration to kick-off the festival.Residents, visitors and businesses are invited to participate in the patriotic opening ceremony, which will feature The 215 Army Band who will lead the crowd in singing the National Anthem, and the ceremonial cutting of the Harborfest cake. Mayor Walsh, Commander Poulin, and Commander Gerosa and special guests will use a cutglass (sword) to cut the cake, provided by Faneuil Hall Marketplace and created by Montilio's. National Park Service Park Rangers and Freedom Trail Players, dressed in 18th-century costume, will be on hand to offer historical information about Faneuil Hall and other sites along the Freedom Trail.Held fromJune 30 through July 4, Harborfest celebrates the colonial and maritime heritage of America's independence in Boston. Over the years, Harborfest has grown from a local event to a national celebration. In 1982 there were 35 activities over the course of three days. Now in its 36th year, Harborfest is considered to be the country's largest Fourth of July festival with hundreds of activities over a 5-day period at Boston's best landmarks.The family-friendly event includes the annual opening ceremony at Faneuil Hall, historical reenactments, Freedom Trail tours and historic sites' programs and events, activities along Boston Harbor, live entertainment, and much more. Harborfest will feature highlights at Christopher Columbus Park throughout the holiday weekend. Arts at Harborfest, a curated preview to the September Boston Area Festival, will return onSaturday, July 1followed by a performance from Sweet Harmony and a screening of Yankee Doodle Dandy.Sundaywill reintroduce Chowderfest where attendees may vote on the best creations from local restaurants. For more Harborfest information and a list of activities, please call617-439-7700or visit www.Bostonharborfest.com."
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) invites Boston girls to Girls Nights, a series of free girls-only events. All activities are designed to bring girls together in a safe, non-competitive environment where they can be themselves, meet other girls their age and engage with role models.Girls Nights also connect girls with resources and opportunities while they enjoy a positive and fun experience with their peers. Last summer over 1,000 girls participated in BCYFs Girls Nights.For more information on Girls Nights or to register, please e-mail Erika.Butler@Boston.Gov or call her at 617-635-4920 x2314. Updates and changes to the schedule will be posted on Boston.Gov/BCYF and twitter @BCYFCenters.BCYF serves thousands of young people throughout the summer through day camps and full day programs, teen-only and girls-only programs, sports and fitness programs, the BCYF Streetworker Program and family-friendly neighborhood block parties. Visit our website to learn more.
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is pleased to bring back the annual BCYF Fun Stops offering free, daily, drop-in activities at five locations in Boston through August 18.Children ages 8-14 are welcome to stop in and enjoy a variety of structured activities including board games, sports, arts and crafts and more from 12 noon to 5 p.m.* each weekday. No pre-registration is required, however, parents must fill out a brief waiver form that contains the necessary emergency contact information as well as allows youth to swim during scheduled times at the Fun Stop pool locations. Each Fun Stop is open on a first come, first serve basis, and is limited to 50 youth per day. Many of the Fun Stops are able to provide lunch through the Summer Food Service Program, but please confirm with the site. Fun Stops begin on July 10 and will continue through Friday, August 18.The Fun Stops are hosted in parks or open spaces adjacent to or near a BCYF community center. For more about the Fun Stops, contact the host community center listed below or visit Boston.Gov/BCYF:50 West Brookline Street, South End, 617-635-5162Bunker Hill Street, Charlestown, 617-635-51745 Mildred Avenue, Mattapan, 617-635-1328* operates from 2-8 p.m.Neponset Avenue, Dorchester, 617-635-5150113 Paris Street, East Boston, 617-635-5125/1410
Over the past twelve months, weve focused on a few key strategies, including supporting the work of individual artists, ensuring that city government is fully supportive of the cultural sector, and creating more spaces for arts and cultural throughout the city. Weve accomplished a lot and you can find a full listhere. Some of the highlights include:Designed to fund permanent public art in municipal construction projects, the Percent for Art Program will have a FY18 budget of $1.7 million dollars. In May, we announced acall for artistsfor public art at the Jamaica Plain Branch of the Boston Public Library, the first project announced under this program. Next up, well announce a call for artists at the Dudley Square Branch Library as part of the buildings upcoming renovation.We want to keep artists in Boston  and that means we need to invest in artists and make City government more accessible. To this end, a series of grants for artists were introduced including: theBoston Opportunity Fund, a monthly grant program for individual artists for specific needsa fellowship programoffering individual unrestricted grants to provide artiststhe resources they need to dedicate their time to their work and a series of matched savings grants and professional development workshops to artists in Boston.To date, more than $150,000 has been granted to over 80 individual artists. Additionally, in March, the Mayor appointed anArtist Resource Managerto serve as a liaison to local artists.We know that performance and rehearsal spaces continue to be a challenge for artists and arts organizations. In the upcoming weeks, the Boston Planning and Development Agency willrelease the Performing Arts Facilities Assessment, commissioned in response to the Boston Creates process, detailing the supply and demand for performing arts rehearsal and performance space. In the short term, the City of Boston debuted theAlternative Space Pilot Program, which collaborates with local companies and organizations including AT&T and Mass Eye & Ear to provide free rehearsal space to several organizations.TheBoston Artist in Residence Program (AIR)expanded significantly. Today, 10 Boston artists are working in Boston Centers for Youth and Families around the City. As artists in residence, they have been engaging diverse populations in cultural expression and infusing BCYF with new ideas about the role of the arts in their centers and in their neighborhoods.We are thrilled to see momentum in the cultural sector and many efforts outside of City Government show strong alignment with goals of the Boston Creates plan. A few examples are:The accomplishments of the first year are a testament to the leadership of Mayor Walsh. And as we look ahead to year two, we want to capitalize on this momentum, pivoting to take on more complex issues and work with more external partners. Some of the upcoming initiatives will include respondingto the performing arts facilities assessment partnering with the Boston Foundation to carry out a cultural equity study implementing the first of three arts innovation districts in Upham's Cornerand working closely with key partners to think carefully about long-term stewardship of the plan.Thank you for continuing to support the Boston Creates effort. We look forward to continuing to work with you to achieve the goals of the plan.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston will kick-off the 36th annual BostonHarborfestat Faneuil Hall Marketplace onFriday, June 30 at 11:00 a.m.""Boston is the perfect place to celebrate our nation's independence,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Every year,Harborfestpartners give residents and visitors the opportunity to celebrate Boston's unique history and diverse waterfront and harbor with exciting events and activities. I encourage everyone to attend this wonderful, inclusive event.""BostonHarborfestis a multi-day festival with activities celebrating American Independence, honoring the city's colonial roots, and showcasing Boston's vibrant harbor. Mayor Walsh will be joined by Rear Admiral Steven Poulin, First Commander, United States Coast Guard Sector Boston Commander Robert Gerosa, Captain, USSConstitution Pat Moscaritolo, President and Chief Executive Officer, Greater Boston Convention & Visitors Bureau Joe O'Malley, General Manager of Faneuil Hall Marketplace andHarborfestpartners during the celebration to kick-off the festival.Residents, visitors and businesses are invited to participate in the patriotic opening ceremony, which will feature The 215 Army Band who will lead the crowd in singing the National Anthem, and the ceremonial cutting of theHarborfestcake. Mayor Walsh, Commander Poulin, and Commander Gerosa and special guests will use a cutglass (sword) to cut the cake, provided by Faneuil Hall Marketplace and created by Montilio's. National Park Service Park Rangers and Freedom Trail Players, dressed in 18th-century costume, will be on hand to offer historical information about Faneuil Hall and other sites along the Freedom Trail.Held fromJune 30 through July 4,Harborfestcelebrates the colonial and maritime heritage of America's independence in Boston. Over the years,Harborfesthas grown from a local event to a national celebration. In 1982 there were 35 activities over the course of three days. Now in its 36th year,Harborfestis considered to be the country's largest Fourth of July festival with hundreds of activities over a 5-day period at Boston's best landmarks.The family-friendly event includes the annual opening ceremony at Faneuil Hall, historical reenactments, Freedom Trail tours and historic sites' programs and events, activities along Boston Harbor, live entertainment, and much more.Harborfestwill feature highlights at Christopher Columbus Park throughout the holiday weekend. Arts atHarborfest, a curated preview to the September Boston Area Festival, will return onSaturday, July 1followed by a performance from Sweet Harmony and a screening of Yankee Doodle Dandy.Sundaywill reintroduce Chowderfest where attendees may vote on the best creations from local restaurants. For moreHarborfestinformation and a list of activities, please call617-439-7700or visit www.Bostonharborfest.com"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today marked theone-year anniversaryof the launch of theBoston Creates Cultural Plan, a ten-year city initiative designed to align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long-term, and weave arts and culture into the fabric of everyday life.""One year after launch, we can see the impact of investments and policy changes across the city in both the public and private sectors that are advancing Boston as an arts leader,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Looking ahead, we will continue to embrace creativity and collaboration to move the plan forward."" Since the launch of Boston Creates in 2016, Mayor Walsh has committed to leading the implementation of the plan by building City resources for arts and culture and creating the necessary partnerships to address the critical needs identified through the planning process.From elevating the arts in the City budget to realigning existing programs, significant accomplishments from year one include:Looking ahead to the next year of implementation, the City willconsider theresults of the performing arts facilities assessment moving forward, partner with the Boston Foundation to carry out a cultural equity study, implement the first of three arts innovation districts in Upham's Cornerand work closely with key partners to think carefully about long term stewardship of the plan, ensuring that implementation can be sustained over the ten year life of of the plan.""The accomplishments of the first year are a testament to the leadership of Mayor Walsh and the willingness of all departments to collaborate, ensuring arts and culture has a role in City government,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of the Mayor's Office of Arts & Culture. ""As we pivot to year two, we know that stewardship over the long term requires that we strategically identify the next priority areas of focus for Boston Creates and reach more fully beyond City government to take on more complex and challenging issues. We know that this work will require ongoing advocates and champions and partnerships for the integration of arts and culture across multiple sectors and communities.""A full list of Boston Creates plan achievements to date can be foundhere.About the Boston Creates Cultural PlanThe cultural plan was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long term. The Boston Creates process was funded by The Barr Foundation and The Klarman Family Foundation. The full cultural plan can be found online athttp://plan.bostoncreates.org.Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include implementing the City's Cultural Plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program (BostonAIR) curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information go to:www.boston.gov/arts"
Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
Concerts will be moved to the newly renovated Rabb Hall in the event of inclement weather. Concerts in the Courtyard are generously supported by Deloitte.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
"Last year, Open Newbury Street was overwhelmingly positive for visitors and businesses alike, bringing thousands of people to the Back Bay neighborhood, said Mayor Walsh. ""We're excited to bring the idea back this year, so residents and visitors from all over can again enjoy Newbury Street for an afternoon, free of cars. We look forward to working with businesses and residents to make this year's Open Newbury another success.""""We thoroughly enjoyed the opportunity to experience Newbury Street as a pedestrian zone for a day last year and found it enhanced our business,"" said Sam Sokol, owner of Dirty Water Dough Company. ""We set up tables on the street so customers could enjoy our food al fresco, which fostered a greater sense of community by allowing us to interact with more patrons and introduce them to our business. I look forward to the concept returning for three dates this summer and fall.""Parking will once again be restricted beginning at8:00 a.m., and signs will be posted informing drivers of the change. All businesses will be encouraged to promote the event on social media using #OpenNewbury and make customers aware of car-free day ahead of time. The public is encouraged to utilize the several different MBTA routes that service the area in addition to bicycling and walking.Last month, Mayor Walsh announced that Boston will celebrate""Open Canal Street""onSaturday, July 8, 2017. For the afternoon, the West End's two-block Canal Street will shut down to vehicles, and open up for pedestrians, who will be able to shop, dine and enjoy the atmosphere of Boston's West End."
The City of Boston Transportation Department is sponsoring a short bike ride to great public spaces to teach people how to use the Hubway bike share system to travel around the City. Boston by Hubway will take place on Wednesday, June 28, from 6 PM to 8 PM. The event is free of charge and open to anyone 16 years or older. Bikes and helmets will be provided. Registration is required at www.boston.gov/calendar/boston-hubway.Hubway is a terrific resource for residents and others as it offers a convenient, healthy, low-cost transportation option to get people to locations throughout the City, said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. This ride is intended for people who know the basics of bike riding, but are interested in learning how bike share works and how it can be used to get to numerous destinations in Boston.Cyclists will depart from the Ruggles Hubway Station, located on Columbus Avenue at the intersection of Melnea Cass Boulevard, near the Ruggles MBTA Station on the Orange Line. Riders should plan to meet ride leaders and instructors at that location no later than 5:45 PM. The ride will take participants past several popular public places, such as, the Melnea Cass Recreation Center, the Roxbury YMCA, the National Center for African American Art, Franklin Park and the Southwest Corridor. The ride will end at the Green Street MBTA Station, also on the Orange Line. MBTA information, including bus lines that service Ruggles Station and Green Street Station, is available at www.MBTA.com .The June 28 event is one in a series of Boston by Hubway rides that will take place in the coming months to introduce people to the Citys fun, fast and affordable public bike share system. Each ride will start out on low-stress streets and paths to allow cyclists to become comfortable on the bikes and build skills at their own pace. Additional rides will be held on July 13 from the Ruggles MBTA Station, and on July 18 from the Bremen Street Park in East Boston. Additional information is available at www.boston.gov/bikes.Boston by Hubway events are supported by Lets Get Healthy, Boston!, a partnership of the Boston Public Health Commission and the Boston Alliance for Community Health, to make it easier for residents to make healthy choices in physical activity. This three year initiative is funded by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Preventions Partnerships to Improve Community Health grant, and is working to reduce the prevalence of obesity, tobacco use and exposure, heart disease, stroke and diabetes in the City of Boston.Hubway is the regional bike share system providing bikes in Boston, Brookline, Cambridge and Somerville. In total, Hubway offers more than 1800 bikes at 185 stations to 14,000 members. In 2016, the popular system recorded its 5 millionth ride. The City of Boston runs the countrys longest-standing program to provide discounted bike share membership to low income residents of Boston.Information on how to become a Hubway member is available at www.thehubway.com .In May of 2015, Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the largest expansion of the Hubway bike share system since it launched in Boston in 2011. Seventy new bike stations will be added to the 127 stations currently in existence in the City of Boston within the next two years. The expansion is in response to requests from residents who asked for more access to healthy transportation options during the Go Boston 2030 mobility plan community engagement process. The Go Boston 2030 Vision and Action Plan is available in its entirety at www.boston.gov/transportation/go-boston-2030.
"At the conference today, Mayor Walsh presented the ""Actions to Address Substance Use Disorders in America's Cities"" toolkit to mayors and policymakers. The toolkit created by Boston's Mayor's Office of Recovery Services, provides resources, recommendations, policies, and program solutions to help mayors respond locally to the devastating impacts of the national opioid.As chairman of the conference's Substance Abuse, Prevention and Recovery Services task force, Mayor Walsh also learned how to issue Narcan (naloxone) and share examples from much of the nation-leading work that the City of Boston has undertaken to address the opioid crisis, dating back to 1978 when Boston EMS paramedics first began administering the overdose reversal drug.""Given the gridlock in Washington, it is crucial for municipal leaders to drive this issue forward. We must be a strong voice for those who are struggling,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""Together with our state, federal, non-profit and private sector partners, we have begun implementing solutions that are making a real difference in the lives of those battling addiction.""Addressing the epidemic of addiction has been one of Mayor Walsh's top priorities, which led him to create the first-ever municipal-based Mayor's Office of Recovery Services in 2015. Since then, Boston has more than doubled staff at the City's access to care program, created the City's first 24/7 recovery support hotline through 311, and added a street outreach team in heavily impacted areas.The City has long been a leader in Narcan use and overdose prevention. The city's health department, the BPHC, began offering civilian trainings in overdose prevention and Narcan in 2006, offering guidance to active users, friends and families, those who are more likely to encounter a heroin user who has overdosed before an ambulance can arrive. BPHC staff has trained more than 10,000 people on how to spot an overdose and administer Narcan last year alone. In 2014, Mayor Walsh announced that all first responders in the City of Boston would be trained to administer and carry Narcan.Through collaboration with EMS, BPD, BFD, BPHC, Boston 311, and other municipal departments, the City of Boston offers a comprehensive set of innovative approaches to treating substance use disorders and combating the national opioid epidemic.""Addictions to Address Substance Use Disorders in America's Cities: A Toolkit for Mayors and Policy Makers"" can be found online atboston.gov/recovery.About the Mayor's Office of Recovery ServicesThe Mayor's Office of Recovery Services is the first-ever municipal-based office to focus on this issue. The Office of Recovery Services works to improve existing addiction and recovery services and create a continuum of high quality services, help families and those fighting addiction navigate the city's available resources, and work with City Departments, community partners and the recovery community to support a comprehensive response to substance use disorders.The Boston Public Health Commission, the country's oldest health department, is an independent public agency providing a wide range of health services and programs. It is governed by a seven-member board of health appointed by the Mayor of Boston.Public service and access to quality health care are the cornerstones of our mission - to protect, preserve, and promote the health and well-being of all Boston residents, particularly those who are most vulnerable. The Commission's more than 40 programs are grouped into six bureaus: Child, Adolescent & Family Health Community Health Initiatives Homeless Services Infectious Disease Recovery Services and Emergency Medical Services."
"In 1721, smallpox broke out in Boston, threatening to devastate the City. ZabdielBoylston, a Boston doctor, learned of the smallpox inoculation from Cotton Mather. At the suggestion of Mather, he agreed to inoculate Bostonians. On June 26, he inoculated his son and two of his slaves against the disease.Zabdielalso inoculated between 180 and 250 other Bostonians. Many feared that the smallpox inoculations would only spread the disease. They violently opposed Boylstons work, and his opponents even threatened his family. Atone point, one of his opponentsthrew a hand grenade into his home. Shortly after inoculating his son, Boylston was arrested. Authorities released him after he promised to only inoculate with government permission.By the early 1800s, most Bostonians understood that inoculation wasa valuable tool. But, despite the success of inoculation, smallpox still plagued Boston and other cities. Boston regularly quarantinedsmallpox patients on Rainsford Island in Boston Harbor. Officials hoped to prevent the spread of the disease to the larger City. Most of thepatients on the island were from quarantined ships.The above letter, from 1827, documents the condition of a quarantined patient on Rainsford Island. The patient is very ill, and the letter states that ""althoughhe breathes, his body is nearly putrid.""The letter also notes that 104 vessels are currently in quarantine. Note that the letter is smudged with smoke.Letters sent from Rainsford Island were regularly purified with smoke. This was another effort to prevent the spread of the disease.Want to learn more about the 1721 smallpox outbreak and the fight overinoculation? Visit the Harvard University Open Collections Program's website."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Paula C. O'Briento demolish the two-family residencelocated at 35-37 Haverford Streetin Jamaica Plain. The full address is 35-37 Haverford Street, Jamaica Plain, MA 02130We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 2, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today will travel to Miami, Florida to attend the U.S. Conference of Mayors (USCM) 85th Annual Meeting. More than 250 mayors from across the country will attend the four-day event to discuss issues such as immigration, health care, the national economy, and climate protection, and then consider and determine policy that will guide USCM's advocacy agenda moving forward.""Eighty-five percent of our nation's population live in metro areas and cities, so it's critical that mayors continue to fight for sound policy at every level of government,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""During the Conference, we get a unique and important opportunity to listen and learn from our colleagues across the country and share our success stories and strategies. It's an invaluable learning experience that results in a shared set of priorities and solid agenda for our cities, and our country, to move forward.""On Saturday, Mayor Walsh, Chair of the Children, Health, and Human Services Committee, will host a discussion and review on proposed resolutions on protecting and improving the Affordable Care Act, urging Congress and the Trump Administration to fund the National Institutes of Health (NIH) at the highest levels, and stressing the importance of fighting the 'treatment gaps' that exist in accessing care for substance abuse disorders.On Sunday, Mayor Walsh will be a panelist in ""Imagining Future Cities Today,"" a session on how mayors from various cities approach long-term planning. A diverse group of mayors will address everything from density and transportation challenges, to housing affordability and education, to workforce and economic growth. He will discuss long-term planning initiative,Imagine Boston 2030, that will help guide Boston's smart, sustainable, and equitable growth.As Chairman of the Substance Abuse, Recovery, and Prevention Task Force, Mayor Walsh will share a toolkit with mayors to combat substance abuse in their cities focused on the full continuum of care including prevention, intervention, family support and recovery, before presenting an overdose prevention training using naloxone (Narcan).See below for more details and additions to Mayor Walsh's U.S. Conference of Mayors Annual Meeting.Remarks and discussions will be live-streamed on the City of Boston Facebook pagehere.Saturday, June 24, 20177:30 a.m.Mayor Walsh offers remarks at Alliance for a Sustainable Future session on energy retrofits.11:15 a.m.Mayor Walsh offers remarks on health care during the USCM Press Conference.2:15 p.m.Mayor Walsh participates in the C40 Cities press conference on climate.4:30 p.m.Mayor Walsh offers remarks on tax reform as Vice Chair of the Cities of Opportunity Task Force.Sunday, June 25, 20179:15 a.m.Mayor Walsh is a panelist in""Imagining Future Cities Today"" session and will discussImagine Boston 2030.11:45 a.m.Mayor Walsh shares his substance abuse and recovery toolkit and leads naloxone (Narcan) training with the Substance Abuse and Recovery Task Force.12:45 p.m.Mayor Walsh offers remarks at Plenary Luncheon as the host of the U.S. Conference of Mayors 86th Annual Meeting in Boston.For those attending the conference, all events will take place at The Fontainebleau Hotel Miami Beach, Florida. All press must registerhereto attend all sessions, roundtables, and luncheons."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Public Schools (BPS) Superintendent Tommy Chang yesterday unveiled a new BPS partnership with Becoming a Man (BAM), a nationally-recognized program that successfully serves young men of color by providing school-based group counseling and mentoring services.BAM, founded in Chicago in 2001, teaches valuable life skills to young men of color in at-risk communities. Researchers have found that BAM programming has increased on-time high school graduation rates and decreased arrest rates for the students it serves. BPS is the first district outside Chicago where BAM will expand.""In the City of Boston, we are expanding pathways to success for young men of color,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""BAM is a national model that has proven to yield positive results by offering valuable mentorship and support, and I am incredibly proud to mark another milestone in our efforts of opening doors of opportunity for our young men who will now have access to an expanded network of services.""Boston Becoming a Man (BAM) will begin its school-based group counseling and mentoring work in September with 150 young men at four schools: Jeremiah E. Burke High School, Dearborn STEM Academy, The English High School, and John D. O'Bryant School of Mathematics and Science. Yesterday's announcement was made at the Burke with dozens of City, school, community leaders and students.BAM builds off the successful work of theMy Brother's Keeper initiative, which connects youth to mentors and lesson programming centered on social-emotional development, academic and career skills in a culturally proficient way.""These young men come from different backgrounds, and all share the same ambition- to overcome obstacles, and achieve their dreams,"" said Conan Harris, Executive Director of MBK Boston. ""I am proud that right here in Boston we are supporting this movement to lift up our young people and empower them to become leaders in the community that they come from.""""It's important that we continue to build on individualized approaches such as Becoming a Man to help our students become successful and to close opportunity and achievement gaps,"" said Boston School Committee Chairperson Michael O'Neill.BAM delivers an innovative blend of clinical theory, men's rites of passage work, and a dynamic approach to youth engagement and mentoring that equips youth with the guidance and tools they need to develop into healthy, responsible young men and thrive.""Our partnership with BAM represents another step in our commitment to young men of color,"" said Superintendent Chang. ""BAM is deeply aligned with our strategy of providing multi-tiered systems of support. By meeting the individual needs of students and facilitating their personal and academic growth, we are helping close persistent opportunity and achievement gaps.""Through weekly group sessions called BAM Circles, and individual support during the school day, BAM counselors guide young men to learn, internalize, and practice social-emotional skills that align with the program's core values of integrity, accountability, self-determination, positive anger expression, respect for womanhood, and visionary goal setting.Shawn Brown, the founder of Diamond Educators Mentoring, has been named executive director of BAM in Boston.Members of the BAM Advisory Council include:"
We have another great season of outdoor music to entertain music fans of all ages, including:Now celebrating 45 years as Bostons longest-running free outdoor concert series, these performances bring four summer nights of great entertainment to this unique venue located in the heart of Boston. All shows begin at 7 p.m.The series is presented by Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayors Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment, and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department in partnership with title sponsor Bank of America. Additional support is provided by media sponsor the Boston Herald, night sponsor AARP Massachusetts, and Polar Beverages.The series kicks off July 12 with AARP Massachusetts Night featuring Strictly Sinatra and the music of Ol Blue Eyes as Michael Dutra takes to the stage drawing from a repertoire of more than 500 Sinatra classics.City Hall Plaza favorite Stardust returns on August 16 for Disco Night featuring classic dance floor and pop hits. Stardust is, in essence, a Super-Band formed by gathering some of the most talented and experienced musicians in the entertainment industry and honed by over a decade of active rotation.On August 23 Natural Wonder features a full band experience complete with a crack rhythm section, horn section, and the formidable Gabriel Bello, a #1 Billboard-ranked vocalist, producer and multi-instrumentalist, channeling the energy and artistry that has made Stevie Wonder an icon across decades and genres. The Dorothy Curran Wednesday Night Concert Series closes August 30 with the classic Philly soul of Harold Melvins Blue Notes.For more information, please call 617-635-4505 or visit the Parks Department online or on Facebook.
The Avon Walk for Breast Cancer and the Boston Athletic Association 10K willtake place in Boston this weekend. Traffic and parking will be impacted. All users of Bostons streets are urged to proceed with caution and be aware of the additional people walkingin the City and using local roadways.Attendees are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles into Boston for the events. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.Saturday, June 24, and Sunday, June 25The Avon Walk for Breast Cancer will take place on both days on walking routes that traverse the City. Streets will not be closed to traffic for designated periods of time as most walking will take place on sidewalks. However, as large groups of participants will be crossing streets, drivers and bicyclists should expect delays, specifically when turning at intersections.Parking restrictions:Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Wednesday through Saturday Tow Zone No Stopping SaturdaySunday, June 25Charles Street, between Beacon Street and Boylston Street, will be closed to traffic from 5 AM until approximately 11 AM for the Boston Athletic Association 10K. Traffic delays are expected on other streets along the route as runners make their way to the finish line.An estimated 10,000 runners will gather on Charles Street near the Public Garden center gate for the Boston Athletic Association 10K scheduled to begin at 8 AM. From Charles Street, runners will turn right onto Boylston Street, , right onto Arlington Street, left onto Commonwealth Avenue (westbound), under Massachusetts Avenue, right onto Charlesgate East, left onto Beacon Street, right onto Bay State Road, left onto Granby Street, right onto Commonwealth Avenue (westbound), turn around at Babcock Street, Commonwealth Avenue (westbound), left onto Beacon Street, right onto Charlesgate West, left onto Commonwealth Avenue (eastbound), under Massachusetts Avenue, right onto Arlington Street, left onto Boylston Street, left onto Charles Street.Parking restrictions:Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 12 Noon to Sunday 12 NoonTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 6 AM to 12 NoonTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 12:01 AM to 12 Noon
Created in honor of Latin music icon Tito Puente, this series is celebrating 11 years of bringing live Latin music with a strong salsa influence to Boston parks. The series is presented by the Boston Parks and Recreation Department and sponsored in part by Berklee College of Music, Inquilinos Boricuas en Accin, Villa Victoria Center for the Arts, Zumix, Hyde Square Task Force, and Sociadad Latina. Free salsa lessons will be led by MetaMovements at select concerts.The Tito Puente Latin Music Series kicks off on July 6 at ODay Playground in the South End with additional performances on July 13 and August 3. The series will also feature performances at Mozart Street Playground in Jamaica Plain on July 20, Mission Hill Playground in Jamaica Plain on July 27, and LoPresti Park in East Boston on August 10.All concerts are at 7 p.m. All locations are wheelchair accessible. In the event of inclement weather the East Boston concert will move inside to Zumix. All others will be canceled with no rain dates. The series schedule is as follows:
The ParkARTS outdoor neighborhood summer concerts are presented free of charge in local City of Boston parks. Concert dates include:All ParkARTS neighborhood performances are free of charge. For more information or a full schedule of events, please call please call 617-635-4505 or visit the Parks Department online, or on Facebook.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, together with the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture and the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement, announced today a new exhibit on display at City Hall throughout the month of June in honor of Immigrant Heritage Month. The exhibit, The Faces of Syrian Refugees, profiles 20 Syrians who fled their war-torn homeland and have resettled in new countries in Europe and North America, and who are now in homes and building new lives.""The Faces of Syrian Refugees exhibit is incredibly powerful, and humanizes the refugee crisis in a way that is thought-provoking and leaves a lasting impact,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage everyone to come visit this exhibit over the course of Immigrant Heritage Month, and experience the story of each individual featured in the photos.""Since March 2011, over five million Syrians have been displaced from their homes. The exhibit consists of life-sized color portraits and personal interviews that offer intimate visits with Syrian refugees. The subjects come from all walks of life and now are engaged in a range of activities, from teaching art classes to serving as museum docents to conducting an orchestra.The exhibit was produced by Michael Cohen, a Boston-based photographer who conceived the concept in early 2016. Working with Dr. Dana Janbek of Lasell College and Amy Bracken, a freelance journalist, they located and traveled to 20 different refugees to create the exhibit.""The premiere of The Faces Of Syrian Refugees in my hometown as the kickoff to Immigrant Heritage Month is a perfect way to begin the national tour of this exhibit,"" said Cohen. ""Immigrants from all over the world have made their home in Boston and added greatly to our city. Syria needs our help right now, and it is important for us to see and meet them.This exhibit allows the visitor an up close and personal understanding of 20 refugees that are excited to introduce themselves to the US.""""Among its goals, the Boston Creates Cultural Plan looks to elevate how the arts can facilitate learning opportunities among diverse cultures,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""The Faces Of Syrian Refugees is a great example, demonstrating the power of the arts to teach, create dialogue and help us connect to one another. I encourage everyone to visit City Hall and view this exhibit.""""The Faces of Syrian Refugees connects us with the stories of people who have left their homeland very recently under dire circumstances,"" said Alejandra St. Guillen, Director of the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement. ""During Immigrant Heritage Month, this exhibit will remind those who visit City Hall of their families' own stories of leaving their countries of origin to settle in the United States.""The exhibit will be on display on the mezzanine area of the 3rd Floor Lobby of City Hall from June 6- June 30, 2017.A program and reception featuring the exhibit will be held at City Hall on June 20, 2017 to commemorate World Refugee Day. The event is free and open to the public, and all residents are encouraged to attend. For more information go to: www.boston.gov/events.About Immigrant Heritage MonthStarted in 2014 by Welcome.us, Immigrant Heritage Month honors the countless contributions made by immigrants to our communities, our economy, our culture, and our collective American identity each June. On behalf of Mayor Walsh, the Office for Immigrant Advancement coordinates events with city agencies and community partners in Boston throughout the month.Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's Cultural Plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program (BostonAIR) curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information go to: www.boston.gov/arts.Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement (MOIA)The Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement works to ensure the full participation of immigrants within the civic, economic, social and cultural life of Boston. Every year, MOIA assists over 2,000 residents by connecting them to English language classes, helping them obtain citizenship application assistance, facilitating access to city services, and providing accurate information about immigration laws, which helps immigrants contribute socially and economically to the city. For more information go to: www.boston.gov/immigrants or call 617-635-2980."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined students and City and Boston Public Schools officials in a groundbreaking ceremony to launch the $20 million renovation of the John Eliot K-8 Innovation Upper School building. When completed in fall 2019, the school will feature state-of-the-art spaces designed to promote collaborative learning, as well as an art studio and robotics-engineering lab overlooking the Charles River.""We know that Boston Public School students deserve the best, and this investment is a testament to how we value public education in Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This new space will bring the Eliot School into the 21st century, and create the best learning environment for our students. The Eliot School represents the $1 billion we're investing in BPS buildings over ten years throughout Boston, and I'm proud that as City, we're making investments that will allow students to achieve their full potential.""This project is part of Mayor Walsh's $2.08 billion fiscal year 2018-2022Imagine Boston Capital Plan, which supports initiatives such asBuildBPS.The Eliot Upper School, which serves 280 students in grades 3-8, is located in a42,000-square-foot buildingat 585 Commercial Street in the North End. The two-year construction project -- the final phase of an overall $43 million project to two Eliot school buildings -- will begin in early July.Starting in September, the Eliot Upper School's students will be relocated to the newly renovated, former North Bennet Street School. Boston has invested $23 million in a comprehensive renovation to the North Bennet Street School that includes new classrooms, computer labs, a multi-purpose room and media center all designed for 21st century learning. In addition, the project included construction of a new cafeteria, kitchen, mechanical systems, elevator, fire protection and accessibility upgrades.""This is an important project that will allow the Eliot School to continue to thrive and offer its students a world-class education,"" said Boston School Committee Chairman Michael O'Neill. ""It is great to see that its design incorporates many of the core principles that are included in the BuildBPS facilities master plan.""""It is so beneficial for our students to be able to learn in classrooms that can accommodate today's technological needs and are adaptive so that children can learn from each other, and collaborate together,"" said BPS Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""We are grateful for Mayor Walsh's commitment to upgrading and improving our educational spaces to better prepare students for 21st-century success.""The upgrade of the Commercial Street school building will include a complete renovation of the building's interior, replacement of its exterior, and many structural and site improvementsOn the first floor, a new multipurpose room will be constructed that can be utilized by the community. On the second and third floors, there will be 18 new classrooms, including several new spaces, such as an art room, technology room and media center that will look out over the Charles River.One of the important design elements will benearly a dozen windows that project outward from the side of the building, creating ""learning nooks"" geared for small-group instruction and collaborative learning spaces that will enable students to work with each other and explore alternative solutions to solving problems.Exterior upgrades will include the addition of a new stair tower and elevator to assist with accessibility, and improve the flow of the building.There are also many features that will promote sustainability, such as a new reflective roof, metal rainscreen, a stormwater retention system and discharge, LED lighting with daylight sensors and occupancy sensors, low-flow plumbing fixtures, high-efficiency boilers and new windows that will maximize sunlight. Other mechanical improvements will include a new electrical system, and fire and alarm protection systems.""As a school community, we are so thankful for the support of Mayor Walsh, Superintendent Chang, School Committee Chair O'Neill, and the North End community in helping us expand and grow the Eliot,"" said Principal Walker Griffith. ""This is a thrilling time for our students, families and teachers as we prepare our students to succeed in school and in life, and become the next generation of leaders."" The Eliot School has experienced renewal under the leadership of Principal Walker Griffith, who after taking over as principal in 2007 transformed the facility into a top performing elementary and middle school that attracts students from across Boston. The Eliot, which now has a waiting list for kindergarten larger than its original student body, was featured on The Today Show in 2010 when co-host Matt Lauer visited the school to conduct interviews on the importance of kindergarten.When the renovation of the Commercial Street building is completedin two years, the Eliot will be able to serve upwards of 800-1,000 students at three campuses.""The renovation to the Eliot Upper School is a key investment for the North End community, and reflects Mayor Walsh's strong commitment to ensuring that our students can learn and thrive,"" said Boston Public Facilities Director Tricia Lyons. ""This project required extensive permitting due to the waterfront site. The collaborative effort among City, State and Federal agencies was significant, and should be commended.The renovations of both 585 Commercial Street and the North Bennet Street School were designed by the Boston-based firm, Finegold Alexander Architects. The firm was originally hired by the city in 2012 to design and oversee the expansion of the original Eliot School at 16 Charter Street.""The Eliot Innovation Upper School offers students a unique opportunity to go to school with a view, which allows for all kinds of opportunities,"" said Rebecca Berry, senior associate with Finegold Alexander Architects. ""At 585 Commercial Street, the building's views of the Boston waterfront infuse a sense of tranquility, delight and wonder to the student learning experience.""Learn more about the City's capital projects atbudget.boston.gov/capital-projects."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Office of Economic Development (OED) today launched Boston's Small Business Center in Mattapan, designed to serve as a one-stop neighborhood resource for small business owners and entrepreneurs. Following a nine-week program in Mattapan, the City of Boston Small Business Center will travel to East Boston and then on to Roxbury to provide resources for small businesses throughout Boston. To celebrate small business owners citywide, Mayor Walsh will also kick-off ""Mayor on Main,"" a three-day event that will highlight Boston's Main Streets (BMS) districts at the end of June. During Mayor on Main, Mayor Walsh will visit small businesses and present the 21st Annual Boston Main Streets Awards, which recognize an outstanding business owner and volunteer from each district.""Small businesses and their owners are the backbone of our City, representing the character and diversity of our communities,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""All neighborhoods deserve the chance to have a thriving center, and that's why I'm so proud to begin the City's Small Business Center in Mattapan. I am committed to supporting small businesses in each corner of our City, and am thrilled to be able to recognize over 35 owners and volunteers with the Boston Main Streets Awards.""Boston's 40,000 small businesses fuel the City's economy and generate $15 billion in annual revenue, and 170,000 jobs. The Small Business Center will serve as a one-stop neighborhood resource for small business owners and entrepreneurs ready to grow their businesses. In addition, Boston is focused on empowering minority and women-owned businesses. Entrepreneurs of color comprise 32 percent of all Boston businesses, generate $2.7 billion in revenue and employ 32,000 people, while 35 percent of small businesses in Boston are women-owned.In partnership with more than a dozen leading business service organizations, the City of Boston's Small Business Center will provide high-impact professional training, networking and one-on-one coaching sessions during the first nine-week summer series in Mattapan.To celebrate the achievement and contributions of small businesses in Boston, onJune 28,June 29 and July 1, Mayor Walsh will lead trolleys to 12 Main Streets districts in Boston, and will be joined by representatives of Boston Main Streets foundations and boards, and members of his cabinet. In each district, Mayor Walsh will recognize outstanding business owners and volunteers to celebrate the 21st BMS awards.""The Boston Main Streets Foundation is proud to stand with Mayor Walsh in creating a city devoted to developing small businesses,"" saidJoel Sklar, President of the Boston Main Streets Foundation. ""We are pleased to support the launch of the City of Boston Small Business Center and the Mayor on Main trolley tour and provide investment and opportunity for businesses across the entire city.""Mattapan's Small Business Center and the Mayor on Main visits are a result of Boston's central planning initiatives: Boston's2016 Citywide Small Business PlanandImagine Boston 2030, both of which incorporate community feedback to continue building a thriving, equitable City. Boston's Small Business Advisory Council has also worked to prioritize establishing a Small Business Center.Mayor Walsh's five year small business plan aims to make the small business economy thrive, to enhance neighborhood vibrancy and to foster economic and social inclusion and equity. To accomplish these goals, the Plan proposes policies and programs to foster a high-quality, efficient support system for all small businesses to develop tools, programs, and policies to address specific gaps in key small business segments that are vital to the city's economic growth and to enhance opportunities for entrepreneurs of color, immigrants and women to launch and grow small businesses across the city.In addition to the City of Boston, the Small Business Center is supported by Bank of America, which has provided a $100,000 grant to the Boston Main Streets Foundation over the next two years. The grant supports the launch of the City of Boston Small Business Center and a series of neighborhood recognition events aimed at celebrating economic successes while raising the visibility of local businesses.""Bank of America is committed to supporting the small businesses and entrepreneurs making Boston such a compelling place for community, commerce, and -- most importantly -- economic mobility for all,"" said Miceal Chamberlain, Massachusetts President for Bank of America. ""We are honored to play a role in advancing the City of Boston's economic-equity agenda to support technical assistance, access to capital and capacity-building for small business owners in our neighborhoods.""As part of Boston's commitment to fostering and empowering small businesses, Mayor Walsh today signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with more than 12 business services organizations to provide high-impact trainings to neighborhoods with dense pockets of small businesses. These partners specialize in business operations, legal services, access to capital and strategic planning. Organizations that have signed the MOU include:The Mayor's Office of Economic Development aims to promote a healthy environment for businesses of all types and sizes in the City of Boston. TheOffice of Small Business Developmentis Boston's front door for small businesses, providing navigation help for permitting and licensing, technical assistance and certification for local, women, minority and veteran owned businesses. For additional information, visitboston.gov.Boston Main Streets(BMS) provides funding and technical assistant to 20 neighborhood-based Main Streets districts throughout the City of Boston, and has served as a national model for urban areas seeking to revitalize neighborhood commercial districts including Baltimore, Washington, D.C., Milwaukee, Detroit, New Orleans, Seattle and Portland, Oregon. Boston Main Streets continues to empower individuals in the small business sector to have a direct role in the economic health, physical appearance, and development of their own community."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Boston Parks and Recreation Department, the Highland Street Foundation, Youth Lead the Change and local teachers, students, and residents today celebrated the reopening of Children's Park in Roxbury. The celebration marks the completion of a comprehensive $1.1 million renovation of the entire playground, allowing children and families of all abilities to enjoy time together outdoors.""Today we are not only celebrating the opening of Children's Park, but we are also celebrating Boston's progress in becoming a more inclusive city to its residents of all abilities,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Children's Park models the accessibility that we are working to bring to every park in Boston -- one that benefits the entire community. I am proud that Boston has one of the best park systems in the nation, and with the renovations made to this park in Roxbury, residents will be able to enjoy the park today and for years to come.""The Parks Department collaborated with the inclusion program at the Lila Frederick Middle School and the Boston Public Schools Facilities Department to incorporate inclusionary elements in the design of the new space. Previously, students in wheelchairs could not access the park due to the lack of a connection to accessible pathways at the back of the playground, and the playground along Intervale Street was inaccessible because the sidewalks were too steep to access the park. The Parks Department project manager accompanied the students on a field trip last year to the fully accessible Thomas M. Menino Park in Charlestown to see which equipment they used and liked, resulting in the installation of an integration carousel.With a design and construction budget of $1.1 million funded byMayor Walsh's Imagine Boston Capital Plan, $31,225 from Mayor Walsh'sYouth Lead the Changeinitiative, and a $100,000 donation from the Highland Street Foundation, the new park design includes four all-accessible entrances, a 2-5 year-old play area including stepping pods and a small climber, a large 5-12 year-old accessible play structure with ramps to reach the top level of play, two accessible ground level stand-alone play panels, a water play area with spray jets, three benches with companion seating, seat walls surrounding the 5-12 play area, sitting rocks throughout the park, five accessible tables and chairs, two pieces of exercise equipment as requested by the community, two regular and two accessible swings, a roller slide accessible via ramps to the top,one wave climber, and the accessible carousel. Additional improvements include trees, shrubs, mulch, and a refurbished entrance archway.The Parks Department partnered with the Department of Neighborhood Development (DND) to arrange transfer of an adjacent parcel of land with a vacant building on the lot. DND demolished the building and transferred the parcel to Parks to increase the footprint of the site, which almost doubled the size of the park bringing more space for Roxbury families to relax and play.Learn more about the City's capital projects atbudget.boston.gov/capital-projects."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Steven Rines with Peak House, LLC to demolish the two-family residencelocated at 60 Charme Avenue in Roslindale. The full address is60 Charme Avenue, Roslindale, MA 02131We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 26, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Large-scale events in Boston mean tight security and the involvement of multiple agencies.Sail Boston is a water-based event, which means extra agencies, like the Coast Guard and Navy, are involved. Boston is also the only city in the United States being visited by the Tall Ships, which makes Sail Boston a national event. Due to it being a national event, federal agencies like the FBI are involved.In all, there were more than 40 agencies out on the streets and behind the scenes this weekend. They worked around the clock to keep people safe.The City of Bostons Department of Innovation and Technology helped coordinate these agencies. We assisted the Citys Department of Emergency Management in setting up a Joint Operations Center. The City set up headquarters near the event so that agencies could be close to the action.One of ourmost important security roles was providing network services for each agency using the Citys fiber optic network, also known as BoNET. Having every agency on the same network is helpful in such big events. We're able to increase communication and keep information secure.We also provided every agency with internet access, phones, and desktop and printing services. Its very important that all agencies stay connected during big events. At least one of ourtechnicians was on-site at all times in case of a connectivity issue. There was alsoan on-site help desk for each day of the event.Connecting agencies through BoNET has another huge benefit camera-sharing. Cameras from each agency could be viewed alongside each other. This included the Coast Guards helicopter camera and security cameras from Boston Police. Additional cameras, like multiple panoramic cameras from Axis Technology, were also used for the event, creating an even higher level of surveillance. In the case of an emergency, the Joint Operations Center had multiple views to choose from.By all accounts, it was a huge group effort to get as much security coverage of the event as possible.Every agency worked together. Agents and officers sat side-by-side while the event was going on. They monitored the camera systems and constantly communicated with agents and officers out in the field.Everyone had a clear role in the case of an emergency. Some were assigned to alerting first responders. Others were assigned to releasing information out to the public.These agencies, working together, were key to making the weekend a success. The Joint Operations Center will remain active throughout the week to ensure the safety of visitors.The ships will be here until Thursday, June 22. Interested in attending Sail Boston? Heres what you need to know.
