"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) have announced the release of the2019 BCYF Summer Grants RFP, inviting nonprofit youth-serving groups toapply for a grant of up to $5,000 to support fun, safe, enriching youth programming this summer. These grants will increase both the number and variety of programs serving youth and will ensure that youth across the City have access to activities and opportunities this summer.""I am pleased to be able to offer this grant to support the innovative and engaging programming provided by our non-profit partners during the summer months,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Thousands of Boston's young people will have a great summer thanks to the agencies the BCYF Summer Grant supports.""The grants will support summer programs in Boston neighborhoods. Ages to must range from 6-18 and may include young adults up to age 21. Programs must operate between July 8 and August 31. Last year, of the 58 programs that were awarded funding, 60% were art-based, educational or community and civic engagement opportunities and the remaining 40% had a sports, recreation, fitness or health-related focus. Over 80% of grantees provided specialized programs that incorporated educational components to youth about substance abuse, provided a therapeutic approach to accommodate youth impacted by trauma and provided an opportunity for meaningful youth summer employment.""Even though BCYF offers hundreds of summer programs, we rely on our non-profit partners to join us in keeping Boston's youth happy, healthy and safe during the summer,"" said William Morales, Commissioner of BCYF. ""I can't wait to review the variety of applications we will receive from all across the City.""""This grant is so meaningful to Learn 2 Teach, Teach 2 Learn."" said Dr. Susan Klimczak, Education Organizer at Learn 2 Teach, Teach 2 Learn. ""The funds help us to provide STEAM activities that require special and more expensive components. This year, we encountered a price increase in some of the supplies we need to offer our STEAM activities. The increase would have put popular activities like our Solar Bobble Activity out of the reach of L2TT2L, which provides all our STEAM camps free of charge to the children and community organizations we serve. Thanks to the support from BCYF through the BCYF Summer Grant, we were able to offer this popular activity without interruption.""The deadline to apply is 5 p.m. on Friday, May 3. For more information including the RFP, please visitBoston.Gov/BCYF-Summer-Grant.AboutBoston Centers for Youth and FamiliesBoston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Boston's largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program, the GIRLS Initiative, Camp Joy special needs program and many aquatic offerings."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture today announced the City of Boston is accepting applications for a second round of theArtist Fellowship Awardand a newProject Partnership Grant.Photos fromMichelle Fornabai's project (CreditAnne Piessens)""These two grant programs will allow us to better recognize local artists and their meaningful contributions to the City, as well as provide a new level of support for some of the City's most impactful and important cultural events,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This is an exciting moment for the City of Boston and another step forward in Boston's role as a city that champions and supports the arts.""The Artist Fellowship Award invests in the advancement of mid-career artists living in Boston. This direct, unrestricted award aims to recognize exceptional original artistic work throughout the City, with the goal of helping recipients advance their careers and continue their work in Boston with success. Applications are due by Friday, May 17 at 5 p.m.""To support individual artists is a stunningly beautiful act of trust as a city,"" said Michelle Fornabai, who developed a project at the Erich Lindemann Mental Health Center in which she placed a concrete poem in dialogue with Paul Rudolph's essay in concrete. ""As an inaugural Boston Artist Fellow, I felt inspired to take risks and make works to match the profound generosity shown to me by the City of Boston. Working with the city of Boston as an artist, extraordinary things can happen in everyday life.""The Artist Fellowship Award is part of the City's $200,000 FY20 investment in sustaining key grant making programs for individual artists. In addition, the City is investing $250,000 for the Boston Artist in Residence Program, providing operating funds for two full-time staff positions in the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, and investing an additional $400,000 to enhance the Boston Public Library and its local branches. These investments and the new City-funded grants will create a permanent long-lasting home for arts funding.The City of Boston will distribute five Artist Fellowship Awards of $10,000 each in 2019. Individual artists who work professionally in art disciplines, including but not limited to dance, music, theater, visual arts, poetry/fiction writing, interdisciplinary/performance art, and media arts may apply for the award. Applicants must be City of Boston residents, and applications submitted on behalf of an artist are welcome.Applicants will be evaluated on whether their work conveys rigor in their artistic practice, how their work stands out within their artistic discipline, and how well they show potential for them to advance in their creative practice. This year, the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture has chosen to focus on mid-career artists, and is looking for applications from this population. To see examples of what a mid-career artist could look like,click here.The Project Partnership Grant aims to elevate recurring events and programs that create opportunities for artists in Boston. Eligible projects may include arts or cultural programs, activations, annual cultural traditions, and community arts events. The City of Boston will offer three Project Partnership Grants in 2019, with a maximum grant of $10,000 each. In addition to the financial award, the City of Boston may provide assistance with event or program production, navigating permitting/licensing processes, and press and marketing efforts.Prioritized projects include those that amplify the work of artists from under-represented communities, including communities of color, LGBTQ communities, immigrant communities, people with disabilities, and others, as well as projects that highlight art traditions and disciplines that currently lack visibility in Boston.""These programs really help us to act on our goal of celebrating and support diverse cultural expression across the City,"" said Kara Elliott-Ortega. ""They will also provide us with the opportunity to illustrate the impact and necessity of continued investment in the arts in enhancing the City of Boston as a whole.""In addition to these grants, the City of Boston announced earlier this year that221 organizations received Boston Cultural Council grantstotaling $487,000, making it the largest ever amount of funding distributed through this program. The City of Boston also continues to support individual artists through the Opportunity Fund, which provided over$190,000 to 198 artists in 2018.The City is continuing to support public art, with severalPercent for Art projectsunderway in Jamaica Plain, Roxbury, and East Boston. In March, the City also announced 10 projects that will improve public spaces have beenawarded grants totaling $809,500through the Edward Ingersoll Browne Trust Fund.The Project Partnership Grant is open to individual artists, art collectives, non-profits, producers, and curators, and all artistic disciplines are welcome. The project must occur before July 1, 2020.The deadline to apply for both the Artist Fellowship Award and the Project Partnership Grant is Friday, May 17 at 5 p.m. To learn more about the Artist Fellowship award, visithere. To learn more about the Project Partnership Grant, visithere.About the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information,click here."
BNBL is the oldest municipal basketball league in the country serving young men and women in three divisions each for boys and girls: 13 and under 15 and under and 18 and under.Encompassing recreation, sports, and community engagement, BNBLs real value is in helping make Boston happier and safer in the summer months by providing a physical outlet for youngsters throughout the city. Over 1,500 players on 150 teams will participate in this years league at 20 sites throughout the city. BNBL is played at Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) community centers and selected city parks. The 2019 BNBL season ends with the championship games played in mid-August. To register online for BNBL go tohttps://apm.activecommunities.com/cobparksandrecdepart/Activity_Search.BNBL also offers a free Pee Wee Developmental Program for boys and girls ages 6 to 11 offered at various locations across the city in Dorchester, Mattapan, Roslindale, South Boston, West Roxbury, and Roxbury. This program teaches young players the basics of basketball in a fun and non-competitive setting. Registration for Pee Wee BNBL is done on-site at the Pee Wee locations.For more information, please email Charlie Conners atCharles.Conners@boston.govor call (617) 961-3093.# # #
"The City of Boston has launched a registration portal for lobbyists in Boston. Signed into law by Mayor Martin J. Walsh in September 2018, Boston's municipal lobbying ordinance aims to further promote good governance and transparency in the City of Boston, and requires lobbyists, lobbyist entities and lobbying clients to register with the Boston City Clerk's Office. Also in 2019, there will be two disclosure statement reporting requirements with: a statement due on or before July 20, 2019, and a statement due on or before October 20, 2019. Additional information and registration fees areavailable online.Starting April 16, lobbyists, lobbyist entities, and their clients must register with the City Clerk's Office each year. They also need to file disclosure statements four times each calendar year. Registration isavailable on boston.gov.""After years of effort and negotiations from when I first filed these reforms, I am proud that the City Council has worked with my administration to pass an ordinance creating a system that brings transparency and accountability to municipal lobbying for the first time,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This ordinance will help the City of Boston continue to meet the high expectations of transparency and accountability that Boston's residents expect and deserve."" The ordinance specifies that each person or entity that qualifies as a lobbyist, lobbying entity or lobbying client shall register within 10 days after so qualifying with the City Clerk. On or before the 20th day of January, April, July and October of each year, those who register under the municipal lobbying ordinance must also file a lobbying report.In addition to registration and filing deadlines, the ordinance also creates a City-level enforcement commission, to help ensure compliance with the ordinance. The Mayor's three appointees to the commission are attorneys Stephanie Everett of Mattapan and Sammy Nabulsi of Roxbury, and Vivien Li, former president of The Boston Harbor Association. The remainder of the commission is made up of the City Clerk or her designee, and the President of the City Council or her designee.This lobbying registration further supports Mayor Walsh's work to ensure open and transparent governance in the City of Boston. Work to ensure transparency includes Boston's open data set portal,Analyze Boston, which provides frequently-requested data sets and information to Boston residents. Earlier this month, Mayor Walsh released hisfiscal year 2020 budget, building on Boston's AAA bond rating and using Boston's economic success to create more opportunities for all neighborhoods and all residents."
Summer is coming and Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is pleased to announce that the City of Bostons two outdoor pools, the BCYF Clougherty Pool in Charlestown and the BCYF Mirabella Pool in the North End are opening for the season on Saturday, June 22. These pools, along with 16 pools open year round, are operated by BCYF, the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency.BCYF Clougherty Pool rates for the entire season: Adults (20 - 54): $15 Youth and teens ages 12 - 19 Free Adults (55 and older) and Active Military (with ID): Free. Children under age 8 must be accompanied by an adult in the water at all times. Memberships are available now at the BCYF Charlestown Community Center, 255 Medford Street, Charlestown or at the pool beginning June 22.BCYF Mirabella rates for the entire season: Adults (20-61): $20 Teens (13-19): $10 Youth and Seniors (ages 6-12, adults 62+): $5 Youth under 6 and Active Military (with ID): Free. The rates are double for non-Boston residents. There are no day or guest passes. Memberships will be available beginning on May 13 at the BCYF Nazzaro Community Center, 30 North Bennet Street in the North End or at the pool beginning June 22. Money orders are the only accepted method of payment.Also opening June 22 is the Citys Family Friendly Beach at the BCYF Curley Community Center in South Boston. The beach will also be open seven days a week and offers families access to an enclosed stretch of beach on Boston Harbor, restrooms with changing tables, picnic tables with umbrellas, outdoor showers, beach game equipment, and wifi. Membership for the beach for the entire season is $5 and are available June 1 at the K Street entrance of the center.The outdoor pools and beach will remain open seven days a week until Labor Day. All locations will have experienced, certified lifeguards on duty. BCYF Curley facilities are accessible for people with disabilities and both outdoor pools are equipped with lifts from the deck into the water. For programming information, the membership application, and hours of operation, visit Boston.Gov/BCYF.
Council President Campbell explained that the purpose of the ordinance is to be proactive by mandating a review of precincts. All municipalities in the state, except for Boston, are required to undertake reprecincting every 10 years, redrawing boundary lines to equalize the population within wards and precincts. Because of Bostons exemption, reprecincting has not happened in 90 years, and some precincts have several thousand voters, while others have just a few hundred.The committee would be required to examine certain factors as outlined in the proposal which include: population shifts, development in neighborhoods, impact of precinct size on polling locations, staffing, and election day operations.
Councilor Janey, who filed the resolution said, The City Council has been very active in advocating for workers As someone who has been a strong advocate for education in this City, I know how important it is to [listen to] the voices of educators who are trying to support our students.Unions have historically helped bring economic and social democracy to the City of Boston. Providing full-time faculty with greater freedom to form unions will allow them to better serve their students, with the added security of academic freedom and job protections.
"Were not going to have officers of the Boston Police Department working with ICE to pick someone up for a civil immigration violation when theres no other crime involved, said Councilor Zakim in regards to the 17F Information Request he filed to the Administration, requesting information regarding communications between the Boston Police Department (BPD) and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE).The information request allows Councilors to request written responses from the Mayor, and asks for:The Council voted to approve this request.
On November 23, 2018, the federal government issued a comprehensive climate study that made clear how urgent action over the next 12 years is needed by Congress to avert catastrophic damage to the planet.During this weeks Council meeting, the Council voted (9-3, one Councilor absent) to pass a resolution in support of H.Res 109 and S.Res 59 A Resolution Recognizing the duty of the Federal Government to create a Green New Deal."" A Green New Deal presents a 10-year plan to mobilize every aspect of American society to 100 percent clean and renewable energy by 2030, a guaranteed living-wage job for anybody who needs one, and a just transition for both workers and frontline communities.To achieve these goals, the plan calls for efforts such as providing funding for community-based solutions to climate change, removing pollution and greenhouse gas emissions from industry as much as is technologically feasible, maximizing water and energy efficiency in new buildings, retrofitting existing buildings, and more."
"The Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) Board of Directors has approved a citywide zoning text amendment that would allow owner occupants to carve out space within their homes to create smaller, independent rental units, known as Additional Dwelling Units (ADUs). In accordance with Mayor Martin J. Walsh'sHousing A Changing City, ADUs will increase affordable housing options, create safer living arrangements and support multigenerational family arrangements and opportunities for aging in place. ADUs provide an opportunity to use existing infrastructure to achieve the City of Boston's housing goals.Last week, Mayor Walsh announced funding for the expansion of the ADU program as part of his Fiscal Year (FY20) budget recommendations.This $650,000 investment will provide zero-interest loans for income-eligible homeowners.The approval of the zoning amendment follows a successful 18-month ADU pilot program in the Jamaica Plain, Greater Mattapan and East Boston Neighborhood Districts. As of February 2019, 55 applications have been filed with the Inspectional Services Department (ISD) for ADUs and 12 permits have been issued. The majority of applications - 88 percent - have been for basement conversions.""We must be innovative and think creatively in order to accomplish our goals of providing more affordable housing options for those that want to live here,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Additional Dwelling Units are an important part of our efforts to create additional housing for our growing population while ensuring that our residents have the opportunity to stay in their homes.""An ADU is one self-contained, non-transient residential living unit providing complete independent living facilities incorporated entirely within the footprint of the existing, owner occupied residential structure. The residential structure cannot contain more than three dwelling units. The program will not apply to the Downtown and Downtown Waterfront neighborhoods that fall within the Base Code Zoning.The City of Boston will provide homeowners interested in building an ADU with additional resources, including:""Boston's housing crisis cannot be solved through the creation of new units in bulk alone. The City must also find ways to evolve our 19th century residential fabric to meet the needs of its 21st century occupants,"" said Matthew Littell, Principal of Utile Inc and Northeastern lecturer whose class aided with initial research on ADUs. ""ADUs can provide the flexibility to support not only a growing population, but a more diverse and vulnerable one. Allowing homeowners more freedom to adapt their existing homes to changing needs sets the stage for long term preservation of neighborhoods that continue to struggle with the pressures of Boston's unprecedented growth.""Under the text amendment, an ADU shall be an allowed use where it may be otherwise conditional or forbidden, provided that it is the addition of no more than one dwelling unit to the existing structure. The additional unit must meet building and safety code requirements and be registered in accordance with Ch. 9-1.3 of the City of Boston Rental Registry Ordinance at the time of conversion.The approval of ADUs is a joint effort by the Mayor's Housing Innovation Lab at the Department of Neighborhood Development, the Inspectional Services Department (ISD) and the BPDA. The amendment also requires the approval of the Boston Zoning Commission.This approval continues Mayor Walsh's commitment to preserving and expanding Boston's affordable housing, ensuring all families who wish to live in Boston can. Last month, Mayor Walsh and the City's Community Preservation Committee recommended 56 projects, totaling more than $34 million, for inclusion in the fall funding round for the Community Preservation Act. In 2018, Mayor Walsh increased the City's overall housing targets from 53,000 to 69,000 new units by 2030, including 15,820 income-restricted units, to meet Boston's population growth. These income-restricted units will include purchasing 1,000 rental housing units from the speculative market and income-restricting them through an expanded Acquisition Opportunity Program."
The City owns and operates the William J. Devine Golf Course in Dorchester and the George Wright Golf Course in Hyde Park designed by Donald Ross. Both have received national accolades as must-play courses when golfing in the Boston area. Golfers can access information on rates, season permits, monthly specials and tournaments and book tee times online. For updates, the Citys golf courses can be followed on Twitter @FranklinParkGC and @GeorgeWrightGC.In 2018, the City of Boston courses were recognized with the 110th playing of the Massachusetts Amateur Championship contested over five days at both the George Wright and the William J. Devine and the Massachusetts Womens Amateur Championship and Presidents Cup held over four days at the George Wright. The unprecedented move was the first time in state history that either a mens or womens amateur golf championship was held at a public municipal course.Founded in 1938, the 18-hole par 70 Donald Ross-designed George Wright Golf Course is a hidden gem in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Boston open seven days a week through November. The clubhouse will continue their popular acoustic music series this summer on the outdoor patio. Contact PGA Professional Scott Allen at 617-364-2300 for more information.The second-oldest public golf course in America and part of the historic Emerald Necklace, the William J. Devine Golf Course at Franklin Park in Dorchester offers a pleasant golf experience only minutes from downtown Boston and is open year-round, weather permitting. A new patio overseeing the golf course and a new roof are two of this seasons enhancements. The new outdoor patio will also feature new chairs, tables, and umbrellas with seating for up to 100 people.Contact PGA Professional Kevin Frawley at 617-265-4084 for more information.
The Digital Team always advocates the importance of accessibility in design. Our goal is to meet AA compliance, based on the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines from the organization that sets web standards.While we strive to meet that mark  and thought we were  an email that the Citys Disabilities Commission received from a constituent alerted us to the fact that we were falling short when it came to our use of colors. Thanks to some minor tweaks to our pattern library, we were able to create a more accessible experience for our users.Weve always relied on input from the people who use our digital tools, and this case was no different. A subscriber to the Disabilities Commission newsletter reported having trouble reading links through our newsletter system. When a Disabilities staff member dug deeper, they found that the problem was stemming from our colors and styling. They were not meeting the color contrast ratio set for accessible text.Fortunately, we have our digital branding in a pattern library that guides the styling and colors across our digital tools and Boston.gov. With our design specifications housed in this central location, we knew we could review the necessary changes and consequences more easily. We decided to take a step back and revisit all of the colors used in our brand guidelines to make sure we were meeting our digital accessibility goals.The Digital Team has been fortunate to have a great partner in IDEO. Aside from designing Boston.gov, theyve also been there for us when we need someone to bounce ideas off of. We put together an impromptu brainstorming session with them to figure out the best way to move forward. We were excited to include industry experts as we worked to resolve this issue.On certain background colors, we just werent meeting the minimum standard for color contrast ratios. We found issues with two main colors on the site:They were problematic in certain uses of our secondary colors for text. For example, if we used an Optimistic Blue color on Pale Gray or our Charles River Blue background, it wouldnt actually provide the level of contrast required.Thanks to some initial research by one of our software engineers, we were able to create a baseline that nearly matched our original colors while meeting AA compliance. The basic idea we came up with was to create light and dark options for everything. Depending on the background-color, wed switch between the light and dark versions to make text more readable.Our IDEO colleagues helped us put together a color palette on the fly. They broke down all of our options for text color based on our background colors. If you check out our color palette, youll see whats acceptable.We tinkered with our initial new colors until we came up with the options you see above. With our new hex codes, we updated our pattern library to make the changes on Boston.gov. Were now in the process of updating the rest of our digital tools, including our newsletter system, to make sure theyre also as accessible as possible.One change you should be seeing soon on Boston.gov is an underline for all of our inline text links. Contrast is important, but underlines add another helpful distinguishing factor for those who struggle with colors. We want to make it clear what you can and cant click on the site. As always, well continue to pay attention to W3C updates and recommendations for web accessibility. If youre interested in web accessibility, Google has some great guides on best practices.We know were not perfect. Theres always going to be something we can make better. Thats true whether its design, content, or technology. The important thing is that we keep our eyes and ears open to potential opportunities for improvement and change. Boston.gov and all of our digital tools are an ongoing effort. Thats why your feedback is so critical to our process. If you see something you think is wrong, or have an idea for ways we can make our tools better, please email us at feedback@boston.gov.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today presented hisFiscal Year 2020 (FY20) budget proposal, a plan that prioritizes investments in innovative approaches to delivering high-quality and equitable services for residents, and upholds the City's strong record of proactive fiscal management. Guided by a commitment to ensure equity and opportunity for all Boston residents, the $3.48 billion plan supports the Walsh Administration's commitment to a responsible, balanced and bold budget, with increased investments in early childhood education, affordable housing, climate preparedness, recovery services, public safety and economic opportunity.The FY20 budget not only strives to improve the lives of residents next year, it also proposes bold long-term investments that will realize benefits for decades and ensures that Boston remains a City of opportunity for the future.""Boston's budget sets forward a blueprint for the values that matter: creating opportunity, ensuring equity and working towards a better Boston for all residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm proud our strong fiscal management will continue to allow us to invest in the future of our city, and growing our middle class. By investing in our future, we'll strengthen our city for all who live here, and for our future generations to come."" The FY20 budget represents a $166 million increase, or five percent, over FY19, and makes strategic investments in improving the quality of life for residents of Boston. This includes new investments of $6.4 million, or 45 percent increase in City-funded housing efforts -- overall, next year Boston will spend $125 million on housing. This also includes $15 million to achieve universal, high-quality pre-Kindergarten for all four-year-olds in Boston $4 million in walkable streets investments and over $500,000 in expanding economic pathways for all residents.""Our FY20 budget turns policy into action, and planning into results,"" said Emme Handy, Boston's Chief Financial Officer. ""Through Mayor Walsh's leadership, Boston has focused on disciplined fiscal management, controlling our liabilities, and creative revenue measures that will deliver new services this year. Boston's financial health is strong and will allow us to invest in Boston's long-term prosperity.""""The operating budget and capital plan remain rooted in fiscal responsibility and ensure the City remains a good steward of public resources,"" said Justin Sterritt, Boston's Budget Director. ""City departments continue to exhibit responsible spending, cost containment efforts, data-based decision making, proactive fiscal management and long-term planning. The City recently retained its AAA bond rating for the fifth year in a row, and this shared sense of fiscal responsibility will ensure the City maintains that rating into the future.""While the City has a growing tax revenue base, the City continues to find efficiencies and prioritizes investing in innovative solutions to provide world-class City services. The FY20 budget includes over $24 million in savings from areas like Health Insurance, Energy efficiencies and other operational savings.High-Quality Education for All StudentsThere is no better reflection of Mayor Walsh's commitment to equal opportunity than the City's continued strong investment in public education. Over the past six years Boston has grown annual public education spending at the Boston Public Schools (BPS) and charter schools by over $300 million. Boston's most recentBPS budget includes $1.139 billionto support high-quality education for all BPS students, Boston's largest-ever school budget.This overall level of investment of $1.139 billion is not only at historic levels, but represents a 25 percent increase in per-student funding, up to over $20,000 per year. Next year alone, funding for public education will grow by more than $63 million over FY19. In addition, this investment has come at a time when state aid for public schools has fallen, and 97 percent of our public education investment has come from local revenue.This year, Mayor Walsh continues his strong commitment to creating quality public education for all with a$15 million investment in a quality pre-Kindergarten fund. The""Quality Pre-K Fund""will guarantee equitable access to free, high-quality pre-K for all 4-year-olds living in Boston within five years.Investments in education in Boston include:Creating and Preserving Affordable HousingThe FY20 budget includesinvestments towards the production of new housing, preservation of existing affordable housing, and protection of households most at risk. The budget includes funding for the expansion of theAdditional Dwelling Units (ADUs)program by allowing the City to provide no-interest loans for income-eligible homeowners who are interested in carving out space within their homes to create smaller, independent units to rent. This program develops more naturally occurring affordable housing options while creating rental income for homeowners.In an effort to preserve Boston's housing stock while providing economic opportunities for residents and temporary accommodations for visitors,Mayor Walsh signed an ordinance in 2018 establishing guidelines to better track and regulate short-term rentals in the City of Boston. In his FY20 budget proposal, Mayor Walsh is allocating new funds to the Boston's Inspectional Services Department for two additional staff members to regulate short-term rentals. These inspectors will assist with the enforcement of the regulations which went into effect on January 1, 2019.The FY20 budget includes funding to expand theIntergenerational Homeshare Program. Launched as a pilot in 2017 as a collaboration between the Age Strong Commission and the Mayor's Housing Innovation Lab, the program leverages technology to match older adults with an extra room with a responsible young person looking for affordable rent. In addition, the FY20 budget will fund a housing court navigator to greet and direct families and individuals facing eviction to appropriate onsite services. Ending Chronic and Youth HomelessnessMayor Walsh's FY20 budget includes $4 million to support the creation of approximately 50 new units of permanent supportive housing each year, which combines subsidized rental housing with individualized support services so that people can receive the assistance they need to stay housed. It also includes $1 million to provide connections to employment, rental assistance, and supportive services for youth, building on the City'saction plan to support young Bostonians experiencing homelessness.In addition, the FY20 budget includes an investment that will fund four formerly homeless individuals to work as peer navigators across shelters in Boston connecting individuals currently experiencing chronic homelessness with permanent housing pathways. Peer housing navigators will help clients with their housing applications, gathering documentation needed for housing, and mentoring others as they transition from homelessness to housing.The budget also includes an expansion in outreach services to provide assessment, crisis intervention, and intensive case management services to unsheltered individuals drawn to the spaces and resources of the Boston Public Library (BPL). The proposed new capacity will enable additional interactions at branch locations, which could include the South End, West End, Uphams Corner, and Dudley.Health, Safety and Wellness for a Growing CityMayor Walsh recognizes that a growing city needs to have robust, effective and accountable public safety services and a force reflective of the communities in which it serves. To that end, the FY20 budget includes funds to diversify recruitment efforts at the Boston Police Department (BPD), Boston Fire Department (BFD) and Boston Emergency Medical Services (EMS). The FY20 budget will further invest in BPD's ongoing work in strengthening community relations and prevention programs by supporting thenew Community Engagement Bureau, funding social workers previously funded by external grants, and growing the size of the police recruit class to 120, taking the City's police force to almost 2,230 officers. The FY20 budget will also continue to fund the police-worn body camera program, first introduced in the FY19 budget with staffing and equipment purchases.In addition, Mayor Walsh is committed to outfitting the Boston Fire Department (BFD) for the 21st century to protect the health and wellness of first responders, and ensure they have the tools they need to fight fires safely. In anticipation of mew authorization under state law, the FY20 budget will fund a new fire cadet class to improve diversity that has proven successful at the Police Department.The FY20 budget includes the addition of another EMS Community Assistance Team or Squad 80 which was first introduced two years ago to reduce ambulance response times. The Community Assistance Team is a non-transport squad who responds to incident call types with low frequency of transport. In its first year of operation, Squad 80 has positively impacted ambulance availability, responding to 2,048 clinical incidents that did not result in a transport and canceling BLS and/or ALS ambulances a total of 442 times, for incidents that did not require patient transport. In addition to freeing up ambulances for Priority 1 calls, the team assists individuals in connecting to city services, including shelters and recovery programs.Building on Mayor Walsh's commitment to providing services for those facing substance use disorder, in FY20 the City will grow the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services by 35 percent so that they can more effectively provide support to those in need of services. This investment will include new staff, new technology and enhanced citywide cleanup efforts. The FY20 budget will allow for the installment of 10 new sharp containers across the City where people can dispose of their used syringes safely.In response to an increase in new HIV diagnoses in the region, Boston will increase prevention and outreach efforts around HIV, hepatitis C, and sexually transmitted infections (STIs). Efforts include but are not limited to prevention, testing, and community engagement. This City funding is in addition to a $15 million grant the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) received to fund core medical and support services for people living with HIV/AIDS and their families.Protecting our EnvironmentMayor Walsh has been at the forefront of recognizing and addressing the risks of climate change, and protecting our environment. During Mayor Walsh's time in office, Boston has retained its title as the most ""efficient city in the United States,"" as named by the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy.In 2018, Mayor Walsh pledged that 10 percent of new revenue in the capital budget would go towards climate resilience. In addition to the climate investments being presented in the Capital Plan in the coming weeks, Mayor Walsh in his FY20 budget proposal will invest in additional staff to support Boston's climate plans and goals, including a Climate Preparedness Manager, Building Energy & Resilience Consultant, Archaeology Lab Manager, and more. In addition, the FY20 budget will invest $460,000 to fund initial recommendations of the forthcoming Zero Waste Report that supports the goal of reducing, repairing and reusing all materials in the City. In an effort to increase and improve our tree canopy, the budget also sets aside $100,000 for urban forestry.These investments build on the Mayor's transformative plan,Resilient Boston Harbor, that lays out strategies along Boston's 47-mile shoreline to increase access and open space along the waterfront while better protecting the city during a major flooding event.Transforming the Future of MobilityOur economic strength is dependent on our ability to move people around our city to businesses, jobs and homes.Building on Boston's long-term transportation plan,Go Boston 2030, theFY20 budget utilizes new revenue to make targeted investments in public space and improved mobility, including:Expanding Opportunities for Prosperity and EquityThe citywide resilience strategy aims to ensure every resident can reach their full potential regardless of their background, and to remove the barriers that hinder Bostonians from having access to opportunities. To that end, the City is investing in areas of equity and prosperity.At the Office of Economic Development, the City is investing in $140,000 to support the Boston Economic Development Center, $135,000 to support mobile businesses, with an initial focus on food trucks, and $125,000 in additional resources for the office of Emerging Industries.In addition, the City is investing to promote the2020 U.S. Censusand ensure every Bostonian is counted. This investment will support Boston's outreach efforts by providing grants to community-based organizations and more support to City departments, in addition to a FY19 investment of dedicated staffing resources. The FY20 Budget for the first time includes funds dedicated for theGreater Boston Immigrant Defense Fund, a public-private partnership launched by Mayor Walsh in 2017 with the goal of strengthening the Boston's capacity to protect and defend its many immigrant communities, refugees, and temporary status holders, by increasing education and access to legal services. City funds in this years budget are estimated to pay counsel for approximately 30 cases.Investing in Arts and CultureThe City continues to introduce more art into the fabric of city life through groundbreaking investments highlighted inBoston Creates, the Mayor's cultural plan for the city. In FY20, the City will invest $200,000 in sustaining key grant making programs for individual artists through theOpportunity Fund, theArtist Fellowship Award, and an additional $250,000 for theBoston Artist in Residence Program, which infuses art into city departments and programs.To support a growing and robust Arts & Culture office, the City will invest operating funds to cover the cost of grants that had expired for the positions of Artist Resource Manager and Communications Director. These investments and the new City-funded grants will create a permanent long-lasting home for arts funding.Building on the robust capital work that has been underway at the Boston Public Library and its branches, the FY20 budget will invest an additional $400,000 to expand access to print and digital resources, expanding access to the material and reducing wait times. In addition to an increase in resources, the Library will increase youth and teen programs by adding additional librarians, and will increase funds for security across the branches.About Imagine Boston 2030Mayor Walsh's FY20 continues to invest in preserving and creating a strong middle class, and creating opportunities for all those who live in Boston. The FY20 budget supports Boston's long-term plan, Imagine Boston 2030.Imagine Boston 2030is Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years aimed at guiding growth to support our dynamic economy and expand opportunity for all residents. The plan prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the City. Shaped by the input of 15,000 residents who contributed their thoughts to the plan, Imagine Boston 2030 identifies five action areas to guide Boston's growth, enhancement and preservation, and is paired with a set of metrics that will evaluate progress and successes. To learn more visit,imagine.boston.gov.For more information on the FY20 budget proposal, please visitbudget.boston.gov."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 49-51 Brown Avenue in Roslindale, MA 02131.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 19, 2019.
In Japan, 60 is a significant number. According to tradition, a person turning 60 has gone through the years of the Chinese zodiac five times and returned to his or her birth zodiac. This is seen as a rebirth (kanreki).Therefore, our two cities are planning a series of events throughout 2019 in order to signify this rebirth of partnership and collaboration.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structureat 22 Ansonia Road in West Roxbury, MA 02132.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 15, 2019.
Public Radio, New American Public Arts winning project from New Urban Mechanics Public Space Invitational, has made its debut at District Halls outdoor plaza. Public Radio is a larger-than-life, futuristic radio that allows anyone to change the station.The creation of Public Radio was made possible by a collaboration between New American Public Art and creative programmer, Andrew Ringler. The project was supported by Microsoft Technology and Civic Engagement,The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, Microsoft Garage, and the Artisans Asylum. Additionally, the project was sponsored in part by Vernier Software & Technology.In the words of the artists behind the project, modern audio experiences are mostly solitary...Public Radio is meant to reinvigorate the shared experience of listening, offering a public amenity at public scale, to play whatever happens to be on the airwaves. Public Radio will be on display through September 2019. For those interested, the design and technical details of Public Radio can be found on Github, where anyone can freely download the software code behind the project.The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics in Boston serves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs.New American Public Art is a Boston based multi-disciplinary studio that conceptualizes, designs, fabricates, and installs interactive projects.Microsofts Technology andCorporate Responsibility work aims to connect the city with Microsoft resources relevant to the top priorities in Boston, including the Microsoft Garage. The Microsoft Garage at NERD is built to optimize the connection between Microsoft and the broader community. With nearly 15,000 square feet of space, the new Garage at NERD provides room to congregate, a makerspace, an advanced makerspace and a reality room.
The Boston Marathon and the Patriots Day Parade will be held on Monday, April 15, 2019. The BAA 5K and the Invitational Mile will be held on Saturday, April 13, 2019. Street closures and parking restrictions will be in effect in the Back Bay, Beacon Hill, Brighton, Fenway-Kenmore, North End and Government Center. People coming into the City for the events are urged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebike rentals may be found online, and information on the MBTA may be found on the T's website. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Changes to the following traffic and parking plan may be made by the City of Bostons Police and Transportation Departments for the purpose of advancing public safety and traffic management. It is important to read all posted signs and variable message boards carefully.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the Boston Parks and Recreation Department has launched a new master plan for Franklin Park, Boston's largest park. With sale of Winthrop Square Garage, Mayor Walsh committed $28 million to revitalize Franklin Park, which was designed by Fredrick Law Olmsted and commissioned in the 1890s in response to the challenges associated with increasing urban density. In preparation for this $28 million investment, Boston Parks and Recreation Department is launching a new master plan for the park.""I'm excited to celebrate the master plan of Franklin Park and the renovations that will help Franklin Park reach its full potential as Boston's largest park, and one of our cherished green spaces,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Thanks to the sale of the Winthrop Street Garage, we will have $28 million to invest in preserving and improving this park for our residents, and for future generations to come.""The plan will provide a vision for the park, building on existing public and private investment and inform the priorities for expenditures from both Winthrop Square funds and future City of Boston Capital Plans. The funds will support capital investments as well as investments in the maintenance and activities of the park.The park is located at the geographic heart of the City, the meeting ground of the Roxbury, Dorchester, Mattapan, Roslindale and Jamaica Plain neighborhoods. Franklin Park draws visitors from throughout the region and around the world. It is the home of the William Devine Golf Course, the historic Bear Cages, Scarboro Pond, a renowned cross country running course, the Franklin Park Zoo, White Stadium, tot lots and playgrounds, miles of trails, and acres of woods and playing fields.The Parks Department recently completed a six-year, $7.25 million project to improve pathways and entrances in Franklin Park, the largest investment in the park since the golf clubhouse was opened in 1998. That work delivered on the long-term community goals of taking Parks Department maintenance traffic off internal park paths and reestablishing Scarborough Pond as a beautiful and restful feature of the Emerald Necklace.The Franklin Park Coalition has been working as the community voice of the park since the 1970s and hosts park events including the spring Kite & Bike Festival. The City and the Coalition worked together to select a unique and dynamic team to facilitate the master planning efforts.""This is a generational opportunity to protect and enhance the public health benefits of our beloved park, while also developing creative new opportunities in partnership with the Parks and Recreation Department,"" said Franklin Park Coalition executive director Janna Cohen-Rosenthal. ""We were impressed by the selected team's collaborative approach, dedication to the community process, and design expertise. We are very excited to begin work on this project.""The team selected is Cambridge-based landscape architects Reed Hilderbrand working in collaboration with Agency Landscape + Planning of Cambridge and MASS Design Group of Boston. Supporting consultants include Nitsch Engineering, Applied Ecological Services, ETM Associates, and ARUP as well as subject matter specialists Stephen Gray, Ethan Carr, Julie Africa, and others.""A master plan for Franklin Park is an exhilarating and humbling commission,"" said John Kett, principal and lead designer for Reed Hilderbrand. ""We recognize the beauty of the landscape Olmsted found and carefully reshaped for public enjoyment, and we appreciate the important role it has played in the lives of city residents for past generations. We are eager to serve the communities who spend their mornings, afternoons, evenings, and weekends here. We are committed to envisioning a sustainable and equitable Franklin Park that contributes to a prosperous and vibrant Boston for future generations.""About Reed HilderbrandReed Hilderbrand has led the design and planning for many culturally significant landscapes, such as The Clark Art Institute in Williamstown, Massachusetts, and award-winning public parks, such as Long Dock Park in Beacon, New York, and Repentance Park in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. Locally, Reed Hilderbrand created the Leventritt Shrub and Vine Garden at the Arnold Arboretum as well as Seaport Common, site of District Hall and the Massachusetts Fallen Heroes Memorial.About Agency Landscape + PlanningAgency Landscape + Planning is a mission-driven, women-owned practice dedicated to addressing social equity, cultural vitality and environmental resilience through design excellence, strategic planning and community-engagement on projects across the country and at home in New England. MASS Design Group is an interdisciplinary collective that designs and builds transformative public projects ranging from medical facilities to public monuments. Their recent project, the National Memorial for Peace and Justice in Montgomery, Alabama, has reached international acclaim and was recently heralded by The Dallas Morning News as ""the single greatest work of 21stcentury American architecture."""
Despite Massachusetts' progressive history in leading health care, many Massachusetts residents still do not have health insurance, with recent reports finding that 20,000 children in the Commonwealth are uninsured. At this weeks Council meeting, the Council adopted a resolution filed by Councilors Zakim and O'Malley supporting Massachusetts Senate Bill No. 683, An Act Establishing Medicare for All in Massachusetts. State Senator James Eldridge sponsored the bill, which would establish a single payer healthcare system in Massachusetts.Establishing a single-payer health care system would allow doctors and patients to make healthcare decisions primarily based on the needs of the patients and also allows patients to access doctors and hospitals without paying premiums or co-pays. The many benefits of Medicare for All would include: affording everyone in the Commonwealth access to medical care, removing millions of dollars in overhead costs, and giving greater leverage to patients to take charge of their health and its care.
"Boston youth ages 16 - 18 are invited to apply now for Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Snap Shot Teen Photography Program. This unique summer job program is made possible via a partnership between BCYF and the John Hancock MLK Summer Scholars Program. The BCYF Snap Shot program teaches youth about photography while they explore Bostons neighborhoods, museums and historic sites. The young people also photograph many BCYF community centers, programs and events. Youth receive a paycheck while participating in the program.This is a great summer employment opportunity for teens that are interested in learning photography while exploring our City and making new friends,"" said William Morales, Commissioner of BCYF. ""I want to thank John Hancocks MLK Scholars Program for being a longtime supporter of this program.A professional photographer teaches the program. Participants learn about different techniques, equipment and concepts. They are also introduced to a variety of professional photographers through books, websites and exhibitions in art galleries and museums around Boston. The program also includes field trips to different neighborhoods in Boston. At the end of the summer, their work is showcased at an exhibition.""Last summer she had an opportunity to work with the Snap Shot Program where got to go out into the city and photograph nature, landscapes, people and more depending on the project for the week, said Aurany Aquasvivas, age 16, from Hyde Park who participated last summer. Because of the program, I became a little less shy and made new friends and even reconnected with a childhood friend.""The program will run from Monday, July 8 through Friday, August 16. Participants will work 20 hours each week. Interested young people can apply by visiting BCYFs website at Boston.Gov/BCYF. Deadline for applying is Friday, May 10. For more information, contact Donna.Reeves@Boston.Gov.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program, the GIRLS Initiative, Camp Joy special needs program and many aquatic offerings."
Currently, BSP officers are classified in Group 1, which consists of officials and general employees, including clerical and administrative workers. Group classification for retirement purposes is determined by the position, occupation, and duties of an employee. Classifying BSP officers as Group 2 would have minimal cost impact because of the membership size and the age of their officers.The BSP officers are working in schools and serve as the first responders for incidents that occur at the schools, including assaults, fights, drug-related incidents, and weapon recovery. The BSP officers play an important role in maintaining security at the schools and building trust with students, creating and maintaining a safe learning environment.Councilor Baker stated that the work of BSP officers is comparable to Boston Police Department (BPD) officers, as BSP officers are licensed by BPD as special police officers, and complete public safety and training programs through BPD.The legislation needs a signature from the Mayor and approval by the State Legislature to go into effect.
Who benefits from language and communications access? The short answer is that it is for any constituent who requires language or communications assistance when interacting with the City of Boston. This constituency includes Boston residents, business owners, visitors, students, community members, etc.More specifically, our program focuses on providing meaningful access to two main demographic groups: people who use languages other than English and people who have disabilities. Below is an overview of these demographic groups in Boston as of 2016. To explore City and neighborhood-specific data in more detail, check out our Demographic Data Reports for Language and for Disability.About 37% of Bostons population uses a language besides English at home. Some are fluent in multiple languages, including English. About 17% say they have some difficulty in speaking, reading, writing, or understanding English. Like any skill, there is a range of proficiencies when it comes to knowing a language. Some people may be in the beginning stages of learning. Others may be fluent but need additional support in specific contexts such as legal or medical situations. It is important to recognize these differences as being unique to the individual and circumstance.The City of Boston supports interpretation and translation for anyone who needs assistance in a language other than English. The top ten most commonly requested language accommodations in Boston are:Our goal is to reduce barriers for people with disabilities that may affect their hearing, speaking, reading, writing, and/or understanding. Increasing communications accessibility includes using supportive technology, adapting the way information is presented and providing services that help people express themselves and understand others.In Boston, there are more than 84,000 people who have a disability. About 22% self-identify as Deaf or have a hearing difficulty, and 21% self-identify as being blind or having a vision difficulty. It is important to recognize that people experience their disability in different ways. A disability can be visible and invisible. It can present several challenges or few challenges to a persons mobility, independent-living, or communications ability. Furthermore, one persons disability may have vastly different implications on their livelihood than another persons experience with the same disability.With this in mind, the City of Boston is working to adopt several standards to increase citywide accessibility for people with disabilities. Specifically, we:We understand that peoples experiences cannot always be simplified to a single label or category. There is a wide range of ways in which someone may experience a language or communication barrier. As such, we are in the midst of a citywide data collection effort to better understand the intersections of language, disability, age, and other details. Learn more about the Language, Disability, and Childcare Survey here (translations available).The best way for us to expand our efforts is to learn from people who would benefit from greater accessibility. Wed love to hear how we are doing, what we can do to improve, or how this kind of accessibility has changed your interactions with the City. You can write to us or submit an anonymous form.Know that your feedback will help shape what we do today and the future direction for years to come.The Office of Language and Communication Access works to strengthen the City of Boston so that services, programs and activities are meaningfully accessible to all constituents. To learn more, visit the Language and Communications Access website.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced his transportation investments in the City of Boston's proposed fiscal year 2020 (FY20) budget and capital plan, with a focus on improving safe, reliable and equitable transportation for all Boston residents. Building on Boston's long-term transportation plan,Go Boston 2030, the FY20 budget utilizes new revenue to make targeted investments in public space and improved mobility, including $2 million for bike infrastructure, $4 million to strengthen Boston's Walkable Streets programs, which equitably reconstructs sidewalks throughout Boston, and $8 million to improve the state of good repair on the City's bridges, roads, sidewalks and lane markings.""Investing in transportation that works for everyone -- whether you walk, bike, take public transportation or drive -- is our key goal as we continue to improve transportation in Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Creating an equitable city with opportunity for all means ensuring residents can move easily and safely around Boston, and these new investments, from bike lanes to reconstructed sidewalks, will go a long way towards ensuring Boston's streets and spaces safe, reliable and accessible for all.""The City's investments also include updates to how it manages metered parking spaces and new investments in Boston's streets. The changes in parking management build from the successful two-yearpilot of performance parkingin Back Bay and the South Boston Waterfront. Through this pilot, the City adjusted parking meter rates to improve the availability of parking and reduce congestion. Expanding this approach across Boston will not only make parking easier, but also generate additional revenue to improve Boston's transportation network.Boston's performance parking pilot was launched in 2016 and focused on two areas with the highest parking demand in Boston -- the Back Bay and the South Boston Waterfront. Taking a different approach in each neighborhood, the City adjusted meter rates and observed the impact on parking availability. The pricing approach taken in the Back Bay, where the City applied a consistent price over a larger area, showed the most positive results, as double-parking decreased by 14 percent, and illegal parking decreased by an average of 22 percent. During this pilot, on average a parking space was available on every block.Building off of the learnings from this two-year pilot, the City is making a series of updates to its parking meter rates, including:These parking meter changes will go into effect on July 1, 2019. Even with these updates, Boston continues to have some of the lowest parking meter prices in the country, with other municipalities' hourly rates at up to $4/hour (Seattle), up to $6.50/hour (San Francisco and Chicago).Residential neighborhoods which do not have parking meters will not see a change.As a result of this improvement, the City expects that the benefits of smarter pricing will also reach these other areas -- it will be easier to find a parking space there will be less illegal parking there will be less double parking all leading to less congestion and lower emissions.With the additional revenue these parking changes bring, Boston will re-invest the funds -- estimated to reach $5 million -- back into creating equitable streets for all.In addition to increased parking meter revenue, Boston is now in its second year of collecting the 10 cent per ride revenue from Transportation Network Companies (TNCs), like Uber and Lyft, which will result in about $3 million in funding available for transportation projects in FY20. In hislegislative package, Mayor Walsh has alsoproposed further measuresto encourage shared TNC rides, and reduce congestion in Boston. This TNC revenue will contribute to funding anti-congestion efforts Citywide, as well as safety and public realm improvements.Together, these areas of new investment include:More Equitable Streets:The City will increase its investment in both spot repairs of broken sidewalks and the full reconstruction of sidewalks. Strengthening Boston's Walkable Streets Program with a $4 million investment, funding will repair sidewalks throughout the City, including reconstructing corridors near the Orchard Gardens school in Roxbury and the Mather School in Glover's Corner, among many others. This complements the City's additional $200,000 operating investment in an innovative sidewalk repair pilot, which aims to more equitably reduce the backlog and create safer and more walkable streets.$500,000 will be for the installation of four tactical plazas in the public realm that will help revitalize underutilized transportation infrastructure and make streets walkable spaces where people can convene, create, and experiment.Boston'sTactical Public Realm Guidelinesfocus on making ""tactical"" placemaking more accessible for all our neighborhoods, creating more nimble and standardized processes for the creation of plazas, parklets, outdoor cafes, and street murals along Boston's streets and sidewalks.More Reliable Commutes:The City will invest $2.65 million in a series of projects to improve people's commutes. Of this investment, $1 million will go towards accelerating the design and construction of Boston's major bike corridors, including extending bike lanes on Massachusetts Avenue to the Columbia Road and the Columbus Avenue bike lanes north to Downtown Boston. One million dollars will be used to accelerate the expansion of bike share infrastructure to outer neighborhoods in order to improve accessibility and reach the City's goal of 268 stations by 2022.These funds also include $200,000 in additional support for Boston's ongoing bus lane program, including repainting the Washington Street and Essex Street bus lane corridors that serve the Silver Line 4 & Silver Line 5, and investing in a plan for improvements to Blue Hill Avenue.$150,000 will be invested in the redesign of the Massachusetts Avenue intersection north of Melnea Cass Boulevard for safety and traffic improvements, including protected bike infrastructure.$300,000 will be invested in traffic signal prioritization services as part of developing BTD's larger data collection and evaluation strategy. This will help with the strategic utilization of curb space and prioritize traffic signal changes to maximize the movement of commuters throughout the city.Mayor Walsh has also focused the FY20 transportation investments on strengthening Boston's infrastructure, even at a time when federal support for infrastructure projects has weakened. This year's budget includes tripling bridge repair funds, doubling the Walkable Streets project, and expanding the roadway resurfacing work across the city. City-owned bridges are especially important. These vital connections allow people and commerce to move about the city, and replacing or upgrading them keeps Boston moving.Major bridge investments include:For roadway safety, the City will dedicate additional funding to the Vision Zero project as the City aims to construct 15 Neighborhood Slow Streets, complete 15 miles of better bike corridors and fix 15 of the most challenging intersections in the next three years. The City will also continue to increase the investment in a citywide, multi-year campaign to bring all painted crosswalks, lane markings, bike and bus lanes into a state of good repair. Well-marked roads with appropriate insignia help to reduce collisions and make roads safer for all residents.In his speech last month to the Boston Municipal Bureau, Mayor Walsh announcednew initiatives and investments being made in Boston's transportation infrastructurethat will help increase safety for all users of the road, ease congestion and provide more viable transportation options for residents, including reducing Boston's speed limit to 20 miles per hour, piloting ride-sharing pick-up/drop-off points, piloting new bus lanes, and providing MBTA passes to all students grades 7-12.These continued investments and initiatives all align with the City's commitment toGo Boston 2030, the City of Boston's comprehensive transportation plan to build a safe, equitable and reliable multi-modal transportation network for all users of Boston's streets. To date, action has been taken on more than half of the 58 projects and policies identified in the plan. The investments will further complement Go Boston 2030 efforts that have been achieved to date. "
"Building on his commitment to expanding access to affordable housing opportunities and combating chronic homelessness in Boston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced $20.6 million in City funds to support housing efforts as part of the Mayors Fiscal Year 2020 (FY20) operating budget proposal. The City investments to sustain and expand its housing goals represent an increase of approximately $6.4 million, or 45 percent, in the FY20 operating budget for housing over last year. Five million dollars of this investment will be generated as part of implementing the Commonwealths new Room Occupancy Excise Law and in accordance with the Citys local ordinances. The Department of Neighborhood Developments total budget also includes $64.9 million from external grants and $20.1 million in anticipated spending from the Inclusionary Development Program.""Housing affordability remains one of our top priorities in Boston, and I am proud that through our proposed budget we are doubling down on our efforts to create and preserve more affordable housing for residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. Over the last four years, Boston has built more income-restricted housing than in any similar period on record. Through the new tools and funding in our budget, we will be able to further build upon the progress we have made, and expand our reach to offer more housing options to residents.""As Boston continues to look for ways to address its housing needs, the City has identified an opportunity to increase its limited revenue and permanently target the funds to enhance housing and homelessness efforts. As part of implementing the Commonwealths new Room Occupancy Excise Law, $5 million will be generated through increasing Bostons Room Occupancy Local Excise Tax by 0.5 percentage points to 6.5 percent for all lodging establishments. In the first year, $4 million will be targeted towards creating 50 new units of permanent supportive housing and $1 million to create pathways for youth and young adults experiencing homelessness.This budget reflects the Walsh Administrations continued commitment to identifying additional resources for affordable housing, said Sheila Dillon, Bostons Chief of Housing. It also shows our willingness to explore and fund new ideas to increase the supply of affordable housing and programs that protect the most vulnerable members of our community.These new investments are in addition to the many other housing investments contained in the Mayors FY20 operating budget that target the full spectrum of housing needs in Boston. Departments across the entire City will implement new FY20 investments that will help address homelessness, create and preserve affordable housing, and support homeowners and renters.The following investments target the three priorities outlined in the Citys housing plan Housing a Changing City: production of new housing, preservation of existing affordable housing, and protection of those households most at risk. To accomplish these goals, Mayor Walsh has committed to help create 69,000 new units of housing at a variety of income levels across the City, including nearly 16,000 new units of income-restricted housing that will bring Bostons total number of income-restricted units to 70,000 by 2030.Ending Chronic and Youth Homelessness Mayor Walshs FY20 recommended budget includes $4 million to support the creation of approximately 50 new units of permanent supportive housing each year. Permanent supportive housing combines subsidized rental housing with individualized support services so that people can receive the assistance they need to stay housed. Creating new permanent supportive housing is a critical component of Boston's Way Home, the City's plan to end chronic homelessness. The services are designed to build independent living skills and to connect people with services such as community-based health care, help with mental health issues, substance use counseling, and employment services.By definition, chronically homeless individuals have barriers that create challenges to remaining housed. These barriers can include physical disabilities, substance use disorder, and mental health issues, among others. Without additional assistance, some chronically homeless men and women are not able to maintain their homes. Since the launch of Boston's Way Home, the City has:Pine Street Inn is extremely pleased to partner with Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston on its commitment to end chronic homelessness, said Lyndia Downie, president and executive director of Pine Street Inn. We know that having a home  a safe, stable place to go every day  can make all the difference in a persons life. We are very fortunate to have the kind of leadership in Boston that puts its resources behind solving a challenge that affects not just those who are homeless, but all of us who live or work in Boston. Providing housing with support services is not just the right thing to do  it is also cost-effective, saving over $10,000 per person/per year on emergency systems.The FY20 recommended budget also includes $1 million to provide connections to employment, rental assistance, and supportive services for youth, building on the Citys action plan to support young Bostonians experiencing homelessness. These funds will help support early identification and outreach, increase access to effective supports, and to develop a collaborative system to create pathways to opportunity for those experiencing homelessness. This investment is on top of a $4.9 million Youth Homelessness Demonstration Program grant from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD).In addition, the FY20 budget includes a $300,000 investment that will fund four formerly homeless individuals to work as peer navigators across shelters in Boston connecting individuals currently experiencing chronic homelessness with permanent housing pathways. Peer housing navigators will help clients with their housing applications, gathering documentation needed for housing, and mentoring others as they transition from homelessness to housing.The budget also includes a $100,000 expansion in outreach services to provide assessment, crisis intervention, and intensive case management services to unsheltered individuals drawn to the spaces and resources of the Boston Public Library (BPL).Launched in 2017, the current program, in which a full-time outreach worker is embedded at the BPLs Central Library in Copley Square, comprises, on average, approximately 126 unique client interactions per month. These interactions, which include placements in housing and treatment programs, are expected to double with the additional capacity provided in the FY20 budget. The proposed new capacity will add social work interns to the program, enabling additional interactions at branch locations, which could include the South End, West End, Uphams Corner, and Dudley. Services will also be dispatched to additional locations as needed. Creating and Preserving Affordable Housing Building and preserving affordable housing continues to be a cornerstone of the Administrations efforts to address the Citys housing needs. To that end, the recommended FY20 budget includes funding for the expansion of the Additional Dwelling Units (ADUs) program. This $650,000 investment will provide zero-interest loans for income-eligible homeowners. The program allows owner-occupants to carve out space within their homes to create smaller, independent units in East Boston, Mattapan and Jamaica Plain, developing more naturally occurring affordable housing options while creating rental income for homeowners. Since the pilot launched in 2017, 12 ADU permits have been issued, and the City is planning to expand the program to all neighborhoods this spring. No-interest loans of up to $30,000 for income-eligible homeowners will help more owners across Boston create ADUs.Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh and the City's Community Preservation Committee (CPC) allocated more than $18 million from Community Preservation Act (CPA) funds to create and preserve hundreds of units of housing, and to contribute to affordable housing programming like the Acquisition Opportunity Program (AOP) and the Boston Home Center. The AOP provides funding to community development corporations and others to purchase rental housing units from the speculative market and income-restrict them.In an effort to preserve Bostons housing stock while providing economic opportunities for residents and temporary accommodations for visitors, Mayor Walsh signed an ordinance in 2018 establishing guidelines and regulations to better track and regulate short-term rentals in the City of Boston. The regulations, which went into effect on January 1, 2019, allow for the growth of the home-sharing industry, while including deterrents to prevent operators from monopolizing Boston's housing market with short-term rentals.In his FY20 budget proposal, Mayor Walsh is investing more than $105,000 in the Bostons Inspectional Services Department for two additional staff members to regulate short-term rentals. These inspectors will assist with the enforcement of the regulations, working to ensure that the owners are abiding by the regulations that classify short-term rental units: limited share unit, home share unit, and owner-adjacent unit.The regulations provide protection for the occupants of the short-term rental unit by prohibiting any property with outstanding housing, sanitary, building, fire or zoning-code violations from being listed. The regulations require the unit to register with the City of Boston each year to verify compliance with the provisions of the ordinance, and pay an annual license fee.Supporting Homeowners and RentersThe FY20 budget includes $100,000 to expand the Intergenerational Homeshare Program. Launched as a pilot in 2017 as a collaboration between the Age Strong Commission and the Mayors Housing Innovation Lab, the program leverages technology to match older adults with an extra room with a responsible young person looking for affordable rent. Some agreements even include exchanging basic help with daily living for lower rent. Funding will allow the program to pair 100 matches in FY20 by hiring a vendor to recruit and assist hosts, vet applicants, and provide ongoing support for participants.In addition, the FY20 budget will provide $25,000 to fund a housing court navigator. While there are nonprofit resources available at Housing Court, they are often hard to find and navigate. This effort will fund staff to greet and direct families and individuals facing eviction to appropriate onsite services. The City's FY20 budget will be formally released on Wednesday, April 10, 2019, and residents are encouraged to visit budget.boston.gov to find out more information about investments being made in their community."
Traffic and parking will be impacted and people coming into the City for the events are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.The Greek Independence Day Parade will begin forming at Noon on Boylston Street from Hereford Street to Fairfield Street on Hereford Street from Newbury Street to Boylston Street and on Gloucester Street from Newbury Street to Boylston Street. The parade will begin at 1 PM on Boylston Street at Fairfield Street with an estimated 5,000 marchers walking on Boylston Street to Charles Street, turning left on Charles Street, and entering the Boston Common for a celebration at the Parkman Bandstand that will end at 4 PM. The formation area is expected to close to traffic at Noon the parade route is expected to close to traffic shortly before 1 PM. During the parade, no traffic will be allowed toward Charles Street from the intersection of Boylston and Tremont Streets, and at the intersection of Charles and Boylston Streets all traffic will be directed toward Tremont Street.Doyles Road Race will begin at 11 AM on Circuit Drive. An estimated 2,000 runners will proceed to Playstead Road, to the traffic island near White Stadium, and return via Playstead Road, to Circuit Drive, to the footpath over Scarboro Pond, through the Elliot Arch, to Williams Street, ending at Doyles.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday temporary parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Walk MS will begin at 10 AM at Nickerson Field. An estimated 1,500 marchers will proceed to Harry Agganis Way, turn left onto Silber Way, to the Silber Way Overpass to the Charles River Esplanade, cross back over Storrow Drive by footbridge exiting onto Bay State Road, follow footpaths through Marsh Chapel, turn right onto Commonwealth Avenue, right onto Agganis Way, to Nickerson Field.
The spring months have arrived, and with them comenew activities, opportunities, and responsibilities. It is a commonly held belief that stress and mental health issues are worse during the winter and go down in the spring as the weather gets nicer. However studies have shown that the spring and summer months are most strongly associated with increases in stress, depression, anxiety, and other mental health problems. Extreme stress can be a pathway to both mental and physical illness, and even take you to the hospital. April can be an excellent time to take stock of sources of stress in your work life and home life, and to begin to take steps to address them.Here are some tips to help combat stress, both at work and home:Be sure to check out the Employee Assistance Programs Stress Management Presentation for further tips and support, including a guided breathing exercise.
The Boston Marathon and the Citys PatriotsDay Parade will be held onMonday, April 15. The BAA 5K andInvitational Mile will be held onSaturday, April 13. During the weekend, there will be street closures and parking restrictions in the Back Bay, Beacon Hill, Brighton, Fenway-Kenmore, the North End, and Government Center.
When Bostonians think of spring, we think March Madness, the start of the Red Sox season, and, of course, the opening of Sullys in South Boston.Although those are all very important events, making a conscious effort to prepare your home for spring is just as important. We had a pretty mild winter this year, but its important to check your home for any damage from the winter weather.A brief walkthrough of your property will help determine if any repairs are needed. Here are some things to look for:Reminder: hire a licensed contractor for all structural repairs.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Haley Dillon as the South Boston Neighborhood Liaison within the Mayors Civic Engagement Cabinet.I am very happy to announce Haley as my liaison to the South Boston neighborhood, said Mayor Walsh. Haley has a proven track record of helping her neighborhood through various volunteer opportunities and I know she will continue to make sure South Boston residents are engaged and receive the best city services.The Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services (ONS) encourages, facilitates and maximizes citizen input and participation through service requests, neighborhood meetings, mailings and emergency responses. To report non-emergency issues to the City, residents are encouraged to connect with BOS:311 by dialing 3-1-1 or by downloading the free BOS:311 app on iOS or Android platforms.I wish to thank Mayor Walsh for this incredible opportunity, said Haley Dillon. The Mayors commitment to South Boston is inspiring and I look forward to continuing his vision for this amazing neighborhood.Born and raised in South Boston, Haley attended the Gate of Heaven school, Boston Collegiate Charter School and received her Bachelors of Arts in Communications from the University of Maine at Orono.In her spare time, Haley enjoys volunteering at the Curley Community Center and can be found playing various sports at many of South Boston's parks.
We are expanding our team of passionate, dedicated, and experienced people working to realizeGo Boston 2030s goalsof expanding access, improving safety, and ensuringreliability.You can apply today for positions that are posted on the City of Boston Career Center. Some positions are not yet posted. If you're interested in those, let us know by filling out this preliminary interest form.
Dear Friend,I wanted to make sure you saw the op-ed in Mondays Globe by Emerson College President Lee Pelton and Martha Sheridan, the new president of the Greater Boston Convention and Visitors Bureau. In it, Lee and Martha mentioned a bill we proposed, filed by Chairman Michlewitz and Senator Collins, that would establish a commission to explore dedicated funding for tourism, arts and culture, and workforce development in the hospitality and creative industries.Martha and Lee laid out a strong case for the strength of the tourism industry in Massachusetts, and for the inextricable ties it has to arts and culture. Just last week, theNational Endowment for the Arts and the Bureau of Economic Analysis released a reportstating that arts and culture generate 4.2% of the GDP. Thats more than transportation or agriculture  sectors that enjoy a range of subsidies.In Massachusetts, tourism is our third largest industry, and while we like to think of Boston as the beating heart of that sector, I know that mayors from Salem, Cape Cod, the Berkshires, the South Coast, and all over the state would agree that investment in tourism is good for the Massachusetts economy.Here in Boston, we have increased our investment in the arts, expanding grants to small organizations, embedding artists in city departments, and instituting a Percent for Artprogram, which invests 1% of our capital borrowing in public art in and around municipal buildings. We are currently working on projects in Jamaica Plain, East Boston, and Roxbury. We are working with Emerson College and Massachusetts College of Art and Design on a creative industries workforce study that will help us to create pathways to good jobs in design, arts administration, education, and media.But cities and towns need more resources, and we are asking that the Commonwealth assemble a panel of experts to think about how we measure up to other states, and to identify ways that we can do more.How can you help?First, you can call your representative and ask her or him to support H.2943, and call your senator to ask for support for S.2021. Then, you can forward this note to your friends across the Commonwealth, and ask them to do the same.We know that investment in tourism and arts and culture will pay dividends for decades to come. Please join us in asking the legislature to start this important conversation.Sincerely,Martin J. Walsh
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structurelocated at 9 Glencoe Street in Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 11, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 56 Winship Street in Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 12, 2019.
The ordinance will allow the City of Boston to regulate businesses that offer small vehicles for rent on City streets and sidewalks through the creation of a flexible license structure from the Boston Transportation Department (BTD). The ordinance was sponsored by Mayor Martin J. Walsh and was referred to the Committee on Government Operations on January 30, 2019. The Committee on Government Operations, chaired by Councilor Flaherty, held a hearing and a working session on the matter before recommending passage in an amended draft.Councilor OMalley, who has been vocal about micro-mobility in Boston said, Weve seen other cities have tremendously successful rollouts of micro-mobility, particularly electric scooters. Weve seen others that had some fits and starts from the beginning, so were going to do it right. Were going to do it the Boston way. He also stated that he is a big supporter of micro-mobility for three key reasons. They help move people around and remove cars from the road, they help us lower our greenhouse gas emissions, and if done right  it can actually generate revenue for the City.The ordinance establishes a Small Vehicle Sharing Business Advisory Committee to advise the Commissioner of BTD on regulatory authorities of the small vehicle sharing businesses. The Committee will be comprised of representatives from the Office of New Urban Mechanics, the Disability Commission, the City Council President, or such other Councilor designated from time to time by the Council President, and the Environment Department. The Committee will advise the Commissioner on issues related to the regulatory authority, such as issues of safety, licensing as well as a variety of other related issues, such as equity and sustainability. The ordinance takes into account the constantly evolving nature of the industry and allows the BTD to have the ability to create a flexible framework that ensures the safe operation of the small vehicle sharing businesses in the City.
can you name a love without rigor? without sweet acheand stretch and sunshine and sweat. Boston, parent ofour hallowed america, someone elses god before theland was conquered. not the city we are born of, but itis a charitable home. the same way the city upon a hillgave birth to a country and we are all now inside a nationand unbelonging at once. there is not a love i can fathomwith neither push nor pull. with neither grit nor sorrownor glory raining out the other end. what is a home, then,if unhinged and locked. beloved city, gemmed withbodegas on its corners, each studded with a cat guardingthe front stoop. gracious current, ringing the rush of theriver, the calm of the pond, and the guilt of the oceanhushing secrets along dorchesters shores. beantown,the best to keep the kept. slades on tremont and bintousin roslindale. home is the booth we plop into, the cafeswhere the cashier craft meals that fill us. dear city,southwest corridor thumming from the subway racingagainst air. patron saint of travelers, plague of trolleys,hold us still at lights, unlearn us bustle and hand uspatience. memorandum to slow. remind us who it iswe are and the blood love it took to raise us. city ofbuilding blocks, place of clear water, of culture-shaping, of planting and planning. tri-hilled city, tipthe cup of tea and bring on the massacre. city ofbuilding up, up, up and people out, out, out. city oframming, city of running, of shifting, pacing, fast,gone. champion of all. parade for everything.celebrate the house, the keeper of our bones. nestto our families. who will want if we wont and whatis a heart if it does not pulse? doesnt pull itselftoward itself and extract itself away again? whatis a heart if it doesnt pause then continue as toremind the body it has chosen to keep going.the gallant and the trodden, the gentrified andthe migrant. from roxbury to the seaport. harbor,castle island, cobbled stoned tomb of chest, cobbled-stoned town, always shouting our melancholy bigon your pavements, always chasing friends awayand further into your arms. sirened city, sunnedbathe, sillied picnic, public garden concerts. youbeautiful summer. you firework and worth it all.you cold heat to my head, investor in wealth and health.eldest master, first future of our states, teacher of lovelong-standing, of might, fight and force. politics and windblow a barbed breeze, cutting kisses across the face. ocity i love, o city i know and walk the lawn of. city icarry between my cheeks, around my neck. city i foundalong my palms, under my nails. city of song blaring,of loud leaping rhythm familiar and inescapable, callingout to each of us by heart, singing out to all of us by name.
In order to welcome the local elf and fairy population, the Boston Parks and Recreation Department will host their sixth annual Fairy House Building family event on Thursday, April 18, from 10 a.m. to 12 noon at Schoolmaster Hill in Franklin Park.Local children and families are invited to help by building tiny homes for them. Spring is the best time to build fairy houses, experts say, providing the magical creatures with shelter for the coming summer months and the flitting season that begins in late May.This free family event will include outdoor nature play, storytelling, entertainment with Rosalitas Puppets, plant education from the Massachusetts Horticultural Society, and face painting. Children are encouraged to wear their favorite fairy and elf costumes to encourage their tiny guests to alight in Franklin Park. Natural materials will be provided, and youngsters are encouraged to explore their surroundings to find natural elements such as sticks, stones, and leaves to adorn their fairy houses. There will also be a fairy puppet show at 11:30 a.m.Located in Franklin Parks historic 220-acre forest among oak and pine trees overlooking the William Devine Golf Course, Schoolmaster Hill provides the perfect location for fairy and elf habitat that recognizes their connection to the earth by utilizing building materials from the woods around them.Schoolmaster Hill is located on Circuit Drive between the William Devine Golf Course Clubhouse and Shattuck Hospital. For more information, please call the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at 617-635-4505, check out the Parks Department website,or visit our Facebook page.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture today announced 10 projects that will improve public spaces have been awarded grants totaling $809,500 through the City of Bostons Edward Ingersoll Browne Trust Fund.The grantees in this round of Browne funding represent a diverse array of projects from all across the City of Boston, said Mayor Walsh. Weve seen the tremendous impact that public art and the beautification of neighborhoods can have on the City as a whole, and I am excited to see these projects enhance neighborhoods and uplift communities.The Browne Fund was created in 1892 by Edward Ingersoll Browne who gave one-third of his estate to the fund. The projects in the most recent round of funding include:Mayor Walsh offers remarks during the annual Memorial Day Ceremony at the Puerto Rican Veterans Monument in the South End (May 28, 2018)The community-driven projects awarded funding this year play an important role in integrating arts and culture into the public realm and embedding more public art into every neighborhood of Boston, said Chief of Arts and Culture Kara Elliott-Ortega.In addition to the Browne Fund, the City of Boston also supported 198 individual artists with over $190,000 in funding through the Opportunity Fund in 2018, and awarded over $480,000 to 221 arts organizations and projects through Boston Cultural Council organizational grants earlier this year. Several permanent public art projects are also underway in the City, as a result of the Percent for Art program, which allocates one percent of the Citys capital construction budget to the creation of permanent public art.In accordance with the Browne Fund guidelines, organizations that received funding are required to complete the funded portion of their projects within 18 months of receiving the award.To learn more about other resources for funding art in the City of Boston, visit here.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Bethany Serota as Deputy Director of the Mayors Office of Fair Housing and Equity. In her role as Deputy Director, Serota is responsible for managing the day to day operations and the administration of the Office to ensure that the Office effectively engages and serves residents, especially the most vulnerable, and advocates for fair housing and equity, to reach the Offices mission of addressing discrimination and ensuring fair access to housing, public services, accommodations, and participation in activities for all people of Boston. Housing equity is one of our intentional priorities to make sure that everyone has access to housing without fear of discrimination, said Mayor Walsh.  Bethany has a long history of promoting social justice and equity, and I am proud to have her at the Office of Housing and Equity and doing the great work to sustain equitable access to housing throughout the city of Boston.Serota received her B.A. from Temple University and J.D. from Suffolk University Law School. As a litigator, Serota represented clients who could not afford to pay for legal counsel and were challenged by a number of systemic barriers. Serota also represented clients in real estate transactions as well as in housing, probate, and family court matters. Additionally, Serotas advocacy extended across international borders, as she worked with refugees and asylum seekers in the Middle East. In the spirit of the Boston Urban Youth Foundation, Serota Co-Founded and Co-Directs G.I.R.L.S. R.U.L.E., an empowerment program for teenage girls in Roxbury. Serota is an active member of the Massachusetts Black Lawyers Association, where she serves as an Officer on the Board of Directors as the Secretary, and as a member of the Community Service and External Affairs Committees. Serota is also a member of the Citizens Housing and Planning Association, the Massachusetts Academy of Trial Attorneys, and the Nine Streets Neighborhood Association in Roxbury.I am extremely thankful to Mayor Walsh for the opportunity to serve the extraordinary people of the City of Boston, and to work collaboratively with the administration and external partners in our mission to ensure that the City of Boston is an equitable city for all, said Bethany Serota. Born out of the Civil Rights Movement, our Office has been working to eradicate housing discrimination and create equitable access to housing opportunities for everyone. I have devoted my life and career to promoting social justice and equity, specifically for marginalized and underserved populations, so I am excited to work alongside the Mayor to carry out the critical work that our Office undertakes.Under the umbrella of the Mayors Office of Fair Housing and Equity, the Boston Fair Housing Commission (BFHC) has the authority and jurisdiction to investigate and enforce housing discrimination cases within the City of Boston, in partnership with HUD and the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination. Constituents who believe they have faced housing discrimination as a result of any of the 14 protected classes may inquire and potentially file a formal complaint with the Office. The Office of Fair Housing and Equity also works closely with the Department of Neighborhood Development, the Office of Housing Stability, and the Boston Home Center to affirmatively further the city's mission to increase access to housing opportunities. Additionally, the Office engages in targeted outreach and education to residents, as well as training to housing providers, landlords, tenants, agents, and homebuyers to ensure an understanding of Fair Housing Laws and rights. On April 13, 2019, the Mayors Office of Fair Housing will host its annual Fair Housing Open House. The Open House event is an opportunity for constituents to learn about the Boston Fair Housing Commission, which investigates complaints of housing discrimination within the City. Constituents will also have the opportunity to connect with other City housing agencies, departments, and partners who will provide information about affordable housing options for renters and buyers, as well as other related housing resources. This event will consist of guest speakers, informational sessions, and outreach materials related to housing resources in Boston.To further the Citys commitment to housing equity, Mayor Walsh included in his 2019 legislative agenda, An Act to Protect Elderly Tenants. The passage of the bill would prohibit no-fault eviction of people over 75 years of age. The bill would also require landlords to provide notice to the local community at the same time the eviction notice is served to an elderly tenant.
Today, InspectionalServices staff would like to wish Assistant Commissioner John Meaney good luck and much success on his new journey in life. John Meaney dedicated his career to serving and improving the lives of residents in the City of Boston.Throughout his career with the Inspectional Services Department,John earned a number of promotions. He began his journey in 1987 with the Central Artery Project, andhe was quickly promoted to Principal Inspector in the Environmental Division at InspectionalServices. From there, he was promoted to Manager of the Environmental Sanitation Division and then promoted to the Assistant Commissioner of the Health Division. John Meaneys 35 years of tireless service to the City of Boston has only made his passion, caring, and commitment stronger. Through the years, John has embraced and mastered interagency collaborations throughout the City. He has worked closely with:By joining forces, he was able to accomplish a very important task  serving the residents of Boston. John is a true believer that his purpose in life is to help others.John has gone above and beyond the requirements of his position by giving back to his community through volunteering and helping people that are at-risk. Although he will be retiring from his position as Assistant Commissioner, John has agreed to work with the sober and transitional community.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the return of Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) summerSuperTeens Program. Youth ages 13-14 in theSuperTeens programwill have the opportunity to attend weekly leadership development workshops, gain work experience in BCYF community centers and participate in field trips to Boston's arts and cultural institutions. Registration begins on April 5.2018 BCYF SuperTeens""I am excited that this summer we are able to expand the program to give 275 teens real work experience that will prepare them for future education and allow them to gain more opportunities,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The SuperTeens Program will empower our young people with important life skills, and I'm proud we're able to bring this program to so many teens.""Sponsored by Comcast and The Foundation for BCYF, this program will provide hands-on work experience and/or service experience, engaging youth in high-quality leadership development workshops based on BCYF's Youth Development Outcomes. Learning based field trips will aid in the development of life readiness and resiliency to help prepare them for their upcoming academic year and future employment.""This program is very fun and I had many opportunities to meet new people and to learn new skills that I may need in my future."" said Avriel Heraldo, age 13, of Dorchester. ""This was fun for my first job and I feel like it prepared me for when I get a real job when I'm older.""The SuperTeens program will run six weeks beginning on Monday, July 8 and ending on Friday, August 16. Participants must be at least thirteen years old on or before July 8 to participate and will receive a stipend at the end of the summer for successful completion of the program. All SuperTeens applicants must complete an online application on BCYF's website atBoston.Gov/BCYF. Online registration will open on Friday, April 5. All slots will be filled on a first come, first served basis. Slots are guaranteed for 275 youth.The SuperTeens Program will operate at the following BCYF community centers:Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF)is the City of Boston's largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program, the GIRLS Initiative, Camp Joy special needs program and many aquatic offerings."
"Mayor Walsh's 2019 legislative agendacontinues his administration's work to create greater opportunity for all residents, and serves all people of Massachusetts through its focus on equity and opportunity, ensuring Boston and Massachusetts' growth benefits all communities in the Commonwealth.Included in the legislative package is ""An Act to Increase Access to Affordable Community College,"" which would replicate Boston's Tuition-Free Community College (TFCC) Initiative launched in June 2016, making it available statewide. TFCC was launched by Mayor Walsh and currently serves 295 students attending Bunker Hill Community College, Roxbury Community College and MassBay Community College. On Wednesday, Mayor Walsh announced that the Benjamin Franklin Institute of Technology will be the first private college.About the Office of Workforce DevelopmentThe Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD) is an innovative agency within the Boston Planning & Development Agency that seeks to ensure the full participation of all Boston residents in the city's economic vitality and future. OWD funds and oversees programs that promote workforce development through education, jobs training, apprenticeships, financial coaching, career pathways, literacy initiatives, and the like. Please visitOWD.Boston.Govto learn more about OWD's work."
"At theCity Archives, we have records of Boston's businesses. Afew years ago, one of our archivists was looking up a business certificate for another individual. As sheskimmed down the page, shesaw the below entry for Leonard Child Photographers. She did a double take when she saw the name of the business owner,but sure enough, the entry said ""Leonard Nimoy.""Leonard Nimoy registered this business on July 9, 1948, when he was about 17 years old.Were not sure how long Nimoy ran his child photography business, or how successful he was. But we do know that photography was a life-long interest of Nimoys. After achieving Star Trek fame, Nimoy returned to photography. In the 1970s, he studied photography at UCLA. He published a collection of his photographs in 2007 and in 2010, he exhibited photographs at the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art. Our business certificate records are probably not the first collection we'd recommend for cool history about Boston's celebrity residentsbut they surprised us!This discovery goes to show that you never know what you might run across in the City Archives!"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Enrique Pepen as the Jamaica Plain Neighborhood Liaison within the Mayors Civic Engagement Cabinet. ""I am excited to have Enrique join my office and know he will serve the residents of Jamaica Plain well,""said Mayor Walsh. ""Enrique has dedicated his career to helping the residents of Boston and the Commonwealth. This appointment will make sure that Jamaica Plain continues to receive excellent city services.""The Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services (ONS) encourages, facilitates and maximizes citizen input and participation through service requests, neighborhood meetings, mailings and emergency responses. To report non-emergency issues to the City, residents are encouraged to connect with BOS:311 by dialing 3-1-1 or by downloading the free BOS:311 app on iOS or Android platforms.""I am very honored to be appointed to this position by Mayor Walsh,""said Enrique. ""The Mayor has worked very hard to keep Jamaica Plain the special and diverse neighborhood its always been and I am very excited to continue his vision for the neighborhood.""Born and raised in Boston, Enrique attended the John D. OBryant school and is currently working towards his Bachelor of Arts in Law and Public Policy at Suffolk University. Prior to this appointment, Enrique worked as district coordinator for Congressman Joe Kennedy III helping constituents navigate the federal government in English and Spanish. Alexandra Valdez formerly served as the Jamaica Plain liaison, until she was named the Director of Engagement in the Mayors Economic Mobility Lab earlier this month.In his spare time, Enrique enjoys walks along Centre and South Streets or practicing his photography skills."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structureat 11 Conway Street in Roslindale, MA 02131.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April 4, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 3 Baker Court in Dorchester, MA 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on April2, 2019.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts & Culture, in collaboration with the Boston Art Commission and Boston Police Department, today announced a call to artists to create a permanent piece of public art that complements a new police station in East Boston that was funded through Mayor Walshs Imagine Boston 2030 Capital Plan. Incorporating public art into the construction of this new police station is exciting because it gives us the opportunity to make the building more welcoming, approachable, and reflective of the rich culture in East Boston, said Mayor Walsh. Through the Percent for Art program, we will continue to make more public art available for people to enjoy all across the City of Boston. This call to artists is part of the City of Bostons Percent for Art program, announced by Mayor Walsh in 2016, which sets aside one percent of the City's annual capital borrowing as a budget for the commission of public art. The City also has Percent for Art projects underway in Jamaica Plain and Roxbury.The public art will be placed on the new Area A-7 Police Station in East Boston, which recently received an investment of $29 million through the Mayors capital plan for design and construction of a new 27,505 square foot station that will be situated at the intersection of East Eagle and Condor Streets. The new building will be welcoming to the community, while having a civic presence through public art. Any opportunity, be it through police work or art work, that allows the men and women of the BPD to expand their capacity to protect and serve our community members while drawing attention to and highlighting the accessibility of our neighborhood police stations, as well as the approachability of our hard-working police officers is most certainly a project that we want to participate in and fully support, said Police Commissioner William Gross.Artists are encouraged to consider three key qualities of the East Boston neighborhood in their applications: its deep history within a wide variety of immigrant communities, its geographic location and how that has put it on the front lines of climate change, and its strong neighborhood identity and close-knit community.In a changing, diverse, and growing neighborhood like Eastie, public art can bring people together by communicating at several levels to several folks, said Kannan Thiruvengadam, director of Eastie Farm and an East Boston resident. It can beautify space, make people stop, see, and wonder, and provoke thought and conversation.The City has identified several potential sites for the artwork, including the entrance lobby, the community room, and three locations outside of the station. The project is expected to take approximately two years to complete.A rendering indicating the locations identified as potential sites for the artwork.This call to artists is open to all artists, artisans, architects, landscape architects, or teams with experience in public art, site responsive design, project management, and construction administration. This project is the perfect opportunity to showcase the power public art can have on uniting communities and fostering cross-cultural exchange, said Kara Elliott-Ortega, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. I look forward to seeing how this project helps us reach a new level of creative problem solving and bridge the gap between law enforcement and local residents.An Artist Selection Committee comprised of representatives from the Boston Art Commission and local arts professionals representing East Boston will review applications using criteria including experience, past work, knowledge of materials and their durability, experience working with multiple stakeholders, and how well the artist/team responds to the goals and community values outlined in the call.The deadline to apply for the project is Thursday, April 25 at noon EST. You can apply for the project online.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include implementing the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates commissioning public art, managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester.The Boston Art Commission (BAC), an independent board of arts leaders charged with the care and custody of all artworks on City of Boston property, advocates for the creation of innovative and transformative art and promotes its accessibility to enrich the lives of Boston's diverse citizens and visitors. The Art Commission advises, supports, and consults with artists and communities, City departments, and others. It commissions, approves, and conserves the City of Boston's collection of art and historical artifacts.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Lina Tramelli as the East Boston Neighborhood Liaison within the Mayors Civic Engagement Cabinet. Jess Garca-Mota who previously held this position will now be Mayor Walshs liaison to the citywide Latino community.Lina has a fantastic background in public service and I couldnt be more excited for her to become the East Boston liaison, said Mayor Walsh. East Boston is a neighborhood full of tradition, growth and diversity and I know she will continue to be an advocate for the residents and businesses in East Boston. As the East Boston liaison, Lina will serve as the primary contact for constituents and businesses looking to connect with the Mayor's Office, and will facilitate the delivery of services in collaboration with City departments.The Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services (ONS) encourages, facilitates and maximizes citizen input and participation through service requests, neighborhood meetings, mailings and emergency responses. To report non-emergency issues to the City, residents are encouraged to connect with BOS:311 by dialing 3-1-1 or by downloading the free BOS:311 app on iOS or Android platforms.I sincerely want to thank Mayor Walsh for this appointment as his liaison to East Boston, said Lina. Since taking office, the Mayor has made sure East Boston receives excellent city services and I very much look forward to continuing that mission and joining his administration Born in Colombia, Lina received her bachelor's degree from the Universidad de Los Andes in Bogot. She graduated from Harvard University with a masters in Liberal Arts last year. Lina is a native Spanish speaker and proficient in Italian. In her spare time, Lina enjoys exploring the different cultural institutions in East Boston as well as enjoying the local food scene. She is a resident of East Boston.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture, in partnership with the Boston Cultural Council (BCC), have awarded 221 Boston arts organizations and projects Boston Cultural Council organizational grants, totaling $487,000. This marks the Citys largest ever investment in local arts organizations, and is part of an effort to bring accessible opportunities to engage in the arts throughout the entire City. The organizations that received Boston Cultural Council grants this year demonstrate the enormous power of creative expression, and reflect the cultural vitality of our city, said Mayor Walsh. Im eager to see how each organization strengthens Bostons neighborhoods through arts programming in 2019.Grants of up to $5,000 were awarded to organizations in two categories. Organizations with a budget of less than $1 million received general operating support, and organizations with a budget of over $1 million received project-specific support. In order to be eligible for either award, organizations had to either be based in the City of Boston, or offer programming in the City. The City of Boston contributed $300,000 in funding and the Mass Cultural Council (MCC) contributed $187,000 in funding to the BCC. A total of 244 applications were received.Organizations were evaluated on a series of criteria, including diversity of the organization, how well they serve historically represented populations, whether they provide public benefit, and whether they meaningfully reflect the goals and ideas of the Boston Creates cultural plan.The support of the Boston Cultural Council is very significant to us, as it represents public investment in the diversity of LGBTQ art, said Harold Steward, Interim Executive Director of The Theater Offensive, a 2019 BCC grantee. It lends credence to our aesthetic of theater that is by, for, and about Boston residents with a goal of building community and understanding among neighbors by amplifying often untold perspectives and unheard voices. We so appreciate the support of the City of Boston investing public funds in programs like ours that directly support community members.The selected organizations represent an array of disciplines, including visual arts, theater, film, music, dance, and the humanities. The number of grantees has increased by 40 this year, with 181 organizations receiving BCC grants in 2018. Here's a complete list of 2019 grantees.Boston is home to so many incredible arts organizations and cultural institutions that work tirelessly to bring opportunities to engage in creative expression to every individual, in every neighborhood, said Chief Kara Elliott-Ortega. Its great to see Boston provide increased support and resources to these organizations year after year, and witness the impact it has on our local communities.This year, the BCC developed an equity statement and awarded several organizations with an additional Model Equity Organization award of $5,000 in an attempt to further promote cultural, economic, and racial diversity in the arts. The winners of the 2019 Model Equity Organization award were Urbano Project, Arts Connect International, and BAMS Fest.For ACI the Model Equity Organization award is a beautiful recognition of both the work that we are currently doing, as well as the work that we endeavor to do, said Marian Taylor Brown, Executive Director & Founder of Arts Connect International. It is particularly significant for us this year as we are running an inaugural Arts Equity Summit March 22nd - 24th where award monies will support the participation of local Artist Fellows attendance. We thank all of the organizations, artists, and individuals who are doing this cultural work around the city, and are especially thankful to the Boston Cultural Council for their leadership in the creation and piloting of this award.A reception was held Monday at MassArts Pozen Center to congratulate the 2019 grantees. Learn more about the BCC Organizational Grants.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester.The Boston Cultural Council, under the umbrella of the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, annually distributes funds allocated by the Massachusetts Cultural Council, a state agency, to support innovative arts, humanities and interpretive sciences programming that enhances the quality of life in our city. The BCC is comprised of 15 Boston residents appointed by Mayor Martin J. Walsh to serve for up to six years each. The BCC annually reviews applications during a series of fall meetings conducted to evaluate the overall quality of proposed programming and its potential benefit to diverse audience in neighborhoods throughout Boston.
"Currently,316students are attending the three participating community colleges through the program. In the most recent cohort, 84.5 percent of TFCC students identify as African American or Hispanic/Latino.Run by the Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD), TFCC matches students with coaches fromSuccess Bostonto help them navigate the challenges of higher education. Through this two-fold approach - both financial and interpersonal support - the plan aims to help more Boston students afford, attend, and complete college.TFCC is funded through theNeighborhood Jobs Trust,which collects linkage fees from large-scale commercial developments in the city.""The Tuition-Free Community College Plan will make the dream of a college diploma attainable for many more deserving students who otherwise would not be able to afford it,"" says BFIT President Anthony Benoit. ""The program's financial support will allow more of Boston's young people to earn a BFIT degree and qualify for rewarding careers, uplifting themselves, their families, and their communities.""Jeremiah E Burke High School senior Ianna Montila is taking free college classes through BFIT's Advanced Standing Associates Program (ASAP). She is looking forward to the financial help the new program can provide when she starts going to BFIT full-time in the fall. ""College is really expensive,"" said Montila. ""I was worried that I wouldn't be able to finish my degree with ASAP, but this opportunity would take a burden off my shoulders. I won't have to feel like I need to work to meet the monthly bill for this class or that class."" Montila hopes to earn her associate degree in Biomedical Engineering Technology in 2020.Included in Mayor Walsh's2019 legislative agendais ""An Act Establishing Tuition Free Community College in Massachusetts (House Bill 1245),"" filed by Representative Chynah Tyler. The legislation would authorize a waiver of tuition and mandatory fees for community college courses for certain low income and low- and moderate- income students. In addition, the Mayor's legislative agenda includes a proposal that would allow the City of Boston to adjust the Linkage Program, which is used to fund TFCC as well as other workforce training programs.About Benjamin Franklin Institute of TechnologyFounded in 1908 in Boston, Benjamin Franklin Institute of Technology is one of New England's oldest colleges of technology. Started with a bequest from Benjamin Franklin and a matching gift from Andrew Carnegie, the private non-profit college offers an affordable education for people seeking technical careers. BFIT is an affordable, urban college serving the Boston region and committed to student success and career readiness in technology fields. Through personalized support, hands-on learning, and industry-informed curricula, BFIT prepares graduates for work, life-long learning, and citizenship. For more information, please go towww.bfit.edu."
When we launched our death certificates app in March 2018, that was just the beginning of our work with the Registry Department. By using death certificates as a jumping off point, we were able to tackle another urgent need: people ordering Boston birth certificates through the City.At the beginning of this project, we invested time researching the reasons why people get birth certificates. The goal was to understand who the audience for the application was, and to ensure our design met their needs. We soon found that the reasons for why people look for this information are too numerous to count. Whether youre registering a child for school, voting, or getting a drivers license, you need a birth certificate.It didnt take long to figure out that our audience was basically everyone. Birth certificates are very important for children under 18. But, they serve as vital documents throughout a persons life. Our application had to address the many reasons why someone might be requesting a birth certificate. We also couldnt assume that the person making the request was actually the person on the record. Parents often submit requests for their children.One big reason we felt the need to move online was the increased demand for birth certificates. This is thanks in large part to the REAL ID Act, a piece of legislation passed in 2005 by the federal government. The act mandated an enhanced drivers license be issued separate from standard licenses to citizens. Soon U.S. Citizens will need either this enhanced drivers license or a passport to enter certain federal buildings and to fly in the United States.The act included more stringent requirements for verifying a persons identity to receive a license. In Massachusetts, you need your birth certificate just to get a license. For this reason, the Registry Department has seen a huge uptick in requests as we near the federal deadline for compliance with the law. The law will go into full effect on October 1, 2020, so birth certificate requests will only continue to grow. Creating an online option for this process will make things easier and more efficient for both residents and City staff.And lets face it, for a lot of folks, its just not easy to get into City Hall. Whether you need to find a babysitter or take time off of work, the trip can be a real hassle. If you live out-of-state, its even more of a pain. While its true that there was always a mail-in option with the Registry Department, the process of printing out the form, mailing it, and waiting for the order to be processed and mailed takes a few weeks. People on a tight timeline were left with few options. Moving these types of City services online for residents and those born in the City just makes sense.Its worth noting that, before we started this project, the process of ordering birth certificates was not entirely offline. People still have the option to go through VitalChek, a third-party service contracted by the state, to find their vital records. But, requests often cost more than $40, not including shipping and processing fees. Orders can also take more than a few weeks to process. As the main source of truth for birth certificates in Boston, we felt that we were well-positioned to offer a quicker, cheaper, and more streamlined option.While it might seem easy to just tweak something on our backend to change from death to birth, its not quite that simple. There are actually some distinct considerations for birth certificates.Most states have strict regulations on vital records, and that includes Massachusetts. In some cases, only certain authorized people can access a record or certificate. For example, if the parents were married at the time of a childs birth, that generally makes the childs birth certificate unrestricted. Anyone can look up the certificate and order a copy.For children whose parents werent married at the time of their birth, their record is restricted. Only those people listed on the birth certificate can order a copy. We had to keep this type of tricky situation in mind when building our app, and well need to continue to keep our eye on state policy should it ever change.For our first prototype, we mirrored what we set up with our death certificates application. There was a basic search function that would allow users to select and buy a birth certificate. We quickly realized, though, that this wouldnt work. Testing it with constituents who came into City Hall, we found that most people wanted to treat it like a search engine. This type of search works for death certificates because theyre all public records. But, because of the restrictions around birth certificates, we couldnt do that with this new application.Some of the best feedback we received was in our second round of testing with staff from the Registry Department. They helped us see an opportunity to create a more personal experience. Registry staff are always looking for a few key details when trying to find someones information. We realized that we could set up an experience that guides each person along a journey, gathering answers that the Registry Department needs to complete the request.Instead of using basic search, we used progressive disclosure to simplify the complexity of the request. This interaction design technique helps both customers looking for their birth certificate and City staff looking for their record. We drew inspiration from online tax systems created by H&R Block and TurboTax. From the start, we ask our users specific details about their situation, and then craft prompts and responses based off those answers. Whether youre getting a birth certificate for yourself or someone else, our application guides you through the process in a step-by-step manner.Just as with death certificates, were using Stripe for payment processing. Birth certificates cost $14 per copy, and that price includes shipping. Users will also be charged an extra service fee of not more than $0.25, plus 2.15%. That fee goes directly to Stripe to pay for the cost of card processing. When you consider that the only other online alternative was more than $40 per request, this is a significant savings for our users.Much like death certificates, our new application is built using React and Next.js. We wont get into the weeds around all of our technical considerations. The approach we took very closely mirrored our work on death certificates. This medium post from March about death certificates dives into those type of backend details.Whats next up for the Registry Department? Marriage Certificates! We plan to create another online tool that will complete the full Registry suite  birth, death, and marriage. The work weve already done will make building this tool much easier. Were hoping to have something for you soon.As always, the Digital Team will continue to work with departments across Boston to create intuitive online tools for its residents. We want to find more ways to give you an enjoyable  maybe even delightful  experience when you interact with the City of Boston.
"Building off his commitment to ensure Boston's services are easily accessible to all, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launched a web application, allowing anyone to order Boston-based birth certificates directly from theRegistry Department. This follows the success of thedeath certificatesonline launch in March of 2018.""In Boston, we're committed to using technology to make our residents' lives simpler, and public documents more accessible,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Birth certificates are needed by many of our residents, and this new system will allow greater transparency and convenience, allowing residents easier access to their vital records.""Mayor Walsh has worked to create easier access to individuals' birth certificates, including partnering with Massachusetts State Representative Michael Moran to file legislation to make it easier for residents to access their birth certificates.""Making critical documents like birth certificates more accessible to every person born in Boston is vital to ensuring equity and improving a resident's ability to obtain a driver's license, secure housing, and get a job,"" said Representative Michael Moran. ""This announcement of progress by the Mayor is a great step forward and I am eager to build on it with our legislation to remove even more barriers to accessing these critical documents that some of our most vulnerable residents face.""The Registry Department has seen a 30 percent increase in requests in the past year largely as a result of the REAL ID Act federal legislation passed in 2005. This act mandated that an ""enhanced driver's license"" be issued separate from standard licenses to citizens. Soon, U.S. Citizens will need either this enhanced driver's license or a passport to enter certain federal buildings and to fly in the United States. Here in Massachusetts, residents need their birth certificate to get a license. For this reason, the Department of Innovation and Technology partnered with the Registry Department to ease the process and cost burden on constituents, and the operational demand as we near the federal deadline for compliance with the law. The law will go into full effect on October 1, 2020.Previously, the process of ordering birth certificates online was only available through a third-party service contracted by the state to find vital records, but the average cost per request was typically more than $40, not including shipping and processing fees. In addition, orders could take more than a few weeks to process. As the main source of truth for birth certificates in Boston, the City was well positioned to offer a quicker, easier, and more cost-effective option. Both mail and in-person options will continue to be available through the Registry Department.Since the launch of the death certificates application, the City has seen online fulfillment overtake in-mail and in-person, and requests are often processed same day. This past February, 42 percent of death certificates processed were ordered online, and Boston anticipates similar efficiencies gained for constituents and City staff processing the birth requests. Birth certificates cost $14 per copy, and that price includes shipping.""The Registry Department is thrilled to provide this new online, affordable option for Boston birth requests. With the success of our online death request option last year and the increased demand for birth certificates for the REAL IDs, our customers will find the birth option quick and efficient,"" said Patty McMahon, City Registrar.Mayor Walsh has been committed to bringing more equity and choice to residents throughout Boston through the Department of Innovation and Technology, from launching Boston's first-everDigital Equity Fund to bringing WiFi hotspots to the Boston Public Library's lending program to Boston's Wicked Free Wi-Fi program to working to protect Net Neutrality rules that ensure a fair and open internet.TheDepartment of Innovation andTechnology works to engage, empower, and improve life for residents in the City through technology. The focus areas of their work includes digital engagement and services, data and analytics, and broadband, cable and digital equity. The department oversees the development and implementation of new digital tools, open data, Wicked Free Wi-Fi, mobile apps, and cybersecurity practices."
"A crowd of family members, teachers, and friends were on hand today to congratulate 21 Boston youth from across the City competing in Bostons 12th annual BCYF Citywide Spelling Bee at the Boston Public Library in Copley Square. Organized by Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency, and sponsored by the Boston Bruins Foundation, the winner now goes on to the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Washington, D.C., in May. We are very proud to be hosting the BCYF Citywide Spelling Bee for the twelfth year, said William Morales, Commissioner of BCYF. The competition is fierce and the young spellers are truly inspiring. Thank you to our longtime sponsor, the Boston Bruins Foundation, for supporting the BCYF Bee each year and giving us a chance to show off Bostons talented youth.More than 3,000 young people participated in Boston public and parochial school Bees to qualify for the BCYF Citywide Bee. The preparation for the school Bees helps young people improve their spelling, broaden their vocabulary, and build self-confidence.The BCYF Citywide Spelling Bee is an opportunity for students to demonstrate their academic excellence and is a culmination of a lot of hard work and dedication, said Marty Martinez, Bostons Chief of Health andHuman Services. Participation in this spelling bee is not just an individual achievement, but its also a communal achievement by each student and all of the people at their side. We are proud of the work that went into each student's presence.Commissioner Morales opened the speaking program and welcomed the spellers and their families and presented each speller with a participation medal. Chief Martinez shared greetings and congratulations from Mayor Walsh. The judges this year were Dhruti Bhagat, Web Services Library, Boston Public Library Roxanne Longoria, Director of Strategic Initiatives andPartnerships, City of Boston Health andHuman Services Cabinet and Ann Siegel, Director of BCYF Roslindale Community Center. It was an exciting, suspenseful event with cheers (and some tears) from the audience and participants.The winner of this years Bee was Nicla Mirabito age 12 from the North End who won by spelling ""Huckaback correctly. The second place finisher was Sulayman Abdirahman age 9 from Roxbury and coming in third was Mira Yu age 13 from the North End. The Bee went 33 rounds plus one final round before the Championship Round.The Scripps National Spelling Bee is the nations largest and longest-running spelling bee. School children from all over the country meet in Washington D.C. every May to compete in the National Bee. The one and only winner from Massachusetts was in 1939. In addition to an all-expenses-paid trip to the National Bee, the BCYF Spelling Bee winner received the Samuel Louis Sugarman Award, a one-year subscription to Merriam-Webster Unabridged Online, a one-year subscription to Encyclopedia Britannica Online Premium, and a trophy. Second place and third place finishers received an Amazon Fire 7 Tablet, $25 Amazon Gift Card, and trophies.#SchoolSpellerGradeAgeNeighborhood1Boston Latin SchoolMira Yu813North End (02114)2Bradley Elementary SchoolSaeed Saeed511East Boston3Brooke Charter School, MattapanSulayman Abdirahman49Roxbury4Edison K-8Manuela Rios Casteneda612Brighton5Eliot K-8Nicla Mirabito612North End6Guild ElementarySofia Suarez511East Boston7Harvard- KentKaram Bouaouida510Charlestown8Jackson/Mann K-8Elizabeth Baldes411Brighton9Kipp Academy Elementary SchoolIsis Daniels310Chinatown10Kipp Academy Boston Middle SchoolTyree Howard814Roslindale11Lyndon K-8Brendan Nolan611West Roxbury12Manning Elementary SchoolRonan Miller511Roslindale13Mission Hill K-8Amishai Goodman Goldstein813Jamaica Plain14Murphy K-8Lyla Mendoza410Dorchester15Quincy Elementary SchoolMaeMae Chiang49Dorchester16Samuel Adams ElementaryJoel Kaiser410East Boston17South Boston Catholic AcademyJack Lambrecht511South End18St. JohnEmma Henderson511Beacon Hill19Sumner SchoolKevin Anderson49West Roxbury20Warren/Prescott K-8Joe Neilon510Charlestown21Winship ElementaryBethlehem Tewoldemedhin410BrightonYearWinning Word2008Lariat2009Scenario2010Ravioli2011Toboggan2012Myriad2013Schnauzer2014Contiguous2015Schottische2016Diurnal2017Cacophony2018CrescendoBoston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program, the GIRLS Initiative, Camp Joy special needs program and many aquatic offerings."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 617 East 7th Street inSouth Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 25, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish two residential structures at 98 Rockwood Street and 100 Rockood Street in Jamaica Plain,MA 02130.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 25, 2019.
"Announced in the Mayor's Boston Municipal Research Bureau Speech last week, the Boston Transportation Department and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics will begin to pilot dedicated zones for ridesharing activity, starting with the intersection of Boylston Street and Kilmarnock Street in the Fenway. Anyone may use the designated zone for pickups and drop offs from 5 p.m., overnight and into the early morning hours.Enforcement of the pilot will start tomorrow, Friday, March 15, 2019.""Our goal through this pilot, and through all of our transportation initiatives, is to make sure Boston's neighborhood streets are safe, accessible, and equitable for all residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Ride-sharing services have changed the way people travel -- and with 35 million trips starting in Boston every year, this pilot will help us improve streets in our city, and bring us further towards our Go Boston 2030 and Vision Zero goals.""This pilot was created to minimize traffic disruptions that often accompany ridesharing services. Ridesharing vehicles that stop in the middle of the street to pick up and drop off passengers create hazardous conditions for their customers and contribute to congestion on Boston's roadways. The new curbside zone in the Fenway will allow these vehicles to continue to offer their transportation services, but in a way that supports the City of Boston's Vision Zero safety goals and helps to improve traffic flow on Boston streets.The pilot is designed to ease congestion caused by double parking and to increase safety for passengers entering and exiting vehicles.The Boston Transportation Department will install signage to help drivers and passengers find the zones, and will evaluate the program to gauge its impact. The pilot zones will only apply to the blocks where they are located. Consequently, the locations affected will be the immediate blocks to the west and east of Kilmarnock Street on Boylston Street.""We're thrilled to see the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics explore innovative projects like this one,"" saidTyler George, Lyft's New England General Manager. ""These zones will not only make moving around the area more convenient and frictionless, but it can meaningfully reduce congestion and improve the experience for drivers, riders, and the Greater Boston community.""""We're excited to partner with the Mayor's Office on a proposal that will limit congestion and make it easier than ever for riders to get to and from Fenway. The pickup and drop-off zones will not only make trips seamless for riders, but also more convenient for drivers, and we look forward to continuing to work with the Mayor on our shared goal of reducing congestion,"" said Koosie Boggs, Uber's Head of Rides for New England.Other transportation and infrastructure improvements recently announced by Mayor Walsh in hisBoston Municipal Bureau Speechinclude lowering speed limit on City streets to 20 MPH designing a pilot for adaptive traffic signals launching a citywide education campaign on road safety expanding the bus lanes pilot to more neighborhoods and providing MBTA Passes to all students grades 7-12.Mayor Walsh has also submittedtransportation billsto the Massachusetts Legislature aimed at efficiently supporting residents by providing investment in transportation infrastructure, reducing carbon emissions from motor vehicles, and providing for safer streets.An Act Relative to Transportation Network Company Rider Assessmentswould add a charge to transportation network companies like Uber and Lyft operating during rush hours to be invested in local roads and transit, including improvements to bicycle and pedestrian infrastructure. It would also reduce charges for pooled rides and the use of electric vehicles.The Pick-up and Drop-off Pilot aligns with Mayor Walsh's initiatives to reduce carbon emissions from motor vehicle driving behaviors such as circling the block or idling to find a passenger. The pilot also furthers the goals established in Go Boston 2030, the City of Boston's comprehensive transportation plan. Execution of the plan is well underway with action being taken on more than half of the 58 projects and policies identified. These initiatives work to reduce congestion, encourage travel by transit, bike and on foot, and ensure safety and equitable access for all users of Boston's streets.We have more information about Go Boston 2030 online."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Alexandra Valdez as director of engagement for the City's Economic Mobility Lab. The Lab is a team of social entrepreneurs centrally located in the Mayor's Office of Policy that researches and tests ideas with the potential to dramatically increase upward economic mobility for low- and moderate-income Bostonians. The Lab launched in late 2017 as a flagship program of the City'sResilience Strategywith support from the Rockefeller Foundation and 100 Resilient Cities.""I'm proud to welcome Alex to the Mayor's Office of Policy,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""She did incredible work as a neighborhood liaison for Jamaica Plain and the Latino community, and I look forward to seeing her excel in her new role and continue to make sure families can succeed in Boston.""Valdez served as the Mayor's neighborhood liaison for Jamaica Plain and the Latino community in the Office of Neighborhood Services since 2016. She will now join Director Jason Ewas at the Economic Mobility Lab where she will lead projects that advance the Lab's work on child care, Boston Saves, and youth programs, and ensure that resident perspective is at the core of everything the Lab does. The Lab aims to ensure City government supports residents during the times that matter most, organizing action around key moments in people's lives such as:The Economic Mobility Lab is working on a series of projects on child care with the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement. They recently developed a survey related to child care in the City's anonymous census,which launched in February 2019. The optional survey aims to better understand how individuals and households manage child care and to provide information on the best ways for the City to support parents and young children. Boston is the first city in the country to document local child care needs and preferences through the census.One of the goals of the Economic Mobility Lab is to coordinate a pipeline of programs that prepares students and their families for income growth. Partnering withBoston Saves,the City's children's savings account program, the Lab aims to help families build their financial capabilities and save for their children's post-secondary education and training.Partnering with the Office of Financial Empowerment, the Economic Mobility Lab also aims to develop and expand tools that help families. For example, this work includes conducting research for and developing programs withBoston Builds Credit, an initiative that aims to raise the credit scores of Bostonians by expanding what works and trying new projects that raise people's credit scores.While the Economic Mobility Lab is focused on municipal government, it also advocates for key policy changes at all levels of government. Advancing the work of the Lab, Mayor Walsh submitted hislegislative agendato the Massachusetts Legislature in January 2019, demonstrating the role government can play in creating economic opportunity.The following three bills aim to eliminate policies and rules that create barriers for families trying to get on their feet. They also expand successful policies that provide a financial boost for families. The economic mobility bills in the Mayor's legislative package, advanced by the Lab and departments throughout the City, include:This bill would repeal a policy that denies critical resources to children conceived while, or soon after, a family is receiving benefits. Massachusetts is one of only 17 states that have a Cap on Kids or similar policy.This bill would remove the cap on assets for families receiving temporary cash assistance. The current policy disincentivizes families to accumulate even moderate savings and makes it more difficult for them to access resources. Eight other states have enacted similar changes with positive results, spurring upward economic mobility for residents.This seeks to raise the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) to 50% to return money directly to low- and moderate-income working families. The EITC is almost universally seen as a great program and it should be increased and marketed so that working families know they are eligible.100 Resilient Cities - Pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation (100RC) helps cities around the world become more resilient to social, economic, and physical challenges that are a growing part of the 21st century. 100RC provides this assistance through: funding for a Chief Resilience Officer in each of our cities who will lead the resilience efforts resources for drafting a resilience strategy access to private sector, public sector, academic, and NGO resilience tools and membership in a global network of peer cities to share best practices and challenges. For more information, visitwww.100ResilientCities.org."
The St. Patricks Day Parade, as well as the South Boston Boys and Girls Club Road Race, will be held in South Boston on Sunday, March 17, 2019. The parade and road race will result in street closures and reduce on-street parking availability. People coming into the City for the event are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, on their website. You can also find MBTA information online. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.The parade route will be closed to traffic from about10 a.m. to 4 p.m. The route:Disbursal will be on Dorchester Avenue from Dorchester Street to Damrell Street.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The road race will begin at 11 a.m.on West Sixth Street at the Boys and Girls Club and is expected to end at noon.Traffic will be delayed along the route as runners make their way to the finish line. The route will be:
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the 54 Birchwood Street in West Roxbury, MA 02132.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 23, 2019.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Boston Housing Authority Administrator Bill McGonagle and Amory Street Partners today celebrated the launch of redevelopment efforts at BHA's Amory Street Apartments in Jamaica Plain. Amory Partners, a joint venture that brings together three local non-profits - The Community Builders (TCB), Jamaica Plain Neighborhood Development Corporation (JPNDC), and Urban Edge - will renovate and preserve 199 public housing units and repurpose BHA administrative offices into 12 new affordable units at 125 Amory Street. They will also develop an additional 134 units of affordable housing and 215 market rate apartments in three new buildings that will be constructed adjacent to the BHA property.""This is an exciting milestone in our efforts to preserve and expand affordable housing for residents in Jamaica Plain and all over the city of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This project will add hundreds of new affordable units to our city's housing stock and make critically important upgrades that will preserve the affordability of the BHA's existing building for our Amory Street residents for many decades.""The 199 existing units and 12 new units at 125 Amory Street will be preserved as deeply affordable through Section 8 project-based vouchers (PBV) which will be provided by the Boston Housing Authority. The three new adjacent buildings will include 21 deeply affordable project-based voucher units provided through Urban Edge, 41 additional affordable units supported with Low Income Housing Tax Credits, and 72 affordable units funded through inclusionary housing programs. There will also be 215 market-rate apartments.""BHA is using whatever assets we have available, including our land and our own administrative offices, to advance the preservation and expansion of affordable housing in our city,"" said BHA Administrator McGonagle. ""This partnership secures an affordable, sustainable future for hundreds of current and future BHA residents, and will greatly improve the quality of life of our residents.""The renovations will include improvements to all existing apartment units within the 105-year-old building. Most units require comprehensive renovations and will receive full kitchen and bathroom upgrades. All units will receive new windows, new high efficiency central heating and cooling, and repaired ventilation systems. In addition, common areas will receive accessibility and code improvements, along with new ceilings and flooring. The existing community room will be expanded and a new kitchen will be installed. The renovation will additionally add a new game room, TV lounges, a computer lab, a wellness room and create two new laundry rooms with additional washers and dryers.""The Community Builders is one of the nation's largest developers and owners of affordable and mixed-income housing, but Boston will always be our home,"" said Bev Bates, senior vice president of development at TCB. ""We look forward to working with our trusted partners at the Boston Housing Authority, Jamaica Plain Neighborhood Development Corporation and Urban Edge, to provide current residents at Amory Street Apartments with an even better place to live, while adding additional affordable apartment homes for elderly and disabled community members.""Renovations to the existing building will begin immediately. Construction of the three new buildings which will utilize the existing vacant land at the site will soon follow. Construction on the first of the new buildings is expected to begin within a year.""Over the past three years, JPNDC has been working with the residents of 125 Amory Street and hearing their concerns and goals for the future of their home,"" said JPNDC Executive Director Richard Thal. ""It's a great step forward to begin the renovations that will upgrade the quality of people's homes and assure that this building remains a permanently affordable resource for our community.""This renovation continues Mayor Walsh's commitment to preserving and expanding Boston's affordable housing, ensuring all families who wish to live in Boston can. Last month, Mayor Walsh and the City's Community Preservation Committee (CPC) this week recommended 56 projects, totaling more than $34 million, for inclusion in the fall funding round for the Community Preservation Act (CPA). In 2018, Mayor Walsh increased the City's overall housing targets from 53,000 to 69,000 new units by 2030, including 15,820 income-restricted units, to meet Boston's population growth. These income-restricted units will include purchasing 1,000 rental housing units from the speculative market and income-restricting them through an expanded Acquisition Opportunity Program.The Amory Street Apartments renovation is being funded with $37.15 million in tax-exempt bonds issued by MassDevelopment, construction and permanent financing from Eastern Bank, and $25.61 million in funding from the federal low-income housing tax credit (LIHTC) program with AEGON as investor. Renovations are expected to be completed by December 2020."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the industrial warehouseat 69 TeneanStreet in Dorchester, MA 02122.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 22, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 447 West Fourth Street in South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 22, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 24 Norwood Street in Dorchester, MA 02122.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 22, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 58 River Street in Mattapan, MA 02126.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 22, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 17 Ellis Street in Hyde Park,MA 02136.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 21, 2019.
"MayorMartin J.Walshtoday celebrated the arrival ofBoston's first-ever public lactation booth atBostonCityHall, creating anewresourceand space forparents. The lactation room is located in the main lobby on the third floor ofBoston CityHall, adjacent to the south elevators. This free, convenientresourceis available for anyone atCityHallwho is looking for privacy to breastfeed or pump during normal business hours.According to theCenters for Disease Control and Prevention, while over 80 percent of infants begin breastfeeding at birth, manyparentsare not able to reach their breastfeeding goals due to lack of adequate support. Providing an optional and accessible space for breastfeeding or pumping milk is a step toward supportingparentsand families who visitBostonCityHall. Led by theMayor's Office, this initiative was a joint effort among Property Management, the Digital team, theMayor's Offices of Women's Advancement,NewUrban Mechanics, and Strategic Partnerships.""AtBostonCityHalland throughout ourcity, we need to ensure there are resources and support forparents, and I'm proud thisnewresourcewill be available to all atCityHall,"" saidMayorWalsh. ""We look forward to continuing our work supportingparentsand children throughoutBoston, buildingresourcefor those who are raising the next generation of Bostonians.""The lactation room, created by Mamava, a woman-owned business dedicated to transforming the culture of breastfeeding, is a self-contained, mobile room with comfortable benches, a fold-down table, and an electrical outlet for plugging in a breast pump. Visitors are welcome to breastfeed anywhere inCityHall the lactation room is an additional option for those seeking privacy. To access the room, visitors can download theMamava mobile appor go to the information desk in the main lobby.""We're thrilled to support breastfeeding people atBostonCityHall,"" said Sascha Mayer, Co-founder and CEO of Mamava. ""We believe that all caregivers deserve a clean, comfortable, and dignified place to use a breast pump or breastfeed distraction-free -- anywhere,anytime. Mamava pods provide flexibility for facilities and easy access.""MayorWalshdebuted the lactation room during the International Women's Day commemoration held atBostonCityHall. The event featured remarks from formerBoston Artist in Residence Nakia Hill, theCityofBoston's Poet Laureate Porsha Olayiwola, theCityofBoston's women's employeeresourcegroup liaison Ann Carbone, and Christine Dodson, Chief Operating Officer at Mamava.""As a working mother, I can relate to the many challengesparentsface when caring for anew child,"" said Tania Del Rio, Executive Director of Women's Advancement. ""For breastfeeding people, especially those who prefer feeding their baby or pumping in a private space, the lactation room can provide a much needed respite. I am proud of the diverse team atCityHall that made this happen.""This space continues the work of theMayor's Office of Women's Advancement, whose work includes research on paid parental leave and childcare affordability a multi-pronged approach to closing the gender wage gap reducing the demand for sex trafficking in theCityofBoston and creating specific programming for women entrepreneurs.In June 2014,MayorWalshcreated theMayor's Office of Women's Advancement to prioritize advocating for equal opportunity for women and girls in theCityofBoston. TheMayor's Office of Women's Advancement creates specific programming and opportunities that support three priority areas: economic equity, safety, and empowerment. Some of the office's most recent work includes reducing demand for sex-buying and trafficking and research on supports for the childcare workforce, as well as childcare access and affordability.Learn more on their website.Based in Burlington, VT, Mamava is the expert in lactation space design, thoughtfullydesigning solutions for breastfeeding moms on the go. With both analog and digital products, Mamava products celebrate and support the 21st century breastfeeding mama. Mamava is mama-owned, made in America, and a proud member of the B Corp community. The Mamava app, free for iOS and Android, helps moms find pumping and breastfeeding friendly locations on-the-go, unlock Mamava suites through the proprietary Mamava Smart Lock, and find useful breastfeeding content. For more information, visitwww.mamava.com."
"One day in early January, students at the Tobin K-8 School in Mission Hill learned some exciting news when they arrived at school. Colorful posters covered the wallsMy Way Cafe is coming!, Salad bar every day! Wide variety of fruits and vegetables! Students anxiously awaited the changes until January 28, when My Way Cafe finally arrived at the Tobin.My Way Cafe is a partnership between the Shah Family Foundation and Boston Public Schools Food and Nutrition Services. The Shah Foundation funded renovations for several school kitchens that were previously only capable of heating vended meals shipped in from elsewhere. Now, the new retrofitted kitchens can support scratch cooking at the Tobin, as wells as dozens of schools across BPS. You can read more about My Way Cafe online.These days in the cafeteria, students snack on potato wedges, seasoned broccoli, fish from local fishery Reds Best, and whole wheat tortillas from One Mighty Mill. Students are particularly fond of the salad bar, where they pick as many salad toppings as they want: cucumbers, carrots, celery, bell peppers, and ranch dressing just to name a few. My Way Cafe has also revamped breakfast. Students can start their day with fruit-topped oatmeal, french toast, and made-to-order breakfast sandwiches. Because student choice is prioritized, students enjoy breakfast exactly the way they want to. Dont want cheese in your breakfast burrito? No problem!Students stop me in the hallway every day to tell me that they love the new cafeteria. One student happily remarked, This is like a restaurant, but at school!""Feedback from teachers and staff has been equally positive. Teachers have noticed that students who usually brought lunch from home quickly changed their habits once the new food arrived. One of my responsibilities as a FoodCorps service member is to create excitement around school meals, and My Way Cafe has made this task a lot easier!This post was written by Amanda Friedman, FoodCorpsAmeriCorps Service Member at the Maurice J. Tobin School."
Accessibility planning is about creating an environment in which every person can participate, contribute, and be heard. This is why the Language and Communication Access (LCA) program is a priority initiative for the Mayor. About 17% of Boston residents do not use English as their primary language and around 12% of the City population lives with a disability. Making Boston a more inclusive and equitable city means thinking about accessibility as a practice of equity rather than a protocol or checklist.To begin, it is important to think about the ways in which society has been built to benefit the mainstream population. In Boston and most of the United States, mainstream means being able to speak English, move freely and independently, and communicate without difficulty, among many other advantages.When we ask ourselves, How can we make Boston a better place for everyone?, it is important to think about how to meet the needs of people who do not share one or more of these mainstream characteristics. It is equally important to recognize that no one is inherently deficient because of who they are or what they have and do not have.For this reason, the City of Boston is refining how it approaches equity and accessibility. We know that people across Bostons 23 neighborhoods may speak or use other languages besides English they may also rely on assistive technology devices to communicate and be understood. There is so much diversity in the ways people relate to language and communications. This is why access is an automatic imperative to this work.So, you ask, how will the City of Boston create more welcoming and accessible services and spaces? Here are a few ways we intend to start:These are a few ways that the City of Boston is working to address equity as it relates to language and communications access. We would love to hear your ideas and suggestions on how we can add to this list. You can fill out this form online.The Language and Communication Access program works to strengthen the City of Boston so that services, programs and activities are meaningfully accessible to all constituents. To learn more, visit Language and Communications Access.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the office structure at 451-455 West Broadway in South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 18, 2019.
"The Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics recently announced the winners of Play Around the Snowy City, a design competition that sought ideas for playful, temporary design installations and events throughout Boston this winter. This competition is an initiative of the Public Space Invitational (PSI), a program from the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM) that seeks to make Bostons public spaces more intuitive and beautiful.Play Around the Snowy City builds on MONUMs past work on play. Last summer, in partnership with Boston Public Schools (BPS), MONUM selected four school bus stops for a playful redesign in East Boston, Roxbury, Roslindale, and Dorchester. The four winning designs used play to support learning, exercise, and positive engagement in an everyday setting.The two selected proposals are:Location: Winter Festival at Boston Common, BCYF Paris Street, East Boston Greenway, Franklin ParkProposed by: Krina Patel, David Goodman, Julie Sullivan, Mike Ware, Lynsey GalerWinter Memories: Boston, a storytelling and sharing project, invites neighbors to share and listen to winter memories in a warm, mobile recording studio. The project easily creates storytelling areas in parks and community centers. At four events throughout the city, people will enter an accessible tent, enjoy a warm beverage, record a winter memory, and have the opportunity to listen to previously recorded memories.Winter Memories: Boston has already made appearances at Boston Parks and Recreations Winter Festival on Boston Common and BCYF Paris Street. Over the next two weeks, the project is scheduled to appear at the following locations:Proposed by: NuVu Studio (Leighton Gray and Alex Shigueta with support from coaches Luis Carbajal, Andrea Ling, and Rosa Weinberg)Location: Franklin ParkNuVu Studio, a local innovation and education center in Cambridge, proposed a prototype of playful, winter-themed urban furniture for public plazas and green spaces. They will fabricate one weather-resistant snowman seat that will be tested and integrated with programming from theFranklin Park Coalitionat Franklin Park.Additionally, the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics, the Franklin Park Coalition, and the Mayors Mural Crew will host an end-of-winter pop-up celebration on March 16from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.at Franklin Park next to the Franklin Park Golf Clubhouse off of Circuit Dr. The event will feature Winter Memories: Boston and a life-sized coloring book activity facilitated by the Mayors Mural Crew. Families with children 0-13 can also participate from 10:30 a.m. - 11:30 a.m. in a Winter Yoga Poses and Nature Walk led by Appalachian Mountain Clubs Outdoor Rx program, meeting at the Golf course Clubhouse. They will provide snowshoes and winter nature guides.""We are excited to celebrate winter in Franklin Park with these creative outdoor programs and community connection. In partnership with the Parks & Recreation Dept. a new master plan is beginning this spring for Franklin Park  one of our end goals is better utilizing the park in the winter by making it more welcoming. I cant wait to hear park users memories of winters past and wishes for the future.The Public Space Invitational started in 2014 with the aim of making Bostons public spaces more welcoming. It has resulted in a wide-variety of projects, including a portable reading room for neighborhoods and green spaces, a tidal vibraphone on the Congress Street bridge, the activation of the mezzanine of Boston City Hall with brightly colored skateboard tape, a poem/photography series from Bostons Poet Laureate at the Mattapan Branch Library, and a project that completely reimagines street furniture.The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics in Boston serves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs.Established in 1991, the Mayors Mural Crew is a program of Boston Parks and Recreation and has grown to influence and enhance the style and visual landscape of Boston in each neighborhood.Franklin Park Coalition has been working as the community voice of the park since the '70s and hosts park events, including the beloved spring Kite & Bike Festival and Elma Lewis Playhouse in the Park. More information can be found at franklinparkcoalition.org."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 148 Athens Street in South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 17, 2019.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today delivered his 2019 Boston Municipal Bureau Speech, as he announcednew initiatives and investments being made in Boston's transportation infrastructurethat will help increase safety for all users of the road, ease congestion and provide more viable transportation options for residents. Mayor Walsh also announced updates to how Boston will reach its climate goals, and advocates for education finance reform that will help improve students' lives throughout the state.Lowering speed limit on city streets to 20 MPH:Mayor Walsh is proposing to work with the City Council and Legislature to reduce the speed limit on neighborhood streets from 25 mph to 20 mph. The speed limitwas reduced from 30 mph to 25 mph in January 2017as a way to improve roadway safety for people walking, driving and bicycling on city streets.Studies showthat there is a direct link between the speed that a vehicle is traveling when a crash occurs and the likelihood of a fatality or severe injury resulting from that crash. At 20 mph there is a 17% likelihood of a fatality or severe injury occurring, and that number jumps to 75% at 40 mph. Additionally, the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety conducteda studyon Boston that showed by lowering the default speed limit, the City saw a 29 percent reduction in the number of cars travelling faster than 35 mph. The study affirmstheimportance of lowering speed limitsas one of many tools to make our streets safer.Pilot for adaptive traffic signals:the City is working on a pilot that will respond to real-time traffic conditions on our roads. This results in fewer stops at red lights, less traffic congestion and reduced emissions from idling vehicles. Due to the increase in bicycle, pedestrian and motor vehicle traffic in the South Boston Waterfront, adaptive traffic signals may benefit traffic flow and safety in the area. MassDOT, Massport, BTD and the MBTA are collaborating on the design of an Adaptive Signal Control Technology system in the South Boston Waterfront.Citywide education campaign on road safety:the City will arrange for a citywide education campaign that will be available and accessible to all residents interested in participating. Safe travel now and in coming years is our first priority. In accordance with our Go Boston 2030 Transportation Plan, this campaign will serve to remind everyone we need to be more mindful on our streets. It will include safety tips and best practices for getting around Boston's streets safely using all modes of travel.Ride-sharing pick-up/drop-off designated areas pilot program:to assign Uber and Lyft pick-ups and drop-offs to designated areas. This month, the City will pilot our first pick-up/drop-off zone at Boylston Street and Kilmarnock Street. The zone will begin at 5:00 p.m., lasting until 8:00 a.m. each day. The goal of this pilot is to ease congestion caused by cars double-parking and to increase safety for passengers entering and exiting the vehicles. The City is currently working with ride-sharing companies, and both Uber and Lyft have agreed to support the City's pilot. The Boston Transportation Department will install signage to help drivers and passengers find the zones, and will evaluate the program to gauge its impact.Pilot of new bus lanes:on Brighton Avenue in Allston and North Washington Street downtown. The North Washington Street bus lane will be in effect 24/7 inbound from the Charlestown Bridge to Haymarket. Like the existing permanent bus lane onWashington Street in Roslindale, the Brighton Avenue bus lane will be in effect Monday through Friday during AM peak hours inbound. The City will also start a community process to improve bus service on Blue Hill Avenue.MBTA Passes will be provided to all students grades 7-12:whether they go to public, charter, private, or parochial schools. There are approximately 20,000 students who currently receive free MBTA passes, and this proposal will raise that number to approximately 30,000 students. This move will greatly expand access to transportation resources for Boston students, allowing them to explore the city and the many opportunities it provides.Advocating for Boston's proposedtransportation legislative package, which works to support residents by providing investment in transportation infrastructure, reducing carbon emissions from motor vehicles, and providing for safer streets.Renew Boston Trust,a financing model built on future energy savings. Starting this year, Boston will use it to fund solar panels, LED lights, insulation, and more in our libraries, community centers, police stations, and firehouses. We'll keep growing the program. And we'll share our experience for private property owners to draw on as well, in addition to launching stronger reporting requirements for large and medium sized buildings, and asking for action plans as well as energy data.Install electric vehicle charging stationsin municipal lots available to the public, and make sure all new spaces in city parking garages support electric vehicles. Going forward Boston require that new private garages have chargers in 25% of their spaces, and 100% are wired for future capacity. Climate Ready Downtown and North Endlooks at how to protect those neighborhoods from future coastal flooding due to climate change. The City will host its first community open house for the project next week.Climate Ready Dorchesterwill launch this summer. When it's complete, Boston will have detailed resilience plans along almost our entire 47-mile coastline. In the 2020 budget, we'll meet ournew target of 10 percent of all capital spending going to resilience projects.And we're moving forward with implementation at key flood points.Applied for $10 million in funding for Fort Point Channel,in addition to city investments.Martin's Park, Boston's newest public playground, will open in June. It will welcome children of all abilities, and provide the highest standards of flood protection.Moakley Park Vision Planwill be presented to the residents of South Boston. Boston will work together to make this 60-acre waterfront park a welcoming and protective community asset. Similar upgrades to Langone Park and Puopolo Playground in the North End begin this spring.Education Finance Reform for the CommonwealthMayor Walsh joined statewide efforts in proposing and supporting comprehensive education finance reform the Commonwealth's education funding formula so that it better serves all students throughout the state. Partners in this effort include: legislators, cities, towns, teachers, students, and advocatesFull text of Mayor Walsh's speech
Thank you, Marty [Jones]. Thank you Tom [Samoluk]. And congratulations, Sam [Tyler], on your well-deserved retirement, after nearly a half-century of service to the Bureau.Tomorrow is International Womens Day, so its fitting that today, the Bureau has a new female chair and first female president. Congratulations, Pam [Kocher]. We look forward to building on the strong relationship between the City of Boston and the Research Bureau.***In my State of the City address in January, I reflected on our citys progress over the last five years. We're proud of our achievements. But I also said, we're just getting started. So today, Im not going to begin by talking about the last five years. Im not even going to look back one year. I want to share some of what weve done in just the first nine weeks of 2019.We broke ground on four housing renovations, in Roxbury, the South End, and South Boston, preserving or creating more than 900 deeply affordable homes. We released over $26 million in funds to create another 500 homes in seven neighborhoods. We added over 1,000 new homes to the development pipeline. We recommended, and the City Council approved, $34 million in new funding from the Community Preservation Act, for affordable housing, open space, and historic preservation in 56 projects across 20 neighborhoods.We conducted our annual Homeless Census. We secured a $26 million grant for homeless services. And we grew the Boston's Way Home Fund, getting over halfway to our goal of $10 million to create 200 units of permanent supportive housing.We launched Boston's first Economic Development Center, with workshops in Mattapan and Roxbury on city contracting and owning a business. And we graduated the first class of City Academy, to train local residents for City jobs.I went to Washington for the U.S. Conference of Mayors, to discuss infrastructure needs and economic strategies in Americas cities. Back in Boston, we took action to defend Title IX protections for survivors of sexual assault. And we raised awareness of commercial sexual exploitation, in an event co-hosted by the Boston Police Department, our Office of Womens Advancement, and advocates.I signed an Executive Order to ensure racial equity in City government. Well train city employees on how to design policy and deliver services that close racial gaps, from public health to business ownership. And well measure our performance against equity goals.In these same 9 weeks, we extended our record streak of AAA bond ratings to 6 years. We issued building permits for Amazons new location in the Seaport. It will employ over 2,000 workers and fund job training for residents. We permitted 700,000 square feet of innovation and community space at the former Boston Globe property in Dorchester. We celebrated the 50th anniversary of City Hall and previewed the next steps in our revitalization of City Hall Plaza.And we capped it all off with a trade mission to Cape Verde, strengthening cultural connections in our neighborhoods and opening up trans-Atlantic opportunities for Boston businesses.***We are working hard for our hard-working city. But much of this time, the federal government was shut down. Dysfunction ruled, and people suffered.Were doing things differently in Boston. We work hard, we work smart, and we work together. And its the work that defines our vision for Boston. Its a city of growing economic opportunity. Its a city of equity, where everyone contributes and everyone benefits. And its a city of resilience, committed to leaving an even stronger Boston for the next generation.Thats why weve taken on tough challenges.A housing shortage developed over many years. So we created a Housing Plan. Now were building enough homesand affordable homesto house our growing population and preserve our existing neighborhoods.Community-police relations is a national challenge. So we developed a national model, building trust and reducing crime every year.Boston school buildings suffered decades of neglect. With over 100 community meetings and a $1 billion investment, our BuildBPS plan is creating 21st-century schools.In each of these areas, long-term issues became present-day problems. So we engaged our communities. We created bold plans. And we turned the trends around. Were improving life in our city now, and for years to come.***Today I want to talk about three issues where trends are coming to a head and testing our capacity for collective action. They are transportation, education, and climate change. And to put it simply: We cant grow our economy, if we cant move people where they want to go we cant share opportunity, if we dont invest in the next generation and we wont have a future, if were underwater.Weve taken big steps forward in each of these areas. But there's more work to be done, and the stakes are high. So Im going to talk about our plans and our progress. And Im also going to highlight where we need strong partnerships, across every level of government and the private sector, if we are to keep thriving as a city and a region.***Transportation is a perfect example. Traffic is a sign of our success but now its also a threat to our growth, our environment, and our quality of life.Thats why we worked with the public to create a transportation plan for our city, Go Boston 2030. We are implementing its key recommendations, and they are making a difference.Last year we installed a dedicated bus lane on Washington Street in Roslindale. On a route that sees 19,000 bus trips every day, it cut travel times by up to 25%.We also advocated for more early-morning bus service, to help workers on the third shift. The T piloted this service and made it permanent.To improve commutes, we re-timed dozens of traffic lights. Now were working with the state on a pilot for adaptive traffic signals that respond to real-time conditions. That will mean less waiting at red lights.Two years ago, we increased parking meter rates in some of our most congested neighborhoods. As a result, double-parking violations dropped by 14%, and parking in loading zones fell by nearly 30%.To improve access to cycling, we built protected bike lanes on Mass. Ave., Summer Street, Causeway Street, and Commercial Street, with more to come. And with the support of Blue Cross Blue Shield, we brought bike sharing to more neighborhoods across the city. Last year, Blue Bike use was up by 24% to a record 1.7 million rides.Last month, a new water shuttle pilot launched, connecting North Station to the South Boston Waterfront. It serves 700 people a day and cuts commute times by over 10 minutes.Most important, weve invested in safety on our streets. Were redesigning high-risk intersections. We lowered the default speed limit to 25 miles per hour. And weve seen fatalities on our roads go down: from 21 in 2016, to 14 in 2017, to 10 last year.But our policy is called Vision Zero. It means one tragedy is too many. So we are going to work with the City Council and the Legislature to lower the speed limit on neighborhood streets to 20 miles per hour. And, well develop a citywide education campaign on road safety. We need everyone to be more mindful on our streets.***These steps, and many others, are working. But to build the future we want, we have to do more to transform our infrastructure: not just as a city, but as a region. We need our streets to work better and be safer for everyone. We need to invest in more frequent, more accessible, and more reliable public transit across our region. And we must make biking and walking more viable options for more people.So were asking the Legislature for partnership. We have a bill that would require side guards on trucks, as we have done on city vehicles, to protect cyclists. We are seeking to allow photo enforcement to prevent vehicles from passing stopped school buses and endangering children and to enforce blocking the box violations that cause gridlock. And we support the effort to reduce distracted driving by allowing only hands-free cell phone use.We have also proposed legislation to manage the growth of rideshare services. Uber and Lyft have changed the way many people travel. Theyve provided convenience. But with 35 million trips a year in Boston alone, theyve also increased congestion and confusion, especially during rush hour. We need to find ways to make rideshares work better.Were taking steps at the city level. This month, were launching a pilot program in the Fenway that will assign Uber and Lyft pickups to designated areas, similar to cab stands, to improve traffic flow.But we need to go further. So our bill would update the surcharges already being assessed on rideshares, to better align with our transportation goals. Wed charge more for single-passenger trips, creating an incentive that will cut congestion and reduce emissions on our streets. Finally, I want to discuss public transit. We need great transit for our region to thrive. It cuts congestion, reduces emissions, and expands opportunity. Thats why, last month, we launched the Citys first transit team, a staff dedicated to working with the MBTA on improving service. Building off the success of the bus lane in Roslindale, this year we will pilot new bus lanes: on Brighton Ave. in Allston and North Washington Street downtown. Well also start community outreach on how to deliver better bus service on Blue Hill Avenue.Our goal is to expand access and increase equity. Thats why, starting next school year, well provide a free T pass to every student from 7th to 12th grade in our city, whether they go to public, charter, private, or parochial schools. This will take cars off the road. It will open up the city to more of our young people. And, it will foster a new generation of transit riders and transit advocates.I want to thank Steve Poftak, the new General Manager of the MBTA, for his partnership. Yesterday, I joined Steve and the Governor to celebrate the new Blue Hill Ave. station on the Fairmount Line in Mattapan. This station is already cutting some residents commutes by 20 minutes. Its a good example of why we welcome the MBTAs $8 billion investment over the next five years.I understand there is a need for more revenue. I have long called for more investment in the T. But any funding plan must be equitable, transparent, and strategic. So I also need to address the proposed fare increase. I have concerns about the impact on seniors and young people, our most transit-dependent riders.Furthermore, if you are going to raise fares you have to explain exactly how new revenue will improve service. The MBTA must show that the benefits to riders offset the negative impacts of higher fares.Thats how weve approached the revenue challenge in Boston. Weve raised parking meter rates and parking fines. These arent usually popular moves. But we took them because they moved us in the direction our residents want and need to go: less congestion, and new investments in better transportation. And we told them what we were doing.People like to know what theyre getting, when they provide more revenue. Thats why we support legislation to enable regional ballot initiatives for transportation. With this tool, communities can choose to create a dedicated source of revenue to invest in specific projects. Its been used successfully across the country, to bring better transit to cities like Denver and Indianapolis, and a whole new subway line to Los Angeles. I look forward to more conversation on this measure and other strategies for updating our infrastructure.***To be clear: what will cost us the most is doing nothing. If we dont act, carbon emissions will pose a threat to both public health and economic growth. The good news is, weve made Boston a global leader on climate change and coastal resilience. And this year, we extended our leadership through the Carbon Free Boston report. It's a roadmap to our goal of being a 100% carbon neutral city by the year 2050. The report shows that in order to reach our goal, well need to drive less and use public transit moreinvesting in the MBTA is not a choice, its a necessity. We'll need to transition both our buildings and our vehicles to electric energy from renewable sources. Well need to send less waste to incinerators. And well need to make all these changes in ways that are cost-effective and equitable. These are ambitious goals. But we are an innovative city. And we are moving forward in each of these areas.On building retrofits, we have created the Renew Boston Trust, a financing model built on future energy savings. We'll be using it to fund solar panels, LED lights, insulation, and more, in our libraries, community centers, police stations, and firehouses. Well keep growing the program, and well share our experience for private property owners to draw on, as well. Were also launching stronger reporting requirements for large and medium sized buildings. This spring, well ask for action plans as well as energy data.On waste reduction, last year we set out to learn how we can reduce, recycle, or compost 90% of our solid waste by 2050. This month, well get recommendations from our Zero Waste Advisory Committee on how to achieve this goalin time to inform new contracts for yard waste and recycling.On renewable energy, this year were taking a major step forward by launching our community choice policy. Residents will combine their purchasing power to make renewable energy our citys affordable and sustainable choice. We convened a community conversation to begin the rollout.Were also supporting the growth of electric vehicles. We're going to install electric vehicle charging stations in municipal lots available to the public. Well make sure all new spaces in city parking garages support electric vehicles. And well require that new private garages have chargers in 25% of their spaces, and 100% are wired for future capacity.While reducing the emissions that drive climate change, we must also protect Boston from the flood risks caused by climate change. Last year, we launched Resilient Boston Harbor. Its a plan for new open space, all along our waterfront, to protect our people, our homes, and our businesses. Already, weve completed resilience plans for East Boston, Charlestown, and South Boston. Now, planning for Downtown and the North End is underway -- with the first community open house next Tuesday. And this summer well launch Climate Ready Dorchester. When its complete, well have detailed resilience plans along almost our entire 47-mile coastline.As well as planning, were investing. In our 2020 budget, well meet our new target of 10% of all capital spending going to resilience projects. And were moving forward with implementation at key flood points.At Fort Point Channel, in addition to city investments, weve applied for $10 million in FEMA funding. I want to thank the state for choosing our proposal to represent Massachusetts in this grant process.In June, well open Martin's Park, Bostons newest public playground. It will welcome children of all abilities and provide the highest standards of flood protection. I thank the Martin Richard Foundation and our funders for their partnership.This month well present the Moakley Park Vision Plan to the residents of South Boston. Well work together to make this 60-acre waterfront park a welcoming and protective community asset. Similar upgrades to Langone Park and Puopolo Playground in the North End begin this spring.Were moving forward, but we have a long way to go. I want to thank the Governor, the Speaker, and the Senate President for making resilience funding a priority. A true statewide conversation is taking shape. And once again, I invite property owners, business leaders, and philanthropists to engage with us, if you havent already. Climate action is the defining challenge of our time. Everyones future is at stake.***Making Boston better for the next generation is what its all about. So I need to conclude today by talking about education funding. In this year's budget, we propose to invest $1.14 Billion in the Boston Public Schools, the most in the citys history.New investments will sustain our progress toward universal pre-kindergarten, grow vocational programs and support at-risk high school students, expand engagement services that help families navigate the system, and strengthen science instruction. Were also going to fund the important step of bringing the Exam School test into every students school in 6th grade. This will increase access and expand opportunity.Overall, were proposing a $26 million increase that keeps us in the forefront of student spending both statewide and nationally. Since 2014, we have grown our investment by 25%, to over $20,000 per student. Weve lengthened the school day, added 1,000 pre-kindergarten seats, strengthened the curriculum, and modernized facilities.These investments have produced results. We have more high-performing schools than ever. Our graduation rate just reached a new record high. And were one of the few urban districts making consistent gains on national tests.But progress takes more than investment. It takes reform. And weve spent five years untangling decades of systemic problems. Neglected facilities. Over 20 different grade configurations. Redundant programs and unaccountable spending.These are problems that prevent some students from getting what they need. So weve gone hard at them. And to be perfectly honest, Im not satisfied with the progress. Its been strong in some areas, but too slow in others. So were going to keep working at it, and were going to keep putting students first.But I also want to be clear what were asking our school communities to accomplish. Boston serves more high-needs students than any other district in the state. Twice the rate of economic disadvantage. Three times the rate of English language learners. And, if you take all the students, across Massachusetts, who have multiple challengeswho face poverty, language barriers, and disability at the same timethe Boston Public Schools serve 43% of those students.For our state to be serious about closing achievement gaps, those students must be at the heart of the conversation. Yet, if nothing changes, in two years time our state education aid will fall to zero. And its not only Boston. Cities and towns across the state face a similar decline and a similar dilemma.Thats why, this year, were joining mayors from Greater Boston, and over 100 legislators from across the state, to advocate for a solution. A solution that provides funding for every district in the Commonwealth. A solution that is affordable and does not require a new revenue source. And most important, a solution that would finally take politics out of the conversation, so we can stop pitting city against town and district against charter, and start meeting all our students needs.Let me put it this way. The last major reform was in 1993. If were going to do this every 26 yearsonce a generationthen in this generation, we cannot leave out our most vulnerable students, whether in Boston or Brockton, Medford or Melrose, or anywhere else. Every young person deserves the same opportunity to learn, to dream, and to thrive.In the meantime, our search for the next Superintendent of the Boston Public Schools is moving forward. Whoever we select, were going to charge them with driving deep reforms, to unlock our system and our students full potential. And were going to make sure they have the tools they need to succeed.***We have advanced bold solutions to meet the biggest challenges. Thats what it means for a city to work in the 21st century. We need every level of government, every industry, and every individual in our region, to move forward with us.This work is about more than the plans, the policies, and the investments, as essential as they are. We do the work that we do to create opportunities and change peoples lives. We work to be that city where the kid with the toughest challenges gets a real chance where the person who lived on the street finds compassion and a home where a great job is just a train or bus ride away and where hard-working families can create a bright future for their children in safe, healthy neighborhoods.Thats the vision that calls us together. Thats the work we must keep doing, every day.Thank you, God bless you, and God bless the City of Boston
Women play a key role in overseeing major projects throughout the City. The building and trade industry is often believed to be a male-dominated field. But, more and more women are pushing through barriers and pursuing careers in construction. At present, Inspectional Services has more than 30 women employed in the Building and Structures Division. They currently hold key positions within the department, including:These workers are well versed in building, zoning, and sanitary codes, as well as City ordinances. They inspect everything from one-, two-, and three-story structures to high-rise buildings over 700 feet. They read plans, research historical data, and certify the legal use of a building. They also ensure that proposed projects meet all requirements before we issue permits. Its their job to ensure structures are safe and conform to all applicable codes.As the number of women in construction continues to rise, so will the number of women employed in our Building Division. Weve highlighted some of the women who lead the way on our construction team below:Ann has more than 20 years of experience in the construction and trade industry. As a building official, shes responsible for ensuring structures are safe and code compliant. Ann went into the construction field as a way to support her family. She got her construction supervisors license and began developing new homes throughout the North East. What advice does Ann have for women who are interested in construction?Never give up! She says not to let the fact that construction is a male-dominated field distract you from reaching your goal. As the only woman working on a project, Ann said she remembers feeling intimidated. But, she also remembers the joy she felt when looking at a project she helped complete.Michelle has a passion for carpentry and joined the Carpenters Union in 1996. Shes taught OSHA Safety Guidelines and volunteered as a mentor for the Women and Building in Trades Committee. She has also presented at the Carpenter Apprenticeship Program.Michelle says she entered the construction field after becoming a young mother. She decided that she needed to figure out what she wanted to do with her life, fast. She says she knew she wanted independence, and that led her to the construction field. Not only were the hours, pay, and benefits great, but she says the feeling of building something by hand that people can live, work, or eat at was amazing.What advice does Michelle have for women who are interested in construction?If you like to work with your hands, want a career that is rewarding and has great benefits, then carpentry may be for you. Find your passion and go for it.
The clinic series is six weekslong, with registration on a first-come, first-served basis. The first hour of each clinic is the Junior Session (ages 7 to 17), the second hour is the Adult Session (18 and up). There is a maximum of 25 people per session all others will be placed on a waiting list.Equipment is provided, but you may bring your own clubs. Clinicians are highly qualified golf instructors. To register, please contact the sites directly. The clinic schedule is as follows:For more info, please contact Larelle Bryson at 617-961-3092 or larelle.bryson@boston.gov.
"In his annual speech to the Boston Municipal Research Bureau, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today will announce new initiatives and investments being made in Boston's transportation infrastructure that will help increase safety for all users of the road, ease congestion and provide more viable transportation options for residents. These investments complement the key projects identified inGo Boston 2030, the city's long-term transportation plan, andVision Zero, the city's policy plan to reduce the number of roadway fatalities.""Making sure our residents can get around our city in a safe and reliable way is key to ensuring Boston's opportunities extend to all,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm proud these innovative improvements will significantly improve commutes, accessibility, and lives as we continue to modernize our city's transportation investments, and create options that work for everyone.""Building on the significant steps the City has taken over the last several years to improve Boston's transportation infrastructure, these new initiatives and investments will further our transportation goals. They include:As Boston's population continues to grow, with projected growth to reach almost 760,000 people by the year 2030, Mayor Walsh has proposedtransportation billsaimed at efficiently supporting residents by providing investment in transportation infrastructure, reducing carbon emissions from motor vehicles, and providing for safer streets.These bills include:These bills are part of a broader road safety legislative agenda, which includes support of previously-filed bills related to sideguards on trucks and cell phone use while driving. In 2015, Mayor Walsh signed aTruck Side Guard Ordinance,which requires all large city-contracted vehicles to be equipped with convex blind spot mirrors, crossover mirrors and blind-spot awareness decals.These announcements and new initiatives support the work already underway to improve safety, strengthen roadway connections, reduce congestion and prioritize Vision Zero efforts. Current and recent work by the city includes:"
You can see a list of the feasts and processions below. Click on the links to learn more about each event:
You can see a list of the parades below. Click on the links to learn more about each event:
"Its march, which for many means a celebration of college basketball through pool betting on March Madness. For some, this is simply a fun way of adding excitement while watching the competition. Have you ever worried that you or someone you love or care about could be struggling with money due to gambling? Have you ever worried about paying your bills unless you get a win? Have you ever found yourself continuing to engage in gambling well past the point of ""just for fun""? Has gambling ever interfered with your finances and caused you anxiety or fear? Today we want to help those who may be struggling with these kind of questions.Listed below are resources available to those who may be concerned about their feelings or behaviors around gambling:For further resources and support, always feel free to reach out to the Employee Assistance Program."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure in Charlestown, MA 02129.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 11, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 67 Burton Street in Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 11, 2019.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced preparations for this weekends two winter storms. The first winter storm will begin tonight after midnight, with a heavy, wet snow falling at a rate of an inch an hour until late morning on Saturday. Accumulations of between 6 and 7 inches are possible. The second winter storm will begin Sunday evening, with snow starting between 8 and 9 p.m. The snow will continue into Monday morning, and Monday commutes are likely to be impacted. Due to the travel conditions, Boston Public Schools is canceling all activities on Saturday. Officials will continue to monitor the forecast and notify students and families over the weekend if the weather will impact school being open on Monday. BPS is notifying families of the decision to cancel Saturdays activities via automated phone call and other communications, including on bostonpublicschools.org.In preparation of the winter weather, Boston Public Works will have 70 pieces of equipment pre-treating Boston roadways with salt. At the height of the storm, PWD will have 560 pieces of equipment working citywide. The Public Works Department currently has 28,000 tons of salt on hand.When shoveling snow, residents are reminded not to throw snow onto the street, and to shovel out catch basins and fire hydrants. There is no parking ban or snow emergency in effect.""We are encouraging residents to use caution when traveling, assist older neighbors and those who are disabled, and keep up with the shoveling of their property throughout the storm,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The City of Boston and our Public Works are prepared for all storms that come Bostons way, and we ask that residents and businesses do their part, including shoveling their sidewalks and walkways, to ensure safety for all. Please remember to abide by the snow rules, stay off the roads and be safe. Residents are encouraged to sign up for emergency notifications through AlertBoston and utilize Bostons 311 call center for non-emergency related issues. To find out more information about resources and services available to residents, please visit boston.gov/snowBoston Public Libraries and Boston Centers for Youth & Families community centers will be open normal business hours. Please check their schedules here.Residents are encouraged to sign-up for AlertBoston to receive emergency alerts and to call 311, download the BOS:311 app, or tweet at @BOS311 with questions or concerns. Follow @CityofBoston and visit boston.gov/snow for the latest updates."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Gregory McCarthy as the Citys first Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) to lead the Cybersecurity Team within the Department of Innovation and Technology. This appointment elevates the role previously held by McCarthy and marks a commitment to strengthening efforts to protect the City of Bostons technology platforms and datafrom cyber threats.Cybersecurity is something we clearly have to take seriously, and there are always new challenges ahead a humbling reminder that our work in this field is never done,"" said McCarthy. ""It is an honor to be in this position for the City of Boston, and to have the opportunity to lead the City into a new chapter of maturity in how we protect our systems, data, and constituents.Prior to joining the City, McCarthy spent five years as a Principal Research Technician at the Rhode Island Department of Corrections. McCarthy holds an undergraduate degree in Criminal Justice and a graduate degree in Information Assurance, both from Northeastern University. He has also earned a Certified Information Security Manager (CISM) certification from ISACA, graduate certification in Project Management from Boston University, and a Project Management Professional (PMP) certification from the Project Management Institute. McCarthy resides in Jamaica Plain with his husband and serves as a Board Member for the Friends of the Jamaica Plain Branch Library.The City's Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) strives to engage, empower, and improve life for residents in the City through technology. The focus areas of their work includes digital engagement and services, data and analytics, and broadband, cable and digital equity. The department oversees the development and implementation of new digital tools, open data, Wicked Free Wi-Fi, mobile apps, and cybersecurity practices. You can learn more about the department online."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Stefanie Costa Leabo as the Citys new Chief Data Officer (CDO) to lead the Analytics Team within the Department of Innovation and Technology. In this role, Costa Leabo will lead the City's efforts to work with departments to solve challenging problems, make government more effective, and deliver better outcomes for constituents through the use of data, process improvement, and technology. She brings expertise in quantitative methods, performance, program and project management to her new role.Before joining the City of Boston, Costa Leabo began her career in local government with the City of Somerville as a senior analyst in the SomerStat office working with departments to increase their use of data to improve operations and service delivery as well as coordinating cross-departmental projects like the citywide LED street light retrofit. Prior to working in local government, she served as a research fellow and program coordinator for the UMass Civic Initiative, a non-profit dedicated to promoting democracy through public policy education in the U.S. and abroad.""It's an honor to take this position with the City. Ive had the privilege of helping to shape the growth and development of this team since 2015. Both in my time with Somerville, and with the City of Boston, Ive worked closely with programs and departments to encourage and support their use of data to enhance operations and provide better services,"" said Costa Leabo. ""I look forward to furthering the mission of my Department to improve the lives of people who live and work in Boston through the use of data.Born and raised in Massachusetts, and a resident of the North End, Stefanie is a graduate of UMass Amherst with B.A.s in Political Science and History. She earned an M.A. in Political Science from George Washington University. Stefanie is closely connected to her UMass and Boston communities having served as a mentor and board member for UMass Women Into Leadership and as a Big Sister with Big Brother Big Sisters of Massachusetts Bay.The City's Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) strives to engage, empower, and improve life for residents in the City through technology. The focus areas of their work includes digital engagement and services, data and analytics, and broadband, cable and digital equity. The department oversees the development and implementation of new digital tools, open data, Wicked Free Wi-Fi, mobile apps, and cybersecurity practices. You can learn more about the department online."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the commercial structure at 1945 Columbus Avenue in Roxbury, MA 02119.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 10, 2019.
We may not always notice it, but we depend on measurements in our everyday lives. Whether were putting gasoline in a car, looking for a carpet for a family room, or buying meat and vegetables for dinner, we need measurements. To that end, the Weights and Measures team at Inspectional Services plays an important role in protecting consumers who buy products sold by weight and volume.Weights and Measures staff members ensure consumers are able to make informed decisions related to products. They also enforce state codes for devices that weigh and measure products. These include the supermarket scales used when you buy cold cuts, vegetables, and fruit.Inspectors check devices to make sure measurements are accurate. Inspected devices include:By keeping measurements standard, competing businesses are given a level playing field. We can make sure that businesses are competing honestly and fairly.Weights and Measures inspectors also enforce laws related to pricing and delivery. They inspect devices once every year, as required by law. When an inspector approves a device, they attach approval and security seals. If an inspector doesnt approve a device, the business cant use that device until its fixed or replaced.Some quick history: on March 2, 1799, President John Adams signed the first Weights and Measures law. The law governed the accuracy of all things weighed and measured. The Citys Weights and Measures team is proud to continue the mission established more than 200 years ago of ensuring accuracy and fairness in measuring tools across Boston.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 19 West Tremlett Street in Dorchester, MA.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 17, 2019.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the opening of SuccessLink, the City of Boston's online tool that enables Boston youth to register for summer jobs. Boston teens between the ages of 15-18 can apply on the Department of Youth Engagement & Employment (YEE) website on boston.gov/youthThe SuccessLink application will be available through 11:59 p.m. on Friday, April 12, 2019.""The SuccessLink Youth Summer Jobs program is a critical part of our effort to provide young people with chances to build lifelong skills, confidence and personal success through youth workforce opportunities,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage all Boston teens to register for the program, and take advantage of this incredible opportunity to get a head start in learning the workplace skills that will last a lifetime.""In 2018, the City of Boston served over 10,600 young people through summer jobs, civic engagement, career development training, impact projects.Every year, the City of Boston partners with hundreds of community-based nonprofit organizations across the city to provide meaningful employment opportunities. Participants can work in various positions that include after-school program assistant, administrative assistants, mural painters, peer leaders, and more.""The Mayor's Youth Summer Jobs Program plays an integral role in positively shaping the future trajectory of Boston's youth,"" said Marty Martinez, Chief of Health and Human Services. ""Through the program, youth are introduced to an array of professional development opportunities, mentoring, and work opportunities that can increase our youth's social capital, all while giving them the hard and soft skills they need to thrive in their future career.""The Department of Youth Engagement & Employment serves as a youth engagement resource center and works to advance the lives of Boston's youth through employment opportunities, career development training, and youth engagement.The SuccessLink Youth Summer Jobs program advances youth workforce development and increases the impact of community-based organizations by employing almost 4,000 of Boston's youth at local non-profits.""Creating more opportunities for Boston's youth through workforce and civic engagement is central to our mission, and our department has a unique opportunity to connect youth with organizations that see the value of their work, while moving Boston forward as an innovative and engaging city,"" said Department of Youth Engagement & Employment, Director, Rashad Cope.""During high school, youth jobs are important because they expose youth to future career interest while allowing you the opportunity to build relationships with employers. I'm currently employed as a Youth Director on the Mayor's Youth Council"", said Mohamed Abannor, Senior at Horace Mann School for the Deaf. ""As a deaf student, at first, I was not confident with public speaking and I only felt connected with deaf and hard of hearing people. Since being employed as a Youth Director on the Mayor's Youth Council, I have gained skills in public speaking, networking, problem-solving, innovative thinking, empathy, and listening to different perspective and ideas. It's made me feel more comfortable and accepted in the hearing community.""Registering for SuccessLink isavailable online. Teens ages 15-18 interested in registering must meet the following requirements:Registering for a summer position with SuccessLink does not guarantee a job. Applicants are welcome to register online atYouth Summer Jobsor visit Department of Youth Engagement & Employment at 1483 Tremont Street, Roxbury, or call 617-635-4202 for registration assistance.The City also invites youth to register for the 2019 City of Boston Youth Job and Resource Fair onSaturday, March 30, 2019, from 10 A.M. - 2 P.M. at the Reggie Lewis Track and Athletic Center 1350 Tremont St, Roxbury Crossing, MA 02120. This year's theme, ""Success Awaits, Come Find It,"" aspires to connect Boston's youth with onsite summer workforce development opportunities through engaging with employers, job placement, career development workshops, access to youth-serving organizations and more!We invite youth to register for the event, and parents to sign up to volunteerto support Boston's youth."
"Additionally, to further advance Boston's national leadership on sustainable investing, Boston will work withCeres, a sustainability nonprofit organization headquartered in Boston that works with institutional investors and influential companies to build leadership and drive solutions. Through powerful networks and advocacy, Ceres tackles the world's biggest sustainability challenges -- including climate change, water scarcity and pollution, and human rights abuses. In joining the Ceres Investor Network, Boston will work alongside 165 other institutional investors representing over $25 trillion in assets to advance investment practices, corporate engagement strategies and policy solutions.""In Boston, we're committed to ensuring that as our city grows and creates opportunity for all, we're using our assets to promote sustainable and responsible investments,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By joining the Ceres Investor Network and using our assets to invest in community banks and commit to our ESG initiative, we're putting our money where our values are -- a stronger, more equitable city and world for all.""Boston, a city planning for the impacts of climate change, is committed to leading in the sustainability space. Boston is committed to taking a proactive approach to effect positive change in the short-term while continuing to determine the best way to move toward a longer-term plan.Examples of success in corporate engagement include the 2018 resolution filed by the New York State Comptroller's Office asking American Electric Power to adopt company-wide targets for the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. The result of this engagement was withdrawal of the resolution in exchange for a public commitment by the company and published business strategy to cut, by 60 percent from its 2000 levels, its carbon dioxide emissions by 2030 with the long-term goal of becoming carbon neutral. Also, in engaging Xcel Energy in 2017, investors were able to receive a public commitment by the company to delivering 100 percent carbon-free electricity by 2050.""The Mayor has prioritized making responsible investments in our values and in our neighborhoods,""said Emme Handy, Chief Financial Officer for the City of Boston.""These initiatives further strengthen that commitment, while continuing the strong fiscal management practices that have earned us a Triple A bond rating.""""Ceres welcomes the City of Boston to the Ceres Investor Network and the contribution the City will make to advance sustainability through ESG investment practices,"" said Mindy Lubber, CEO and President of Ceres. ""Climate change poses one of the greatest risks to our city and economy, and its impacts are already evident in our coastal communities. By joining our network, Boston will be able to leverage the influence of its investment portfolio to accelerate the low-carbon transition, sustainable water practices, and equitable workplaces.""These commitments build and strengthen the Walsh Administration's commitment to financial stability throughout the City of Boston. Earlier this month, Mayor Walsh announced Boston has maintained itsperfect AAA bond ratings, as assigned by Moody's Investor Service and S&P Global Ratings. The City has maintained the top credit ratings from both rating agencies since 2014.These ratings build on Mayor Walsh's commitment to financial responsibility throughout the City of Boston. Over the past five years, Boston's revenue has grown by 25 percent, and the city has added 20,000 new jobs each year, produced nearly 28,000 new homes, and added over $9.3 billion of development in construction.S&P Global Ratings cites Boston's ""very strong"" economy as reason for its AAA rating. Contributing to Boston's strong economy is its talented, diverse workforce longstanding financial and insurance industries, as well as the city's growing reputation as a tech hub central location and recruitment and retainment of college graduates in the city.In addition, S&P also highlighted Boston's history of proactively addressing future challenges through the city's long-term plans. Included in these highlights are Boston'sClimate Action Plan, which addressing goals for reducing greenhouse emission by 2050Climate Ready Boston, which develops resilient solutions to prepare Boston for climate changeGo Boston 2030, which aims to ensure equitable, reliable and safe transportation for all residents andHousing a Changing City, Boston's housing plan which already is well on its way to creating 53,000 new units of housing by 2030."
Calling all public servants, parents, advocates, teachers, and community organizers!Please join us as a volunteer for the 2019 City of Bostons Youth Job and Resource Fair on Saturday, March 30, 2019, from 10 a.m. - 2 p.m.at the Reggie Lewis Track and Athletic Center 1350 Tremont Street, Roxbury Crossing, MA 02120.This years theme, Success Awaits, Come Find It, aspires to connect Bostons youth with onsite summer workforce development opportunities through engaging with employers, job placement, career development workshops, access to youth-serving organizations and more!The City of Boston understands the importance of connecting youth to services and resources that will improve their personal, emotional, academic and social-economical success. Were hoping youll join us and volunteer. The volunteershifts are only three hours and well provide volunteers with the following:We hope youll consider our request to volunteer.Volunteer at the Job Fair
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced a competitive Request for Proposals (RFP) from the City of Boston Grassroots program, which supports the development of community gardens. Winning proposals must demonstrate how it will improve neighborhood open spaces, create new open space opportunities, or support urban agriculture designed to increase the availability of fresh food in Bostons neighborhoods.The Grassroots program supports open space and gardening opportunities in all of Bostons neighborhoods. These community gardens and food plots serve as a gathering place for residents and provide opportunities for healthy fresh food right in our backyards, said Mayor Walsh. I am proud that this new round of funding will support the efforts of our community gardeners, and I look forward to seeing the results across our city.Grassroots, a program of the City of Bostons Department of Neighborhood Development (DND), promotes access to urban green space through the conveyance of city-owned land to non-profit organizations, and the provision of grant funding for garden design and construction. The Grassroots program has awarded more than $20 million in competitive grants to more than 130 community gardens and food forests throughout Boston, and has also funded a number of urban agriculture projects and open space initiatives.The City of Boston has been one of our strongest partners and supporters for our community gardens in Boston, says Alicia Leuba, Trustees Vice President. The Department of Neighborhood Developments (DND) Grassroots Open Space Program has been critical in the protection of open space and much needed garden infrastructure upgrades. The Grassroots grants have enabled us to leverage significant additional foundation grants and private gifts, to help make our work caring for and creating new community gardens possible. We congratulate Mayor Walsh and Chief Dillon for their vision and commitment to improving the lives of our residents by providing critical access to open space and fresh food.The new Grassroots Program Funding RFP was created to assist neighborhood-based groups which demonstrate the capacity to develop and maintain community gardens and open space within their neighborhood. To apply for this funding, groups must demonstrate the capacity to make permanent improvements that provide a long-term public benefit to the neighborhood. In particular, improvements likely to be funded will be those that increase production capacity of already existing garden spaces, or add new features to existing gardens and open spaces. Community residents must be fully involved in the development of design proposals, and have a leadership role in the organization and management of garden activities.Proposals for this funding round must be submitted to the Department of Neighborhood Development no later than 4:00 p.m. on April 1, 2019. The City of Bostons Grassroots Program has created more than 13,000 square feet of community garden space and preserved an additional 27,000 square feet greenspace in Boston. More information about the Grassroots program may be found on Grassroots programs webpage.Under the Walsh Administration, preserving and enhancing community gardens and gathering spaces continues to be a priority. Last June, Mayor Walsh joined with funding partners and the Mattapan community to celebrate the $3.7 million historic renovation of the 18th century Fowler Clark Epstein Farm.The City of Boston together with The Trustees, and TD Bank are working to expand the reach and highlight the role of community gardens in Boston's neighborhoods with community-driven design projects, community-building events, and skill-building workshops planned for up to 40 gardens. Support for community gardens is also included in both current and prior funding recommendations for projects through the Community Preservation Act. 
"The Inspectional Services Department (ISD) announced the Department has expanded the Board of Appeals community process/requirements and developed an additional resource to ensure transparency for all applicants requesting zoning or building relief from the Board of Appeals (BOA). All applicants of proposed projects that are in violation of the zoning or building code are required to post a notice on the property informing the community that a builders permit application has been filed and are seeking relief from the BOA.Permit applicants are provided the signage (a 25 x 48) by the BOA and are required to post the notice within 24-hours of filing an appeal. The notice must be posted on the front lawn of a construction site or affixed to a building on the property ensuring it is visible from the street. This signage will disclose the date the application was filed and the type of work proposed such as: a renovation, an addition, demolition of part or all of the building, erect a new building, change the use of the property and pending variance application. The new signage is in conjunction with Mayor Walshs efforts to ensure transparency throughout all of Boston,"" said InspectionalServices Commissioner Christopher.""The signs will provide insight to pending projects by displaying the type of work a developer is planning in the community.""For years the South End has worked with Inspectional Services and the Mayor's Office to create and implement policies that will balance the needs of developers with the transparency and respect neighbors have been asking for,"" said Steve Fox, head of the South End Forum. ""When neighbors can see what work is being done in their community, we know that healthy conversations begin and ultimately a closer neighborhood is formed.""About the Board of AppealThe Board of Appeal (ZBA) is an autonomous body comprised of 7 members who are appointed by the Mayor to serve a three-year term. The ZBA is charged with reviewing variance requests under the zoning or building codes regulating requirements including but not limited to the uses dimensional boundaries and height a of privately owned buildings and land allowing owners and developers to build projects that are in compliance.Each member is charged with reviewing cases during a public hearing for building or zoning relief and determining if an applicant should be granted relief. The Board has the right to reject and/or approve an appeal based on the merits of an application."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the City of Boston Election Department today launched the City of Boston's Annual ResidentCensusto record individuals age 17 and older who live in the City, with mailers going out to households across Boston. The City of Boston'scensushelps Boston distribute resources evenly, helps voters keep an active voter status, allows residents to have access to a fair jury, and maintain an accurate voter list.""Boston's annualcensusis an important to tool to make sure we are reaching everyone across our city, and ensuring we continue to provide the resources our residents need,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage all residents to participate -- and I encourage residents to consider taking part in our survey on childcare needs, language preference and disability status as we learn more about what our residents need, and how city programs can work for them.""Included in this year'scensusmailing is an optional survey related to childcare, language, and disability. This optional survey is a collaboration between the Mayor's Civic Engagement Cabinet and the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement, and aims to better understand how individuals and households across Boston neighborhoods relate to language and disability access and the best ways to support parents and young children. Responses to the survey will be anonymous and unconnected to any identifying information. This optional survey asks individuals about their primary language used at home, English proficiency, disability status, and possible barriers that parents/guardians face in accessing affordable quality childcare.""Access to affordable quality childcare is tremendously important for Boston's working parents, especially women,"" said Tania Del Rio, Executive Director of the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement. ""Boston will be the first city in the country to document local childcare needs and preferences through thecensus. As a result, the City will identify and learn how we can best address the most critical challenges for families as part of a strategy that also intends to support early educators, without whom our economy would not function.""There are 4 ways for residents to respond if they live in the City of Boston:New residents in the City are also able to register to vote, with more information atBoston.gov/elections. Those who have moved within the City of Boston are encouraged to update their voter registration in addition to responding to the Annual ResidentCensus.For more information, contact the Boston Election Department online atBoston.gov/elections."
"From Boston's beginning, women have been active members of our City's community. The women who lived, learned, andworked in Boston left records of their daily lives behind. Some of these records are preserved in the City Archives.The City's tax records are one of our largest and most used records collections. Though women didn't pay the poll tax thatBoston men paid, women property owners paid real estate and personal estate taxes. Many married women had the family property put into their name for tax purposes. This 1915 tax record shows several women paying property taxes to the City. Ellen O Hanlon, Grace Ward, Henrietta Meacham, and Gertrude Grant all owned property in Dorchester's Ward 16.Many Boston women opened their own businesses. Married women who owned abusiness had to register for a ""Married Women's Business Certificate."" The index below shows women who opened businesses in the late 1800s and early 1900s.Some of Boston's working women were employed by the City of Boston.Boston's City Hospital both trained and employed female nurses. The photo below shows City Hospital nurses with patients in a pediatric ward, in the late 1800s or early 1900s.Other women worked as teachers inBoston Public Schools. The City Archives has the educational and teaching records of these women. Eleonora della Salawas born in Italy, moved to the United States as a child, and graduated from Chelsea High School and the Salem Normal School.She taught in various schools throughout the City of Boston.The City Archives also has records documenting women who were educated in BostonPublic Schools. Some of our most interesting records come from Boston's vocational schools for girls.TheSchool for Practical Artsprovided vocational education to young women. These young women were typically from working class families and needed to learn a trade to support themselves and their families. Students took classes in sewing, hat making, cooking, and other trades. The City Archives has student records, photographs, and student work from both of these schools.In 1912, A. Meehan, a student at the High School for Practical Arts, practiced her drawing skills by sketching the below dress design.Boston's Girls Trade School also trained women to earn a living by cooking, sewing, and hat making. The photo below shows a Trade School student in her dressmaking class.Does it surprise you to learn that not all of the students agreed that women should serve on juries?These records are only a small sample of the City's records documenting Boston women! Want to learn more about how you can research women's history at the City Archives? Send us an email at archives@boston.gov!"
Launched in 2007, America Saves Week is an annual campaign that brings together nonprofit, government, academic, and business groups to encourage Americans to save effectively. America Saves Week is coordinated by America Saves and the American Savings Education Council, a national coalition of public- and private-sector institutions committed to making saving and retirement planning a priority for all Americans.Building on his support of wealth building and economic equity for residents and families in Boston, earlier this year, Mayor Walsh submittedAn Act to Promote Asset Building for Low-Income Residentsas part of hislegislative agenda, which would remove the cap on assets for families receiving temporary cash assistance. The current policy disincentivizes families to accumulate even moderate savings and makes it more difficult for them to access resources. Eight other states have enacted similar changes with positive results.Savings Fair - Monday, February 26Discover a variety of City of Boston resources. Participating organizations include:Free Tax Help - Tuesday, February 27Discover a variety of City of Boston resources. Participating organizations include:Attend tax information and credit building workshops led by Mayor's Office of Financial Empowerment experts. The workshops are part of a full day of financial literacy workshops presented at the Money Talk 2 financial literacy conference.Be sure to RSVP here.
"This mission to Cabo Verde offers us an incredible opportunity to strengthen ties with the country where many Bostonians have their family roots, while showcasing the best of all Boston has to offer and unlocking new doors of opportunity, said Mayor Walsh. ""It's important that as we continue to grow as a city, we look beyond our borders as part of our strategy for creating and sustaining equitable economic growth in the City of Boston.""From February 22 to February 28, 2019, the trade mission delegation will make stops on the islands of Fogo, Brava and Santiago, where Mayor Walsh and delegation participants will visit local schools, the main hospital, speak with various business organizations, and meet with top business and government leaders. These visits and meetings will focus on fostering economic and cultural development, expanding commercial and business activities, boosting the number of small and mid-sized enterprises, growing trade and jobs, improving health outcomes, and increasing educational opportunities.""As the proud son of Cape Verdean immigrants and Boston's Cape Verdean community, I know first hand that having a strong working partnership with the City of Praia and Cabo Verde is beneficial to both of our Cities' residents, culture, economy, and quality of life,"" said John F. Barros, Chief of Economic Development. ""Through our Sister City program we have exchanged best practices, fostered business relationships, and shared cultural experiences with cities around the world that help to strengthen Boston's diversity and economy."" A portion of the trip will also include a learning journey organized by the Hyams Foundation and in consultation with Aminah Pilgrim, Professor of Africana Studies at the University of Massachusetts Boston. On Monday, February 25, delegation members will travel to Cidade Velha, Historic Centre of Ribeira Grande and a UNESCO World Heritage Site, which was the first European colonial town to be built in the tropics, a center in the routes for international maritime trade, included in the routes between Africa and the Cape, Brazil and the Caribbean, and a strategic location for the Atlantic trade of enslaved persons of modern times.""I am grateful to Mayor Walsh for this collaboration and learning opportunity. Boston has a rich and diverse community, and exploring our cultural ties in Africa and Cabo Verde will help us inform and continue the progress made through our race dialogues in order to ensure a more inclusive City,"" said Hyams Foundation Executive Director Dr. Jocelyn V. Sargent.Greater Boston is proud to be the home of over 40,000 Cape Verdean residents. According to the American Community Survey from 2014, one of every five Cape Verdeans in the United States lives in Boston. Overall, Cape Verdeans in Boston constitute 4.4 percent of the city's total foreign-born residents, and Cape Verdean Creole is in the top five languages other than English spoken in Boston.Recognizing the significance of this population in Boston,the City of Boston signed a Sister City Agreement with Praia, Cabo Verde in 2015 to foster economic, social and cultural exchange between these two cities. One of the goals of the Sister City Agreement is to develop strategies to expand commercial activities between Praia, Cabo Verde and Boston with an aim to increase the number of small and mid-sized enterprises, grow the volume of imports and exports, and create jobs to boost the economies in the City of Praia and the City of Boston.Key delegation participants include:"
A construction project that requires the use of a crane will impact travel on Congress Street southbound at Boston City Hall this weekend. Drivers are encouraged to seek alternate routes. Pedestrian traffic will be maintained on sidewalks on both sides of Congress Street at all times. Congress Street northbound will remain open to traffic throughout the weekend.Saturday, February 2312:01 AM to 6:00 AM - Congress Street southbound will be fully closed to all traffic between Sudbury Street and State Street6:00 AM to 12:00 Midnight  One lane of Congress Street southbound will be open to traffic between Sudbury Street and State StreetSunday, February 2412:01 AM to 6:00 PM  One lane of Congress Street southbound will be open to traffic between Sudbury Street and State Street6:00 PM to 12:00 Midnight  Congress Street southbound will be fully closed to all traffic between Sudbury Street and State Street
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) free Family Gym Program is back for the spring season and Boston families are invited to join in! Family Gym is a free, weekly play program that promotes physical activity for children ages 3-8 and their families. Family Gym runs on Saturdays beginning February 16 from 10-11:30 a.m. at BCYF Blackstone Community Center in the South End, BCYF Holland Community Center in Dorchester, and BCYF Vine Street Community Center in Roxbury. Family Gym has had over 2,007 children and caregivers participate in the program since it began in 2011. More than 300 college students have volunteered for Family Gym contributing more than 8,000 volunteer hours!Children and adults move at their own pace in supervised activities. Colorful play equipment encourages individual, small, and large group play. Families can jump rope, play on an obstacle course, do the limbo, or play parachute games or sports. No pre-registration required however caregivers must participate and remain in the gym with their children at all times. Thanks to a partnership with Northeastern University, student volunteers serve as Activity Leaders at Family Gym. Family Gym is sponsored by The Foundation for BCYF, Boston Childrens Hospital, and Northeastern University.The program is a perfect fit for my kids Sarrah and Sudhan, offering them a place to run and play during the winter months when getting outside isn't possible, said Dhanani Guniag, a parent who attends weekly with her children. I also love the weekly health topics, and learning about everything from working out at home to eating seasonal fruits and vegetables.This session of Family Gym will run through April 13. In the fall the program will expand to additional BCYF community centers. For updated information or program cancellations follow @BCYFCenters.###About Boston Centers for Youth and FamiliesBoston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program, the GIRLS Initiative, Camp Joy special needs program and many aquatic offerings.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced applications are now available for the2019 City of Boston Scholarship Program. TheCity of Boston Scholarship Programis designed to support higher education, and is available to Boston residents interested in pursuing an undergraduate degree or continuing education in Massachusetts.""The City of Boston Scholarship Fund helps students achieve their dream of attending college, and I'm proud that through this program, we're able to give our residents the support they need,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage residents throughout our city's neighborhoods to apply to this program, and look forward to our city's leaders gaining the opportunities they deserve to succeed.""The City of Boston Scholarship fund is a need-based scholarship that provides up to $10,000 over four years towards tuition, and relies primarily on generous contributions from individuals, organizations and corporations to further the goal of having more Boston residents complete a post-secondary education. During the 2018-2019 academic year, the scholarship program awarded a total of $290,000 to over 115 students representing almost every neighborhood of Boston, who went on to attend 30 local colleges and universities. This year, the Fund will award 30 new recipients.This year's scholarships were supported by generous donations from Arbella Insurance Foundation, Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Foundation, Herb Chambers Foundation, Pinnacle Leadership Foundation, and Rapid7 as part of their commitment to students of Boston.""Investing in the education of our young people is paramount to not only their own success, but to the future of our local communities and businesses,"" said Corey Thomas, President and CEO of Rapid7. ""We are thrilled to continue our contribution to the scholarship fund and commend The City of Boston for its tireless dedication to providing students the support they need to reach their educational goals.""The Scholarship Committee has worked in recent years to simplify and strengthen the application process. Highlights include an updated recommendation form that assesses college and career readiness, three short-answer questions in place of a longer essay, an Expected Family Contribution (EFC) calculator for students not eligible for FAFSA, and a clear recognition of financial need among continuing education students.""This scholarship makes accomplishing my dreams a little easier. A college education isvery expensive,"" said Juliana Vazquez, a resident of East Boston and a 2018 City of Boston Scholarship Recipient, ""The amount of debt that young college graduates accumulate over four years can be astronomical and I commend the City of Boston for recognizing this. Our great city is working tirelessly to find ways to financially support as many city kids as possible in receiving a college education and for this, I am extremely grateful.""The City of Boston Scholarship program is part of Mayor Walsh's commitment to ensuring that all Boston residents are able to access and complete their post-secondary education. In 2016, Mayor Walsh launched tuition-free community college for Boston Public Schools graduates, providing a cost-effective entry point into higher education for Boston's young people. Participating colleges include Bunker Hill Community College, MassBay Community College, and Roxbury Community College.This year, as part of hislegislative agenda, Mayor Walshproposed replicating Boston's Tuition-Free Community College (TFCC) Initiative launched in June 2016, making it available statewide. TFCC was launched by Mayor Walsh and currently serves 295 students attending Bunker Hill Community College, Roxbury Community College and MassBay Community College. Students enrolled through the program have an average graduation rate of 70 percent over three years, significantly higher than national averages. In 2018, Mayor Walsh, in partnership with the Frieze Family Foundation, launched theGRAD Last Mile Fund, an innovative scholarship program designed to provide financial support to Boston students nearing college graduation. Additional resources for residents pursuing higher education can be found on Mayor Walsh's Education Cabinet'sHigher Education Resource page.Candidates for the City of Boston Scholarship Program must be Boston residents who have graduated from high school or have completed G.E.D. programming by the time the awards are made. Additionally, candidates must be planning to attend, or currently attending, a two- or four-year accredited post-secondary institution in Massachusetts.Residents who meet these eligibility requirements are encouraged toapply here. The deadline to submit applications is April 12, 2019 at 5:00 p.m. For applicants who are renewing their scholarship from a previous year, please emailCOBscholarship@boston.gov.For more information on the City of Boston Scholarship, or to apply, please visitBoston.gov/scholarship."
"Building on his commitment to create and preserve affordable housing in Boston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced more than $26 million in new and recommended funding from the Department of Neighborhood Development, the Neighborhood Housing Trust, and the Community Preservation Fund, to create and preserve 515 units of housing in Brighton, East Boston, Dorchester, Mattapan, Mission Hill, North End, and Roxbury. The new funding will also contribute to affordable housing programming like the Acquisition Opportunity Program and the Boston Home Center.""As Boston continues to grow, we want to make sure everyone has a place to call home, no matter their income,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""It's important now more than ever that we use every tool in our toolbox to build more housing for working families in our City. This announcement is a great example of how we're building strong partnerships in the housing community to create more affordable housing options across all of our neighborhoods.""The new funding will create 459 new units and preserve 56 units of housing. As a result of requesting proposals with a focus on creating affordable units, 290 units that will be created or preserved will be restricted to households with low, moderate, and middle income. The majority of these units will be accessible to households with incomes up to 60 percent of the Area Median Income (AMI), which amounts to $65,000 or less for a family of four. The new units are a combination of homeownership and rental opportunities with some set aside for formerly homeless households, seniors, and artists.""Many thanks to Mayor Walsh and to the City of Boston for their ongoing commitment to affordable housing and the needs our seniors,"" said Albert Caldarelli, president of the East Boston Community Development Corporation. ""As a result of these new funds, the East Boston CDC will be able to create new affordable senior housing at the Grace Apartments in East Boston and in the North End. We look forward to working with the city as these developments get underway.""To ensure that all units receiving City funding will remain affordable, they will all be deed restricted permanently or for 50 years. In all cases, the projects have been carefully underwritten to leverage alternative sources to minimize City funding. For the homeownership opportunities, first-time homebuyers earning between 70-100 percent of AMI will receive down payment assistance, the opportunity to take a home buying class, and financial and real estate counseling.""DND is excited that we were able to fund projects with such deep affordability, ranging from 50 percent of the Area Median Income to homeless individuals and the elderly,"" said Chief of Housing Sheila Dillon. ""I can't wait to see these projects completed, and I want to thank the Neighborhood Housing Trust, the Community Preservation Committee, and our partners in the housing community for helping us create more affordable housing in Boston."" Funds to create and preserve these units will be awarded from three sources: the first, of approximately $4.4 million, consists of funds administered by the Department of Neighborhood Development. The second source, of approximately $3.6 million, utilizes funds from the Neighborhood Housing Trust (NHT), which are collected through the City's Linkage policy, extracting affordable housing funds from developers of large commercial projects.The third source utilizes funds from the Community Preservation Fund, of approximately $18 million, which are collected through the CPA's one percent property tax surcharge adopted by Boston voters in 2016 to invest in affordable housing, historic preservation, and open space. The Community Preservation Committee held a public meeting on Monday, February 11, 2019, to vote onthe Mayor's recommended slate of projects for funding. At that meeting, the CPC voted to recommend $9.3 million towards development and preservation of 515 units of housing and an additional $8.8 million towards affordable housing programming. The projects will be submitted to the Boston City Council for approval with an anticipated vote from the Council in March.Today's announcement contributes to goals outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030of creating 69,000 new units of housing at a variety of income levels across the City, including nearly 16,000 new units of income-restricted housing that will bring Boston's total number of income-restricted units to 70,000 by 2030. Since the launch of the plan, 29,091 new units have been permitted.The following is a complete list of the proposals that are receiving or being recommended for funding:Acquisition Opportunity Program (AOP)The AOP's goal is to combat displacement through the purchase of existing rental units to income-restrict them as permanently affordable housing.Boston Home CenterThe new funding will assist income-qualified first-time homebuyers.UHomes/90 Antwerp Street, Developer: UrbanicaThe developer will create 20 mixed-income condominium units, including 12 deed-restricted units available to first-time homebuyers. 6 of the units will be for homebuyers who earn up to 100% of Area Median Income and 6 of the units will be for homebuyers who earn up to 80% of Area Median Income. The federal government currently deems 80% AMI to be approximately $75,000 for a family of three. The project will be developed on land owned by Harvard University that has been donated for the purpose of creating affordable homeownership opportunities.Dudley Terrace, Developer: Dorchester Bay EDCThe developer will preserve 56 transit-oriented affordable units in the Upham's Corner and the Savin Hill neighborhoods of Dorchester. This scattered-site development will be rehabilitated to address immediate health and safety issues and critical systems upgrades. Through this redevelopment, the developer hopes to add additional homeless set-aside and supportive housing units.Aileron Ownership, Developer: Neighborhood of Affordable HousingThe developer is proposing to build seven housing units on City land, including four affordable units, along with a 33-unit mixed-income rental project, with a preference for artist housing.Grace Apartments, Developer: East Boston Community Development CorporationThe developer will create 42 units of low-income elderly housing, including five units of housing for the homeless in Maverick Square.Morton Station Village, Developer: Caribbean Integration Community Development & Planning Office for Urban AffairsThe developer will create 40 units of mixed-income housing including nine deed-restricted home ownership units that will be available to households earning 80-100% AMI, or from about $77,000 to $97,000 for three persons. The Morton Station Village will also feature a serenity park to honor the memory of the late Steven P. Odom, and is being built on formerly City-owned land. Terrace Street Artist Apartments, Developer: Primary DevelopmentThe developer is proposing to build 13 home ownership units in City-owned land with live/work space for qualified artists earning between 70-80% AMI, or between $60,000 and almost $70,000 for a two-person household.Knights Senior Housing, Developer: East Boston Community Development CorporationEast Boston CDC will create 23 affordable apartments for seniors, including three units of housing for homeless seniors, and a neighborhood meeting space, in the Knights of Columbus headquarters.Bartlett Station Lot D, Developer: Preservation of Affordable Housing (POAH)The developer proposes to create 52 units of housing, including 42 units restricted to Bostonians over the age of 55 who earn at or below 80% of AMI, or $69,000 for a two person household. This development also includes five units of housing for formerly homeless Bostonians. Lot D is part of the Bartlett Station redevelopment of the former MBTA bus yard in Dudley Square, and is being built on City-controlled land.Whittier Choice - Phase 2A, Developer: Madison Park Development Corporation and POAHThis is the second of three phases of the Whittier Choice Neighborhood project, which is a redevelopment of the existing Whittier Street Apartments as part of the Choice Neighborhoods Initiative. This phase proposes to build 52 units rental housing, of which 48 will be affordable or workforce housing. Rio Grande, Developer: Rio Grande, LLCThe developer is proposing a 25-story residential and commercial tower that will include 193 market-rate units and 48 affordable income-restricted units to those earning below 50% of Area Median Income, or less than $50,000 for a household of three persons.Last month,Mayor Walsh submitted a comprehensive legislative package to the Massachusetts Legislature, expanding the work that Boston has done to address the region's affordable housing crisis. The housing security bills proposed seek to help existing tenants, particularly older adults, remain in their homes, and create additional funding for affordable housing.This work builds off Boston's commitment to ensuring all communities have affordable and equitable housing options. Currently, one in five housing units in Boston is income restricted to people with none to moderate incomes. Boston has secured funding to build affordable housing by utilizing a range of tools, including leveraging market-rate development, collecting linkage and Inclusionary Development Policy (IDP) payments from real estate developers, and by supporting passage of the Community Preservation Act (CPA).The Mayor's bills aimed at creating additional funding for affordable housing include:An Act to Further Leverage Commercial Development to Build Housing, Create Jobs and Preserve Inclusionary DevelopmentThis Home Rule petition would adjust Boston's Linkage Program. Linkage was created as a way for commercial development to contribute to the City's needs for affordable housing and workforce development, mandating that a fee per square foot be directed to the Neighborhood Housing Trust Fund and The Neighborhood Jobs Trust, with the City being allowed to make a CPI adjustment every three years. However, given the cyclical nature of building booms, greater flexibility has proven necessary to share the benefits of our current economic growth with more residents. In order to provide Boston with the ability to make adjustments to the Linkage formula as needed, the bill would eliminate the restriction on making adjustments only once every three years, allowing the City to respond to market conditions in real time. This bill would also codify the City's Inclusionary Development Program (IDP) into the Zoning Code, so that as the City upzones and more projects become as-of-right, the City does not lose its ability to collect IDP.An Act to Sustain Community Preservation RevenueThis bill would protect the vital Community Preservation Act that more than 170 cities and towns depend on for the creation of affordable housing, open space, and historic preservation. It would adjust the surcharge on fees for recording deeds to increase the State CPA match. When municipalities voted to enact CPA, they did so with the promise of a substantial state match. This year, the match was just 19%, meaning that the CPA bill people voted for is no longer the same bill. This would help to bring CPA more in line with what voters agreed to."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 2 Neponset Avenue in Dorchester, MA 02122.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on March 1, 2019.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department will be bringing the annual Childrens Winter Festival to Boston Common in partnership with the Highland Street Foundation during school vacation week on Wednesday, February 20, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.The Childrens Winter Festival gives kids and families the opportunity to enjoy a day of outdoor fun in downtown Boston, said Mayor Walsh. Come join us for free games and activities on the Common during public school vacation week.Additional support is being provided by XFINITY, Capital One, the Floating Hospital for Children at Tufts Medical Center, L.L. Bean, and Cricket Wireless.Among the attractions will the 45-foot-long Toboggan Tunnel mountainous adventure with twin roller lanes, the 30-foot-high inflatable Everest Climb N Slide, a Ski Lift photo op, sledding, and much more. In addition, the Highland Street Foundation is sponsoring a week-long Winter Camp at the Boston Common Frog Pond with free skating and rentals for all ages from Monday, February 18, through Friday, February 22. For more information on Winter Camp skating, please visit highlandstreet.org.The festival will also feature 103.3 AMP Radios JD, giveaways (while supplies last) from Disneys The Little Mermaid Signature Collection 30th Anniversary Edition and Ralph Breaks the Internet, and refreshments from Power Crunch protein energy bars, Cabot Cheese with Fuel Up To Play 60, KIND Snacks, and Natures Path.Additional support is provided by Magic 106.7 and 103.3 AMP Radio.Please note that this is an outdoor event with temperatures expected to be in the low to mid-30s. Attendees should dress appropriately for winter weather. For more information, please call the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at (617) 635-4505, visitboston.gov/parks, or facebook.com/bostonparksdepartment.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolishthe McDonald's structure at 1750 Soldiers Field Road in Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 25, 2019.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the City's Community Preservation Committee (CPC) this week recommended 56 projects, totaling more than $34 million, for inclusion in the fall funding round for the Community Preservation Act (CPA). The CPC held a public meeting on Monday, February 11, 2019, to vote on the Mayor's recommended slate of projects for funding. The projects will be submitted to the Boston City Council for approval with an anticipated vote from the Council in March.""I am proud to recommend these proposals for funding approval, which will support our community in countless ways,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Since residents voted to adopt the Community Preservation Act two years ago, we have awarded CPA funding for projects in every neighborhood. We look forward to continuing to use this revenue to build on our work related to affordable housing, historic preservation and open space.""After a thorough review process of the applications received, the following projects are being recommended for funding:By adopting the CPA in November 2016, the City has created a Community Preservation Fund. This fund is capitalized primarily by a one percent property tax-based surcharge on residential and business property tax bills that began in July 2017. The City will use this revenue to fund initiatives consistent with CPA guidelines: affordable housing, historic preservation, open space and public recreation.As part of the City's plan to oversee the investments made through the adoption of the CPA, Mayor Walsh worked in partnership with the Boston City Council to form a Community Preservation Committee (CPC) that will study community preservation needs and make recommendations on how CPA funds should be allocated. The CPC is made up of nine members, five of whom are representative of the City's boards and commissions and four of whom are appointed by the City Council. The funding of any project requires a recommendation from the committee and appropriation by the City. For more information, visit theCommunity Preservation webpage."
The Chinese New Year Celebration will be held on Sunday, February 17, in Chinatown. Traffic and parking will be impacted. People coming into the City for the event are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.The following streets will be closed to traffic from 7 AM to 5 PM on SundayIn addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Boston Housing Authority Administrator Bill McGonagle, Beacon Communities LLC, and community residents broke ground today for the third phase of redevelopment of the Anne M. Lynch Homes at Old Colony. Phase Three represents a $150-million investment in this affordable housing project, including $25 million contributed by the City of Boston. Beacon Communities will replace 250 outmoded apartments with 305 brand new affordable, sustainably-designed apartments, which includes an addition of 55 new affordable homes.In Boston, our goal is to build more opportunity for all as we continue to invest in Bostons future, said Mayor Walsh. This project is an important milestone that will improve lives for hundreds of families in South Boston, and build homes that will last at Old Colony for another century. Phase Three builds on the tremendous success of two previous phases of redevelopment. Nearly a decade ago, BHA and the residents of Old Colony teamed up with Beacon Communities Development to implement the master plan. The 2010 Old Colony Master Plan, which was the result of broad stakeholder participation, reimagined the historic public housing community and laid out a strategic vision to knit Old Colony back into the fabric of the South Boston neighborhood. Phases One and Two, completed in 2011 and 2015, created 285 new affordable apartment homes plus the new Tierney Learning Center, which promotes education, wellness and community building among Old Colony residents and the entire South Boston community. Phase Three continues the transformation, and the net gain of 55 affordable housing units in this third phase of the redevelopment helps achieve progress towards Mayor Walshs 2030 Boston housing goals.The redevelopment replaces buildings that are more than 75 years old and no longer meet families needs. The new apartments will be energy efficient, accessible, and designed to meet healthy homes standards. Phase Three will comprise three subphases. Phase Three A and Three B will replace the 250 existing units with 135 and 115 apartments, respectively. Phase Three C will create 55 new apartments for seniors and people with disabilities, adding to the Citys affordable housing stock. Phase Three of the project will create more than 200 construction jobs.Phase Three of Old Colony continues the Walsh Administrations work to increase affordable housing through the city. In 2018, Mayor Walsh increased the City's overall housing targets from 53,000 to 69,000 new units by 2030, including 15,820 income-restricted units, to meet Boston's population growth. These income-restricted units will include purchasing 1,000 rental housing units from the speculative market and income-restricting them through an expanded Acquisition Opportunity Program. In addition, the City announced awardees of an affordable housing funding round that included more than $16 million in city affordable housing funds, and the first awards of Community Preservation Act (CPA) funding for affordable housing development projects.As the City continues to make strides towards creating more affordable housing, it is also working with regional partners to ensure affordable housing is a reality throughout the region through the Metro Mayor's Regional Housing Task Force. Mayor Walsh helped spearhead the execution of a recently-released regional housing production goal, which aims to create 185,000 new units of housing across the region by the year 2030. The proposed bills will enhance the work of the Metro Mayors Coalition.Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh also announced his legislative housing package, focused on housing security and economic mobility, expanding the work Boston has done to address the region's affordable housing crisis and proposing new and existing tools to leverage Boston's prosperity and create sustainable wealth opportunities for a more inclusive and equitable city. The housing security bills proposed seek to help existing tenants, particularly older adults, remain in their homes, and create additional funding for affordable housing.Hundreds of families are already seeing the benefits of our efforts to revitalize Old Colony, and this project promises to make a significant difference for hundreds of future residents, said BHA Administrator Bill McGonagle. Phase Three will continue to improve lives and create opportunities in South Boston.In addition to the financing from the City of Boston, Phase Threelike Phases One and Two before itis receiving support from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Department of Housing and Community Development and from MassHousing.Demolition to make way for the 135 new apartments in Phase Three A will begin in the coming weeks followed by construction which will last approximately 18 months. Residents who have been relocated will have the right to return to the community. Beacon is excited about not only replacing the outdated remaining buildings in Old Colonywith beautiful new buildingsbutalso adding an additional 55 affordable apartments that will endure as quality housing resources long in to the future, said Beacon Communities CEO Dara Kovel. We are proud of our long partnership with the Boston Housing Authority and grateful to the many city,state and federal agencies and other partners who made this transformation possible.About the Boston Housing AuthorityThe Boston Housing Authority (BHA) provides affordable housing to more than 58,000 residents in and around the City of Boston. Residents are assisted through a combination of public housing and federal and state voucher subsidy programs that provide a wide variety of housing opportunities. As the largest public housing authority in New England, the BHA houses close to 9 percent of the city's residents. Our mission is to provide stable, quality affordable housing for low and moderate income persons to deliver these services with integrity and mutual accountability and to create healthy living environments which serve as catalysts for the transformation from dependency to economic self-sufficiency.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced preparations for tomorrow's winter storm. A wintry mix will begin at midday, from 12 - 1 p.m., with snow beginning to fall between 2 - 4 p.m. on Tuesday. The snow will continue throughout the evening, falling at a rate of an inch an hour, impacting evening commutes. Temperatures will begin in the low 30s, and steadily rise. Overnight, the storm has the potential to bring seven inches of snow to Boston. Wednesday morning, rain will begin between the hours of 2 - 4 a.m.Due to the travel conditions, Boston Public Schools is canceling all after-school activities tomorrow.School will remain open on Tuesday, and BPS plans to keep school open on Wednesday.However, officials will continue to monitor the forecast and notify students and families of any changes. BPS is notifying families of the decision to cancel Tuesday's after-school activities via automated phone call and other communications this evening.In preparation of the winter weather, Boston Public Works will have 520 pieces of equipment pre-treating Boston roadways with salt. The Public Works Department currently has 38,000 tons of salt on hand.When shoveling snow,residents are reminded not to throw snow onto the street, and to shovel out catch basins and fire hydrants. There isnoparking ban or snow emergency in effect.""We are encouraging residents to use caution when traveling, assist older neighbors and those who are disabled, and keep up with the shoveling of their property throughout the storm,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The City of Boston and our Public Works are prepared for all storms that come Boston's way, and we ask that residents and businesses do their part, including shoveling their sidewalks and walkways, to ensure safety for all. Please remember to abide by the snow rules, stay off the roads and be safe.""Residents are encouraged to sign up for emergency notifications through AlertBoston and utilize Boston's 311 call center for non-emergency related issues. To find out more information about resources and services available to residents, please visit our Winter in Boston guide.Boston Public Libraries and Boston Centers for Youth & Families' community centers will be open normal business hours. You cancheck their schedules online.Residents are encouraged to sign-up forAlertBostonto receive emergency alerts and to call 311, download theBOS:311 app, or tweet at@BOS311with questions or concerns. Follow@CityofBostonand visit Boston.gov for the latest updates."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 44 Waverly Street in Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 21, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish thecommercial structure at 1182-1190 and1192-1198 Commonwealth Avenue inAllston, MA 02134.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 18, 2019.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced an additional Neighborhood Trauma Team dedicated to Grove Hall will soon begin its service, increasing capacity to the citywide network's ability to support Boston residents impacted by trauma. Project RIGHT Inc. and Harvard Street Neighborhood Health Center were selected to partner with the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) to further provide greater community outreach and support to Grove Hall residents.""Being there for each other is at the heart of what makes Boston's neighborhoods strong. Our trauma teams work collaboratively to coordinate a citywide response and recovery network,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are breaking the cycle of suffering by investing in neighborhood programs like these. It is an honor to announce that BPHC, Harvard Street Neighborhood Health Center and Project RIGHT are partnering to form this new neighborhood trauma team.""In his FY19 budget, Mayor Walsh made an additional investment of $284,000 to support the growth of the Neighborhood Trauma Team Network, bringing the total investment to $1,284,000 in the last three years. This additional investment further strengthened the citywide network of neighborhood trauma teams in Dorchester, Roxbury, Jamaica Plain, East Boston, and Mattapan, that offer immediate support to residents and ongoing access to evidence-based trauma treatment.TheNeighborhood Trauma Team Networkprovides resources that include:""The addition of the Grove Hall Neighborhood Trauma is a concerted effort between the City and our community partners to break the cycle of suffering that prevents our communities from thriving,"" said Chief of Health and Human Services Marty Martinez. ""While we work to strengthen our trauma services, we will continue to build trust and strengthen our connection to the community so our residents can confidently increase support systems and access vital resources in a time of most need.""Mayor Walshlaunched the Neighborhood Trauma Teamsto strengthen efforts to support Boston residents impacted by violence. Managed by the Boston Public Health Commission, and co-led in each neighborhood by teams consisting of a community health center and a community partner, the teams are supported through a combination of City funding and grants from Boston Children's Hospital Boston and Partners HealthCare System.""This grant award is quite timely and much needed,"" said Mike Kozu, Deputy Director of Project RIGHT. ""Too many of our young people and residents that have been exposed to violence have not addressed how the impact of trauma has affected their lives. We look forward to expand the support we provide in the community by being there after violence happens to share information about the services we offer as a Neighborhood Trauma Team.""""We know that gun violence disproportionately damages communities of color, and research proves that witnesses to gun violence are at serious risk for trauma, depression, anxiety and other devastating health problems,"" said Stan A. McLaren, president and CEO of the Harvard Street Neighborhood Health Center. ""We are grateful that funding for this important initiative will help our community to address the aftermath of exposure to violence.""""We have intentionally built each of the teams as partnerships between a community group and a health center so that they can take an authentic and trauma-informed approach in the work they do. The addition of the Grove Hall team to the city's NTT network has already added on-the-ground incident response capacity upon which we will build in the coming months,"" said Monica Valdes Lupi, executive director of the Boston Public Health Commission.About the Boston Public Health CommissionThe Boston Public Health Commission, one of the country's first health departments, is an independent public agency providing a wide range of health services and programs. It is governed by a seven-member board of health appointed by the Mayor of Boston.Public service and access to quality health care are the cornerstones of our mission - to protect, preserve, and promote the health and well-being of all Boston residents, particularly those who are most vulnerable. The Commission's more than 40 programs are grouped into six bureaus: Child, Adolescent & Family Health Community Health Initiatives Homeless Services Infectious Disease Recovery Services and Emergency Medical Services."
Language and Communications Access is an important part of Mayor Walshs vision for a more inclusive and equitable city. It joins other priority initiatives under the Mayors leadership such as Imagine Boston 2030, the Mayors Resilience Strategy, Age Friendly Boston, and Climate Ready Boston. Together, these citywide efforts aim to make Boston a better and more liveable city for all.What exactly is Language and Communications Access (LCA)? LCA is an accessibility plan that makes it easier for people to interact with the City. It can take many forms. Interpretation and translation services help those who need to communicate in another language besides English. Assistive technology provides a layer of support for any communications-related need for users of other languages or people with a disability. Some people may use their own assistive technology devices such as hearing aids and text-to-speech software. The City of Boston can further support access through technology such as Communications Access Real-Time (CART), assistive listening devices, and live interpretation equipment.LCA is an important measure to have in place for several reasons. First, everyone has a right to access City services and benefits. Part of the Citys responsibility is to actively remove barriers that would make it difficult for people to do so. We are here to help improve peoples livelihoods. Whether someone wants to join a new community, report an emergency, or start their own business, the process should be fair and accessible to everyone regardless of age, ability, or languages used.LCA is also important because it meets people where they are. Thoughtful accessibility planning promotes a message of inclusivity and empowerment. People are able to engage with their leaders and representatives without fear of discrimination. They may feel more connected to their communities because they feel like they belong. Under Mayor Walshs leadership, the City of Boston wants to recognize diversity and celebrate and promote those differences. This is what makes Boston so great. We hope you think so, too.The Language and Communication Access program works to strengthen the City of Boston so that services, programs, and activities are meaningfully accessible to all constituents. To learn more, visit the Language and Communication Access website.
The CPA raises funds via a 1% surcharge on real estate property tax bills and uses these funds to support efforts to increase affordable housing, parks, open space, and historic preservation efforts across the City. The Commonwealth of Massachusetts provides matching funds to local Community Preservation Act (CPA) municipalities via the Community Preservation Trust, a fund generated by the current $20 Registry of Deeds filing fee.State-match funding is necessary to ensure that the CPA remains an effective part of our citys planning, community stabilization and preservation efforts in an era of rapid growth and development across all neighborhoods. Despite continued advocacy from stakeholders at the municipal and state levels, the Registry of Deeds filing fee has not been adjusted to meet current needs in nearly 19 years.This week, the City Council adopted a resolution in support of H.D. 2835/S.D. 746, An Act to Sustain Community Preservation. By allowing passage and implementation, this bill would adjust the surcharge on fees for recording deeds to increase match-funding revenue as prescribed by the Community Preservation Act.As Boston continues to go through an era of rapid growth and development, the City of Boston is dependent on tools such as Community Preservation funds as part of our community stabilization and preservation efforts.Despite continued advocacy from stakeholders at the municipal and state levels, relying on the states budget surplus as a funding stream for a short-term solution presents municipalities with unpredictable state-match funding where more predictable state-matching funding is necessary for more effective City planning.The proposed legislation already has over 100 co-sponsors at the state.
Winter Walk is a campaignto raise awareness and funds to help end homelessness in Boston. It centers on an annual walk, during which participants move two miles around the streets of the Cityin February, the coldest month of the year. Following the walk, participants will come together to share breakfast and hear stories from partner organizations and the homeless community.You are invited to join Councilor Essaibi-George and her team to listen to the stories of those who call Boston's streets home.You can find more information and register for the Winter Walk online.
During this weeks Council meeting, Councilor Essaibi-George presented a resolution to female athletes and coaches of East Boston High School.Courage, sacrifice, determination, commitment, toughness, heart, talent, and gut. These are some of the things that stuck with me while being a female athlete, said Nicollette, an athlete at East Boston High School. She continued, Playing sports at a young age and continuing to do so during my four years at East Boston High School has taught me many lessons that have impacted my life both on and off the court and field. I know that not every situation I encounter will be easy, however with these traits I am able to be open to anything that comes my way and view it as a learning experience.Councilor Essaibi-George, who played sports in high school and later coached high school students, said, The theme this year is Lead Her Forward. Today we recognize how sports empower, strengthen, and give confidence to girls and women in sports to become leaders and champions for other women.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 12 Thwing Street inRoxbury, MA 02119.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 17, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the 283 Walk Hill Street, 289 Walk Hill Street, 576 Canterbury Street, and 578 Canterbury Street in Roslindale,MA 02131.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 17, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 177 West Eighth Street inSouth Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 17, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the commercial structure at 267 Old Colony Avenue in South Boston.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 17, 2019.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the 6 Avondale Street in Dorchester,MA 02124.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 17, 2019.
"The Red Bull Crashed Ice Event taking place at Fenway Park on Friday, February 8 and Saturday, February 9, will impact traffic and parking in the Fenway neighborhood of Boston. People coming into the City for the event are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.The following streets will be closed to traffic from 2 PM to 11 PM on Friday and Saturday.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday and Saturday 6 AM to 11 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.""Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday and Saturday 4 PMto 11 PM"" parking restrictions will be in effect as follows."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Boston Housing Authority (BHA) Administrator Bill McGonagle and Inquilinos Boricuas en Accin (IBA) CEO Vanessa Caldern-Rosado to celebrate the launch of the West Newton/Rutland Apartments rehabilitation. The project will transfer ownership of the South End properties from the BHA to IBA, a nonprofit community development organization, to renovate and preserve the properties' long-term affordability for future generations.""Preserving Boston's affordable housing stock is key to ensuring that everyone who wants to live here can afford to do so,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm proud that because of this partnership these affordable units will be preserved for hundreds of families in the South End for decades to come.""The $47.2 million project will preserve 146 units of affordable, public housing on West Newton and Rutland Streets in the South End. BHA is providing the operating subsidy associated with all 146 apartment units. The rehabilitation work includes exterior masonry repairs, new windows at the roof dormer level, exterior doors, roofs, fire alarms, accessible ramps and a sprinkler system. Eight units will be renovated to be accessible units and 11 units that are currently uninhabitable will be made available.IBA will convert the public housing units to long term rental assistance, with 110 units funded through the Rental Assistance Demonstration (RAD) program and 36 units funded through Section 8 project-based vouchers provided by the BHA. The development will be restricted as affordable for 99 years through a restricted ground-lease with the BHA.""It's a great day for residents of the South End. As we work to upgrade our public housing units, one of our priorities is to make sure that we do not lose a single unit of affordable housing in the process,"" BHA Administrator Bill McGonagle said. ""This project ensures that these deeply affordable units are preserved for hundreds of families in the South End in the decades to come.""""As living costs continue to rise across the city, we remain firmly committed to identifying new ways to expand affordable housing and empower low-income minority residents in Boston,"" said IBA CEO Dr. Vanessa Caldern-Rosado. ""We are grateful to the Boston Housing Authority for providing us with an opportunity to come full circle with this property, revitalize the West Newton/Rutland apartments and welcome its residents into our community.""The project will be funded through federal Low-Income Housing Tax Credits, federal and state Historic Tax Credits, and a construction to permanent loan of $7.76 million utilizing tax-exempt bonds. Lenders include MassHousing, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) and Wells Fargo.In 1977, IBA conducted a renovation of the West Newton Street properties, converting late 19thcentury brick South End row-houses into public housing for the Boston Housing Authority. Going forward, they will offer residents access to IBA's residential programs and services, which include education, workforce development, advocacy, arts and cultural programming.At the outset of redevelopment and throughout the long-term, IBA will remain committed to upgrading and maintaining the properties' physical condition in a way that preserves the site's affordability, minimizes disruption to residents, engages them meaningfully, and creates jobs and economic opportunity.A recently-released inventory of Boston's affordable housing found the South End to be the neighborhood with the highest concentration of income-restricted housing stock in the city. According toIncome-Restricted Housing in Boston, almost half (48 percent) of all housing in the South End is income restricted.The West Newton/Rutland renovation strongly aligns with the City's housing goals outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030. Mayor Walsh recently increased the City's overall housing targets from 53,000 to 69,000 new units by 2030 to meet Boston's population growth. These updated housing goals build on Mayor Walsh's commitment to increasing access to home ownership, preventing displacement and promoting fair and equitable housing access.About the Boston Housing AuthorityThe Boston Housing Authority (BHA) provides affordable housing to more than 58,000 residents in and around the City of Boston. Residents are assisted through a combination of public housing and federal and state voucher subsidy programs that provide a wide variety of housing opportunities. As the largest public housing authority in New England, the BHA houses close to 9 percent of the city's residents. Our mission is to provide stable, quality affordable housing for low and moderate income persons to deliver these services with integrity and mutual accountability and to create healthy living environments which serve as catalysts for the transformation from dependency to economic self-sufficiency.About IBA (Inquilinos Boricuas en Accin)IBA - Inquilinos Boricuas en Accin - is one of the nation's first community-based, non-profit organizations to independently develop affordable housing and community spaces. Born from the fight against displacement in the South End, IBA's dedication to equitable, accessible community development and engaging residential services empower individuals and families to improve their lives through education, workforce development, arts programming and high-quality affordable housing. For more than fifty years, IBA has built a safe, healthy and supportive environments for diverse residents, while developing emerging leaders. IBA has evolved into a driving force in the South End and across the city as a leading non-profit owner, developer and advocate of affordable housing."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the parking garage at One Post Office Square in downtown Boston,MA 02110.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 14, 2019.
February is Black History Month. We at the Employee Assistance Program want to take this opportunity to explore issues and resources that impact the African American community, as well as local City events celebrating Black History. As always, discussing these topics openly with colleagues, family, and friends helps to build understanding and awareness. To learn more this month, check out the following links:If you are aware of any additional programs, helpful resources, or activities that celebrate Black History Month, please let us know!
Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the City of Boston's Black Employee Network also known as BEN, and the entire City of Boston kicked offa month-long celebration in honor of Black History Month. During the month of February, there will be special events hosted around Boston celebrating the accomplishments and contributions of the Black community, acknowledging Black leaders, activists and trailblazers who fought so hard for diversity, equality and inclusion. Black Migration: The Journey that Connects Us(Mayor Martin J. Walsh's Senior Luncheon 60+)Thursday, February 14, 2019To RSVP for the event,please call the Age Strong Commission at 617-635-4366Black History Trivia and Skate Night (all ages welcome)5:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.Friday, February 15, 2019Chez-Vous, 11 Rhoades St., Dorchester Mayor Walsh's 3rd Annual African American Veterans Brunch11:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.Saturday, February 16, 2019ABCD Thelma Burns Building, 575 Warren St., RoxburyCarter G. Woodson Basketball TournamentBeginning at 2:30 p.m.Saturday, February 16, 2019BCYF Vine Street Community Center, 339 Dudley St., RoxburyBlack Well Being Lunch and Learn12:00 p.m. - 1:00 p.m.Wednesday, February 20, 2019Boston City Hall, 5th floor Piemonte RoomDream Chasers - One Mic, Many Voices5:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m.Wednesday, February 27, 2019BCYF Perkins Community Center, 155 Talbot Ave., DorchesterFashionscape & Arts of Boston7:00 p.m. - 9:00 p.m.Thursday, February 28, 2019Bruce Bolling Municipal Building, 2300 Washington St., Roxbury
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) granted Temporary Protected Status (TPS) to more than 14,000 Nepalese suffering from the devastating impact the earthquake had on the country. As it stands, DHS is planning to terminate Nepals TPS designation on June, 24, 2019.The country is still in the process of rebuilding schools, medical facilities, housing and water systems. This week the City Council adopted a resolution urging President Donald Trump and DHS to extend TPS for Nepal. The Council supports and values the positive contributions of TPS holders and their families to the community. They also previously adopted a resolution in support of extending TPS for Haitian nationals on May 17, 2017.
Pine Street Inn is an organization that partners with homeless individuals to help them move from the streets and shelter to a home. They also provide assistance in helping formerly homeless individuals stay in their homes.Councilor Essaibi-George shared that she had the privilege of participating in a ride-along a couple of months ago with the outreach team as they drove through the City to provide wellness checks and encourage people who are experiencing homelessness to come off the streets and into Pine Street Inn.Councilor Essaibi-George said, The temperatures that night were below freezing and we met many individuals. The outreach team met each person with respect and love. They knew many of the individuals we met. They knew their names, their stories, their circumstances, and how long they [had been] on the streets. She continued, As we made our way through different parts of the City and talked to many of our residents experiencing homelessness, one thing was clear: Mike, Jason, and Margie were loved by these people.For 50 years, Pine Street Inn has been providing a comprehensive range of programs and services for individuals in need, including housing supports, emergency services, and workforce development. Their ultimate goal is to end homelessness by making permanent housing a reality for all. They are currently the only organization offering nighttime street outreach in Boston.For more information, visit the Pine Street Inn website.
The Holocaust was an atrocity that occurred during the Second World War, taking the lives of 6 million Jewish people and millions of others, including LGBTQ people and those with disabilities.Councilor Zakim, a grandson of refugees from the Holocaust said, We need to reflect on the continued battle for human rights and civil rights, and remember the past as we think about the future  as we talk about current debates in this country on immigration, building walls and keeping people out that people say dont belong here in our country.Councilor Flynn followed, saying, Its important for us to stand up, as we have for so many years, and remember this day, [and] recommit ourselves to making sure that we try to treat everyone fairly, with respect and with dignity.The United Nations established January 27 as the International Holocaust Remembrance Day in honor of the liberation of Auschwitz, the largest Nazi concentration camp.
According to the Center for American Progress, only nine states and the District of Columbia require one year of U.S government or civics education, with Massachusetts not being one of them.Councilor Garrison highlighted a statistic, saying, Only a quarter of Americans can name all three branches of government. I propose that we open up the conversation and work with our City Hall education cabinet [...] to consider changing our half year mandatory civics class requirement to at least one year, and perhaps even more than that.The matter was assigned to the Committee on Education for further review.
seemingly | the grisly and grey are fabled to belong to no place | and not withinthe hideous is said to cause pause often | and force breath to reverse windthe closer we look to the sore | soaring | the more we shall beholdbecoming brute | concrete creation | city crossedcoliseum | emerging sunwe gather to
"On Wednesday night, Mayor Martin J. Walsh led a group of hundreds of volunteers, including City and State officials, community and civic leaders, and homeless providers in conducting the City's 39th annual homeless census. The street count is part of a larger census of homeless adults and families in emergency shelters, transitional housing, and domestic violence programs. The results from this year's homeless census will be available in the coming months.""We have prioritized ending chronic homelessness since day one, and making sure that everyone has a place to call home,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Besides providing critical insight to guide our efforts to end homelessness while offering immediately assistance to individuals in need of shelter, the homeless census is always an opportunity to embrace who we are as a community, the values we share, and how deeply we care about one another.""In 2017, Boston was identified by theU.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD)as the city with the lowest percentage of unsheltered people living on the street of any city conducting a census. Last year, less than three percent of Boston's homeless population was sleeping on the street. The annual homeless census is required by HUD as a key component of Boston's $26 million federal grant.This year, 330 volunteers canvassed 45 areas covering every neighborhood, Logan Airport, and the transit and parks systems. Volunteers canvassed their assigned areas, identified those sleeping on the street, and conducted a short survey. The surveys will be closely analyzed to ensure accuracy, and will be cross-checked and combined with the results of the simultaneous shelter count.The night the2018 Annual Homeless Censuswas conducted, 1,779 individuals were using Boston's Emergency Shelter system, compared to 1,762 in 2017. Boston also saw a decrease of more than 12 percent in the number of individuals sleeping on the street. In January 2018, there were 163 individuals sleeping on the street, as opposed to 186 in January 2017. Nationally, the number of unsheltered homeless has increased by 9 percent. There were no families staying on the streets or unsheltered in Boston on the night of the census.Boston's Way Home, the City's plan to end chronic and veteran homelessness prioritizes the housing first approach, meaning that when aperson enters into the shelter system they begin a path toward permanent and stable housing. Since the plan's launch in 2015, City agencies and community partners have dramatically redesigned the way services are delivered to homeless individuals, increasing resources devoted to housing and deploying new technologies to match formerly homeless people with housing and services.Since the launch Boston's Way Home, the City has:The City of Boston recently received a$26.3 million federal grantto support Boston's homelessness programs. Boston was awarded the funding as the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) announced the results of its annual 2018 McKinney Homeless Continuum of Care funding competition. The award will be use to help end chronic and veteran homelessness in the City.Mayor Walsh recently announced his legislative package submitted to the Massachusetts Legislature to create greater opportunity for all residents in the Commonwealth. Thebills related to housing security would prevent homelessnessby helping existing tenants, particularly older adults, remain in their homes, and create additional funding for affordable housing. This work builds off Boston's commitment to insuring all communities have affordable and equitable housing options."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the mixed-use structure at 3326 Washington Street in Jamaica Plain,MA 02130.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 10, 2019.
"This work will be done in collaboration with theMayor's Office of Resilience and Racial Equity (MORRE), an office established by Mayor Walsh in 2015 that is tasked with leading citywide efforts to help Boston plan for and overcome racial and economic equality.""To create citywide resilience, Boston must continue its work across all communities, including within our own city government, institutionalizing racial equity in our workplaces and practices,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Local government has the responsibility and capacity to address issues of racial equity and close racial disparities. My administration will be evaluating our existing policies and programs to create a culture that advances racial equity, making Boston a more welcoming and equitable city for all.""""We know that communities of color constitute 53 percent of Boston, and we are conscious of the role that the city needs to play in elevating those communities"" said Lori Nelson, Chief Resilience Officer. ""The City of Boston is committed to working with community members, leaders, organizations, and institutions to create effective programs and practices that work to advance racial equity and strengthen social cohesion across every city agency.""In 2017, Mayor Walsh released Boston's firstcitywide Resilience Strategy. Boston's Resilience Strategy is focused on ensuring every resident can reach their full potential regardless of their background, and removing the barriers of systemic racism that hinder Bostonians from having access to opportunities.The strategy was developed as part of the Boston's partnership with 100 Resilient Cities (100RC). Boston was named part of the 100RC Network in December 2014. As a member of the 100RC Network, Boston has received tools, technical expertise, funding and other resources to build resilience to the challenges of the 21st century.""Today's announcement from Mayor Walsh further exhibits the City of Boston's commitment to an equitable and resilient future for all Bostonians,"" saidCorinne LeTourneau, Managing Director of North America at 100 Resilient Cities - Pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation. ""As a proud partner on the city's first-ever Resilience Strategy, we are excited to see initiatives like this bring the pages ofResilient Bostonto life. The Executive Order represents an important step forward for the city, and we look forward to partnering for years to come.""As part of the implementation of this Executive Order, city departments will develop plans and goals for resilience, racial equity, and social justice. Additionally, the Executive Order supports the use of a racial equity framing to review current and proposed policies, programs, initiatives, practices and budget allocations to prevent decision making that may adversely impact communities of color and other marginalized populations. This tool will help surface unintended consequences of proposed actions, identify opportunities for improvement, identify how actions may advance racial equity, and create opportunities for increase community engagement and accountability.Under the Executive Order, city cabinets, departments, offices, and agencies will participate in educational trainings to help support the development of tools to facilitate execution of the order.This will focus on:This order comes in advance of an upcoming disparity study analyzing racial, ethnic and gender disparity in City spending. The study is expected to launch by the end of this year and will lead to the further examination of policies and goals that encourage the use of minority and women owned businesses.Under Mayor Walsh's leadership, the City of Boston has taken significant steps towards addressing racial and economic disparities, includingsigning an Executive Orderto ensure that minority and women entrepreneurs are afforded fair and equitable opportunities when competing for city contracts. In addition, in Mayor Walsh's State of the City address he announced the creation of Boston's Economic Development Center. The Center is designed to engage with residents on economic development policy around job growth, business development, placemaking and community economic development.The Economic Development Centerwill be at convenient, accessible locations in every neighborhood throughout the year, offer interpretation services upon request, a child-friendly environment, and will serve as a vehicle to generate economic opportunities for all residents and businesses in Boston.Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh released the City of Boston's Economic Inclusion and Equity Agenda, alegislative packagefocused on ensuring equity, opportunity and resilience for all Massachusetts residents, with bills related to economic mobility and housing security, transportation and the environment, and education funding.In August 2015, Mayor Walsh created the position of Boston's Chief Resilience Officer, a position created to lead resilience efforts to help Boston prepare for, withstand, and bounce back from the ""shocks"" - catastrophic events like floods, infrastructure failure and acts of terrorism - and ""stresses"" - slow-moving disasters like persistent racial and economic inequality, lack of affordable housing and unemployment.About the Mayor's Office of Resilience and Racial Equity"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Dr. Lorna Rivera to the Boston School Committee, the governing body of the Boston Public Schools (BPS). Dr. Lorna Rivera is the Director of the Mauricio Gastn Institute for Latino Community Development & Public Policy, and an Associate Professor of Women's & Gender Studies at the University of Massachusetts-Boston.The seven-member Boston School Committee is responsible for defining the vision, mission and goals of the Boston Public Schools establishing and monitoring the annual operating budget hiring, managing and evaluating the Superintendent and setting and reviewing district policies and practices to support student achievement.""As the parent of a 5thgrader at the Charles Sumner elementary school, I am honored to serve on the school committee, and am really looking forward to working with others to create a better future for our youth,"" said Dr. Rivera. ""I am also an educator and education researcher who is committed to advancing Boston Public Schools' and Mayor Walsh's goals to address opportunity gaps and to support the needs of Boston's diverse student populations.""""I am very happy to welcome another parent to the Boston School Committee,"" said Michael Loconto, Chairperson of the Boston School Committee. ""Dr. Rivera's deep experience with the Boston Public Schools will allow her to hit the ground running and continue supporting district-wide work to close opportunity and achievement gaps.""Currently, Dr. Rivera is working on the Latinx Student Success Initiative, a partnership with Bunker Hill Community College, to improve retention and graduation rates for Latinx college students. Dr. Rivera also works with the Talented & Gifted (TAG) and Proyecto Alerta afterschool programs that serve Latinx bilingual students in the Boston Public Schools. She has extensive community service and co-founded a national nonprofit, WE LEARN, dedicated to advancing women's literacy. Dr. Rivera serves on the Advisory Boards of the Center to Support Immigrant Organizing and the Latino Education Institute, and on the Board of Directors for the Hyde Square Task Force, an arts-based youth development organization serving Afro-Latinx youth in Boston. Dr. Rivera's family is originally from Puerto Rico, and she was raised in Chicago and attended Chicago Public Schools. Dr. Rivera has a Bachelor of Science in Elementary Education from DePaul University, state of Illinois licensure in Language Arts & Social Studies grades K-9, and a Masters and Doctorate in Sociology from Northeastern University. Between 1994 and 2001 she taught G.E.D. classes and also was the director of the Adult Learners Program at Project Hope in Dorchester. In 2001, Dr. Rivera joined the faculty at UMass Boston and her research focuses on women's and adult literacy programs, racial/ethnic health disparities, and the education of Latinx students and immigrant students. She is the author of many scholarly articles and the award-winning book, Laboring to Learn: Women's Literacy & Poverty in the Post-Welfare Era (2008, University of Illinois Press). Her research has been funded by the Society for the Study of Social Problems, the National Academy of Education, the Spencer Foundation, National Center for Family Literacy, and National Institutes on Health. Dr. Rivera has lived in the Jamaica Plain and Roslindale Square neighborhoods for over 27 years, and she is the proud parent of a ten-year old boy who attends the Charles Sumner Elementary School. Dr. Rivera also formerly served as the Co-Chair of the Parent Council at the Sumner school. She lives in Roslindale.The seven members of the School Committee are Boston residents appointed by the Mayor of Boston to serve four-year staggered terms. Mayor Walsh made these appointments based on a list of candidates recommended by a 13-member Citizens Nominating Panel composed of parents, teachers, principals, and representatives of business and higher education. Under the legislation that established the appointed School Committee, ""the Mayor shall strive to appoint individuals who reflect the racial, ethnic, and socioeconomic diversity of the city."" In December, Mayor Walshappointed Quoc Tran and reappointed Jeri Robinsonto the Boston School Committee.For more information on the School Committee,pleasevisit here."
The following are planned restrictions. The Boston Police Department will implement additional restrictions as necessary.Planned street closures in effect from about 9 p.m. - 1 a.m.'No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday' parking restrictions in effect as follows:
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today shared a set of tips and guidelines for residents ahead of Boston's upcoming frigid weather. High impact snow squalls are expected to impact Boston and the region between 4:00 p.m. - 7:00 p.m. today, with near white-out conditions and wind gusts of 40-60 miles per hour. Squalls may last up to 30 minutes, and may bring up to 1.5 inches of snow.Beginning late this evening into early Thursday, temperatures are expected to drop to dangerously low levels, and with wind chill, temperatures will feel like 10-25 degrees below zero. The National Weather Service has issued a wind chill advisory, and frigid temperatures will continue into Thursday, with a high of six degrees.""I urge residents to look out for another and remain vigilant as we experience frigid weather in Boston this week,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Stay safe, check on your neighbors and older residents, and follow safety guidelines this winter.""Mayor Walsh asks all residents to take precautions and exercise care during the low temperatures. He encourages residents to check on neighbors who are older residents or those with disabilities be mindful of homeless individuals who may need assistance and practice caution with space heaters.Homelessness services are also available on Boston.gov.Tonight, Mayor Walsh join City and State officials, civic, faith, non-profit and business leaders and volunteers as they canvass Boston for the City's annual homeless census, with a focus on ensuring homeless individuals gain immediate access to shelter.For emergency alerts, including cold-weather alerts, residents are encouraged tosign up for Alert Boston. For questions or additional information, call the City's resident services hotline, 311, or visitboston.gov/cold. Follow the City on Twitter for additional information and safety tips:@BOS311and@CityofBoston.Key safety tips include:Preventing Hypothermia and FrostbiteDress for the weather:Watch for signs of frostbite:Watch for signs of hypothermia:Heating SafetyVulnerable PopulationsHeat Guidelines for Property Owners and TenantsTips to keep water flowing and pipes unfrozen during extreme coldIncreasing Home Energy EfficiencyEmergency Home RepairEmergency Operations"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined theBoston Tax Help Coalitionand other community partners at the Roxbury Center for Financial Empowerment to highlight free tax preparation services available to low- and moderate-income Boston residents. The Coalition provides free tax preparation services at more than 30 partner locations throughout the City to help residents who earn $55,000 or less per year maximize the Earned Income Tax Credit and claim the full refunds they are due.""The free, IRS-certified tax services offered by the Boston Tax Help Coalition are an opportunity for hard-working Boston residents to save money,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank our dedicated volunteers who make these efforts possible, and encourage the thousands of residents who are eligible for these services to take advantage of them."" The Coalition serves approximately 13,000 taxpayers per year and last year enlisted hundreds of volunteers to return $24 million in refunds and credits directly to taxpayers.""As a business owner, I have saved a lot of money on having my taxes prepared at the Roxbury Center for Financial Empowerment,"" said Cynthia Jones, founder and CEO of The Women's Group of New England. ""I am now moving forward and growing my business. I am so thankful for the staff at the Center. They were there when I needed them.""In addition to tax preparation, the Coalition provides clients with other services to improve their financial health. For example, the Coalition connects taxpayers toBank On Boston, an initiative launched by Mayor Walsh that helps residents identify banking services that are safe, affordable, and non-predatory. Trained financial guides also offer taxpayers the Financial Check-Up, a key component ofBoston Builds Credit, the City's free credit building program. A Financial Check-Up is a one-on-one session in which a taxpayer can review his or her credit score and obtain personalized credit-building strategies. The Boston Tax Coalition offers Financial Check-Ups at 15 tax sites, up from 12 last year.New this year, the Coalition will also be using the Financial Check-Up as an outreach tool to identify taxpayers who aspire to homeownership. These taxpayers will be eligible for Homebuyer Readiness workshops and individualized financial coaching and credit building assistance to help them work toward that goal. These services will be available at the Roxbury Center for Financial Empowerment, with additional workshops offered through community partners across the city.These homeownership services are made possible by a $175,000 grant from the Wells Fargo Foundation as part of the organization's NeighborhoodLIFT program, a $6.75 million commitment to boost sustainable homeownership and revitalize neighborhoods.""Wells Fargo is passionate about helping individuals, families and communities achieve their goals,"" said Jennifer Crampton of Wells Fargo's Community Lending and Investment division. ""These local initiative grants will help most Boston area residents who want to become homeowners - a goal that aligns perfectly with the NeighborhoodLIFT program. We are excited to work together to make lasting changes for the better.""""The beginning of the tax season is our favorite time of year,"" said Alan Gentle, manager of the Roxbury Center for Financial Empowerment. ""We see many residents who have been getting their taxes done with us for years. Plus, we're able to connect taxpayers with other services offered by our bilingual staff - from financial coaching to small business assistance to, now, homebuyer assistance.""The Boston Tax Help Coalition is part of the Mayor's Office of Financial Empowerment.Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh formed the Office of Financial Empowerment (OFE) in 2014 to connect City residents with access to credit building programs, financial education, individualized financial coaching, and income support. Residents who seek to improve their financial situation can use these tools to achieve economic well-being and pursue financial prosperity. OFE is an affiliate of the Mayor's Office of Workforce Development and the Boston Planning & Development Agency."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today the City of Boston has received nearly $26.3 million in federal funding in support of Boston's homelessness programs. Boston was awarded the funding as the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) announced theresultsof its annual 2018 McKinney Homeless Continuum of Care funding competition.""Our city's success depends on providing opportunities for all of our residents, making sure everyone has a safe, stable home and the support they need to succeed,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These funds will help us do the work of getting homeless Bostonians access to critical services and housing. I want to thank HUD and the entire Massachusetts delegation for their continued support.""""We commend Mayor Walsh and his team, along with our local homeless service providers for their dedicated efforts towards helping our homeless neighbors find stable housing,"" said David Tille, HUD New England Regional Administrator. ""HUD is proud to provide this funding to the City of Boston team to assist in furthering their plan to end chronic and veteran homelessness.""The Walsh Administration, which has made ending homelessness a priority, will apply this HUD funding to programs that supportBoston's Way Home, the City's plan to end chronic and veteran homelessness. Through the efforts of Boston's Way Home, Boston has ended chronic veteran homelessness, and has housed 1,600 formerly homeless people.The programs funded cover a range of services and supports, including housing search, the creation of housing for chronically homeless people, rapid re-housing funds, and stabilization services to allow newly housed chronically homeless individuals to receive the supports they need to succeed. Organizations funded include Bay Cove, Bridge Over Troubled Waters, Casa Myrna, FamilyAid, Heading Home, HomeStart, Kit Clark Senior Services, Project Hope, Massachusetts Housing and Shelter Alliance, Metro Housing Boston, New England Center and Home for Veterans, Pine Street Inn, St. Francis House, and Victory Programs.During Mayor Walsh's inauguration in 2018, he announced the launch ofBoston's Way Home Fund,which has a goal of raising over $10 million over the course of four years to create 200 new units of supportive, sustainable, long-term housing for chronically homeless men and women. After one year, $5 million has already been pledged in support of this effort.On Wednesday, Mayor Walsh will lead Boston's 39th annual Homeless Census. Mayor Walsh and City and State officials, civic, faith, non-profit and business leaders and volunteers as they canvass Boston for the City's annual homeless census. The census will record information about all homeless individuals in Boston, including those who are living on the street, in emergency shelters, domestic violence programs, transitional housing, and in specialized programs serving homeless youth and veterans.The Continuum of Care is a federal program designed to end homelessness by supporting community-wide systems of care, providing funding not only to state and local partners, but also to nonprofit providers who are part of the Continuum. This approach creates a more strategic use of resources, while improving coordination and integration between programs. It has also been found to improve data collection and performance measurement and has the benefit of allowing communities to tailor programs to the particular resources, organizations, and challenges of that community.The application for the 2018 Continuum of Care competition was submitted by the Supportive Housing Division of the City of Boston's Department of Neighborhood Development, in partnership with all of the organizations that make up Boston's Continuum of Care, including the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC), Pine Street Inn, HomeStart, and many other housing providers across the City. The application consisted of hundreds of data points and narratives about Boston's system and programs, along with 45 individual project applications to support thousands of the most vulnerable Bostonians on a path to permanent, sustainable supportive housing. So far, HUD has only announced Continuum of Care funding for renewal projects, and expects to announce a second round of funding for new programs at a later date. The City has applied for an additional $3 million in funding for new programs.For more information on Boston's plan to end homelessness in Boston,please visit here."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Housing Authority (BHA) Administrator Bill McGonagle today kicked off a $23 million redevelopment of 367 affordable housing units at the Lenox/Camden Housing Development. In Phase One, BHA's developer Beacon Communities, will improve and preserve 72 units of affordable public housing on Camden Street in Roxbury. Phase Two will include the renovation of the adjacent Lenox site, which is slated to begin next year.""This renovation marks an important new chapter for this historic development, and I am proud to begin our work together today to make his neighborhood stronger than ever,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This redevelopment will not only modernize these buildings to make them more energy efficient, safe and accessible, but will help us continue to set a national standard for quality public housing.""The Camden development will undergo substantial renovations to all 72 of its apartment units, including new kitchens, bathrooms, paint, flooring, and windows. The project will modernize the building, bring energy-efficiency improvements, improve accessibility throughout the site, and create four fully handicap accessible units, as well as landscaping improvements. The Camden project is expected to create more than 60 full-time jobs by the time of the project's completion in June 2020.""One of our top priorities at the BHA is to improve the quality of life of our residents and ensure that they can count on their affordable housing as long as they need it,"" said BHA Administrator Bill McGonagle. ""This project will give our residents an upgraded site that is accessible, environmentally friendly, and vibrant, and it will protect the site's affordability for decades to come.""""Beacon is proud of our long partnership with the Boston Housing Authority and grateful to the many city and state and federal agencies and other partners who made this transaction possible,"" said Beacon Communities CEO Dara Kovel. ""The rehabilitation will allow for Camden Apartments to serve as a quality affordable housing resource for many years to come.""Camden was one of the first city projects authorized under the Commonwealth Veterans Assistance program, allocated to support returning veterans after World War II, and the only housing development of its kind built in Lower Roxbury. Camden's history helped the site secure federal and state historic tax credits through the Massachusetts Historical Commission and the National Park Service.The planned renovations represent an investment of more than $23 million that will preserve Camden's long-term affordability through new operating subsidies and the Low Income Housing Tax Credit (LIHTC) program. The state public housing subsidy will be replaced by 48 federal Project-Based Vouchers for low-income residents, and 24 subsidized vouchers that will be funded through the Massachusetts Rental Voucher Program. Funding partners for the project include MassHousing, the Department of Housing and Community Development, BlueHub and Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston. RBC Capital Markets is providing equity associated with the project's tax credits.""We are proud to support the revitalization of the Lenox/Camden Housing Development with more than $15 million in direct funding and federal tax credit equity to preserve this important resource for Boston residents,""said Housing and Community Development Undersecretary Janelle Chan. ""Our partnership with the Boston Housing Authority and Beacon Communities will improve the quality of life for residents and ensure the building will remain affordable for future generations of families.""The Camden/Lenox renovation strongly aligns with the City's housing goals outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030. Mayor Walsh recently increased the City's overall housing targets from 53,000 to 69,000 new units by 2030 to meet Boston's population growth. These updated housing goals build on Mayor Walsh's commitment to increasing access to home ownership, preventing displacement and promoting fair and equitable housing access.The Boston Housing Authority (BHA) is a public agency that provides subsidized housing to low and moderate income individuals and families. In addition to conventional public housing communities throughout Boston, BHA offers rental assistance programs. BHA receives federal and state funding in order to provide housing programs to individuals and families. BHA's mission is to provide stable, quality affordable housing for low and moderate income persons to deliver these services with integrity and mutual accountability and to create living environments which serve as catalysts for the transformation from dependency to economic self-sufficiency."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 120 School Street in Jamaica Plain,MA 02130.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on February 7, 2019.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston's next steps in updatingBoston's Climate Action Planto further strengthen the City's ongoing initiatives to mitigate and adapt to climate change. The update includes a project beginning early next month to develop implementation roadmaps to significantly reduce Boston's carbon emissions. The roadmaps will identify critical action pathways for Boston's public and private building and transportation sectors, strengthening the strategies needed to achieve the City's long-term goal of achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, a priority underscored through the newly releasedCarbon Free Bostonreport by the Boston Green Ribbon Commission.The update to the City's Climate Action Plan is set to be completed this year. The completion will signify Boston's full compliance with the Paris Agreement.""As we enter a new era of our City's history, we're planning for storms, climate change, and the environmental threats the next generation will face,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We and our partners must be resilient and carbon neutral, from creating a Resilient Boston Harbor vision plan to moving forward with Community Choice Energy. I'm grateful for the partnership of the Boston Green Ribbon Commission and the experts at Boston University's Institute for Sustainable Energy. Their work will help us continue to lead, addressing the challenge of climate change.""""Moving to carbon neutrality is an opportunity to advance Boston's status as a national climate leader and global hub of innovation while creating a cleaner, healthier, more equitable Boston for all,"" said John Cleveland, Executive Director of the Boston Green Ribbon Commission. ""This analysis demonstrates that we can reach our goal by 2050, but only through a coordinated and concerted effort among the public and private sectors - and we have to start now.""According to the Carbon Free Boston report, Boston will achieve its climate goals if it pursues three strategies simultaneously: reduce demand for energy by increasing efficiency, convert most fossil fuel use to run on electricity, and buy 100 percent clean energy. The City will convene key partners and stakeholders to identify how Boston can continue to equitably act on these strategies over the next several years. The group will specifically look at accelerating the following actions:Boston is one of the world's leading cities committed to urgently pursuing high-ambition climate action, according to the C40 Climate Leadership Group.""Boston is setting the global standard for bold climate action. The science of climate change is clear, and there is no time to waste in delivering on the necessary ambition of the Paris Climate Agreement,"" said David Miller, North America Director, C40 Cities. ""Cities across America and around the world will be inspired by the leadership of Mayor Walsh, the Green Ribbon Commission and the people of Boston.""As a leading city on climate action, Boston was recentlynamed a winner of the Bloomberg American Cities Climate Challenge. The challenge will assist the City in strengthening and accelerating its progress toward reducing carbon pollution in Boston's building and transportation sectors. The City will receive a support package, valued at up to $2.5 million, and will apply that support to help advance the strategies in Boston's updated Climate Action Plan.The two new climate-ready planning projects will deliver on strategies laid out in Mayor Walsh'sResilient Boston Harbor plan, which he announced at his annual Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce speech last year. It calls for investing in Boston's waterfront to protect against the impacts of rising sea level and climate change, and lays out strategies along Boston's 47-mile shoreline that will increase access and open space while better protecting the city during a major flooding event.Last year, the Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) adopted a Smart Utilities Policy that will ensure that new large developments are taking steps to create a more resilient city. The new policy, launched as a two-year pilot program, incorporates five Smart Utility Technologies into Article 80 Development Review, and BPDA Development Review Guidelines. The pilot calls for the adoption of technologies aimed at preparing Boston's utility infrastructure for the impacts of climate change, including increased flood risks, heat waves and stronger storms, reducing costs for end users, and reducing traffic congestion and roadway construction.The BPDA also has an E+ (Energy Positive) Green Building Program, which uses City-owned land to build high performance affordable housing.In addition, the City currently requires that all new municipal buildings are built to a LEED Silver Standard, and that all new large buildings are built to a LEED-certifiable standard.The City is coordinating training for municipal building operators, through the Building Operator Certification program, to ensure buildings are running as efficiently as possible.The Carbon Free Boston report underscores the importance of the 58 projects laid out inGo Boston 2030, the City's plan to create a safer, more equitable, and low-carbon transportation future. The recently completed bus-only lane in Roslindale is the first of many more to come. The City has adjusted parking fines and is piloting performance pricing at parking meters to improve curbside parking. Boston's Transportation Department is installing safe bike lanes in strategic corridors to enable low-stress bike rides. The City has also issued Public Realm Guidelines to reclaim surplus roadway space as people-friendly gathering spaces. The Neighborhood Slow Streets Program is designing more inviting streets for walking and biking for all, furthering our progress towards Boston's Vision Zero goals. The Boston Transportation Department is hiring 20 new staff to implement active and public transportation projects in Go Boston 2030, to develop a roadmap for mass-scale electric vehicle adoption in Boston and to reduce demand for car travel through commuter incentives and innovative new mobility.This work moves forward on the climate goals outlined inImagine Boston 2030and builds on Mayor Walsh's recently announcedlegislative agenda. The legislative agenda, announced earlier this month, proposed two environmental bills that seek to create a statewide vehicle to work on climate resiliency projects and explore market incentives to reduce pollution caused by natural gas leaks. Soon, the City will receive recommendations from its advisory committee on how to move toward zero waste and will begin two new district-level planning projects in Downtown and Dorchester to create solutions to protect from coastal flooding due to sea level rise.You can find more information about the City's 2019 Climate Action Plan Update online."
People coming into the City for the event are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Lansdowne Street, between Brookline Avenue and Ipswich Street, will be closed to traffic from approximately 3 AM to 7 PM.In addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the Digital Equity Fund is accepting applications from local organizations for grants up to $35,000. In total, the Digital Equity Fund will disperse up to $100,000 to increase equity across all communities and neighborhoods. By providing seed funding to a new round of applicants, the City hopes to identify promising strategies that will help Bostonians access the tools and skills they need to succeed in the 21st century.Organizations can apply for funding until March 1, 2019:Apply for the fund""Providing resources to local organizations will help residents across Boston access high-speed internet and gain new digital skills,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are proud that since the creation of the fund, we have tripled its size to serve even more Boston residents. We look forward to supporting more organizations as they address digital equity gaps.""Created in October 2017, theDigital Equity Fundprovides support to community-based organizations that help Boston residents fully connect and participate in today's media and information landscape. The Castle Square Tenants Organization (CSTO) was awarded a $35,000 grant in 2017 tocreate a technology audiovisual college course and internship program in partnership with the Benjamin Franklin Institute of Technology.""I wanted the students to have a college atmosphere,"" said Irene Chan, Square Tech Training and Senior IT administrative services manager. ""The students are able to take what they learn at Square Tech, get college credit, and have confidence that they have this training in their background, before they even apply to college.""The goal of the Digital Equity Fund is to explore ways to build individual and community capacity to:The Digital Equity Fund is overseen by the Department of Innovation andTechnology (DoIT) and an external Fund Council consisting of four members. Fund Council members are appointed by Mayor Walsh and serve three-year terms. To qualify for a grant, nonprofit organizations must be Boston-based and serve Boston residents.TheDigital Equity Fund Councilis responsible for reviewing applications and selecting recipients.Mayor Walsh has been committed to bringing more equity and choice to residents throughout Boston, from launching Boston's first-everDigital Equity Fund to bringing Wi-Fi hotspots to the Boston Public Library's lending program to Boston'sWicked Free Wi-Fiprogram to working to protect Net Neutrality rules that ensure a fair and open internet.In addition, in November 2018, Mayor Walsh and Verizon announced a new partnership that will accelerate Boston's plan to be one of the most technologically advanced cities in the nation, giving residents more choice. Building on the partnership formed in 2016, Verizon will expand its local wireless network speed and capacity to its local 4G LTE network, expand Fios internet and cable television to all neighborhoods in Boston, and collaborate with Boston on Smart Communities solutions.The City of Boston's Broadband and Digital Equity efforts improve access to affordable and reliable high speed Internet for households and businesses, expand the availability of high speed Internet in public places, and facilitate ease of access to up-to-date digital tools.The Department of Innovation and Technology makes sure the networks, computers and systems that support the City are secure and effective. They also manage the City's websites and technologies focused on service delivery."
Weve mentioned before that were not just a digital team. The work of our design and content staff often extends into the printed world, and thats true of our recent work on City forms and applications.As much as were pushing to move everything online, we know we need to provide options for folks who dont have easy access to the Internet. However, that doesnt mean we cant create the same intuitive experience weve been working towardthrough our digital tools. With the help of our brand and user testing, weve been making some big changes to City forms.We are well aware of the reputation government forms have for their lack of clarity. Who hasnt looked at an application and grumbled over the confusing wording, or sighed at a cluttered design and thought, Who made this?A poorly designed form is an unusable one. When constituents understandably become frustrated and confused, City staff end up answering more emails and phone calls. This costs us time, money, and  just as important  it takes staff away from focusing on other work that needs doing, and people who need extra help even under ordinary circumstances.Working with City departments, weve attempted to create forms that are more simple and direct, prioritizing information in a way that makes sense for both residents and staff. When our creative team started its work on forms, they focused on three key ideas: legibility, readability, and hierarchy.Many traditional form layouts try to cram way too much information into not a lot of space. Technically speaking, youre wasting less paper by doing this. But, a designer is forced to use smaller fonts and less white space, making the form more illegible and harder to understand.Forms like this are not just annoying to read  they can lead to more mistakes. Smaller font sizes also make us look like were trying to hide something. By boosting the font size and adding white space to let the text breath, were giving our readers a break and allowing them to just focus on the information.
The application for abrasive blasting / chemical cleaning permit, before (left) and after (right).
We want our forms to look beautiful (yes, its possible!), and for folks to find them aesthetically pleasing. However, a well-designed form isnt useful if we havent set up a clear hierarchy of information. Instead of providing a big information dump, we need to make sure users see the most important information first, and then go from there.By following our brand and being deliberate with our use of big, bold headers, we can draw a persons eye to the sections that are most important. Our goal is to find that sweet spot where aesthetics and utility overlap to create a delightful user experience.The first  and probably most important  thing to consider when building a form is the actual text. The goal with our digital tools is to aim for a seventh- to eighth-grade reading level with our writing. Why? The average American reads at a seventh- or eighth-grade reading level, and we want to be as accessible to as wide of an audience as possible. Why should things be any different with our printed forms?Our general rule of thumb is to know your audience, and to be as simple and direct as possible. We use the active voice as much as we can, and were not afraid of saying you and we. You shouldnt need a doctorate degree to understand how to fill out an application for a permit.Our form changes were based around best practices and our assumptions, but thats never enough. Input and comments from the public are a vital part of the design process. We knew we had to test our new layout out with residents of the City.So, we took copies of a couple of our old and new forms to the Registry Department in City Hall where theres usually a line of folks waiting to pick up birth, marriage, and death certificates, and we asked them for their thoughts. When compared to our old forms, our testers found the new layout much easier to use. By removing a lot of clutter and focusing on the details, we created straightforward applications that were easy to fill out. As one tester put it, This form does in two sentences what the other one had taken a whole page to do.
The application for an alternate residency statement, before (left) and after (right).
At the moment, weve only been able to work on a handful of forms, but were spreading the gospel about our designs. By leveraging our brand, we plan to continue to create printed material that is easy to use and understand.Want to help? If you have a moment, please compare the old and new forms on this page and give us your thoughts at feedback@boston.gov. Were constantly iterating and improving the way we do things, and getting your input will help us achieve that goal.
The Fenway students were in the process of completing a project on school food for their class and came to give their opinions. Through their project, they learned about the USDA requirements for school meals, such as the calorie, sugar, and salt limits, and they were surprised to discover how stringent these standards are. They also discovered their own calorie and nutrient needs based on age, weight, level of physical activity, and gender from other online nutrition programs. They also found, however, that the meals did not always match their personal requirements. The students mentioned feeling hungry after eating their meals, and upset that they were not able to get more food for meals that they enjoyed.There was also another high school student from the Henderson Inclusion School. He mentioned the food being undercooked and not appetizing. The two groups from completely different high schools tended to agree on most aspects of the food, including that it was often undercookedor overcooked in their cafeteria kitchens, that the meals were much too small for high school students, and that they would be willing to try cuisines from different cultures in order to learn about them, as long as there were some options for students who did not want to eat the food or who had some dietary restrictions. They claimed that there was a limited variety of the food in a given week, and the science teacher noted that he wished that there were more parent choice in menu offerings for young students, such as his children.It was interesting to see the overlap between the two schools. They are both cafeteria schools, and both groups agreed that the food improved drastically after transitioning from a satellite school to a cafeteria school. However, the meals could still be more culturally relevant and prepared better. They did say that the cafeteria staff were great and that it was not so much the environment of the cafeteria at their schools, it was mostly their concerns with the food preparation.It would be very interesting to hear from more students from schools with the new My Way Cafe model from the Shah Family Foundation that is new in East Boston, Roxbury, and soon to be in Dorchester. We heard from one student at the Umana during a coalition meeting who said that there was a definite language barrier between the students and the staff, but it would be interesting to hear more about food perceptions as well.We are excited to soon be doing more meetings within existing school groups, such as parent councils, as well as surveying busy family members and students about school food and the cafeteria. We hope that we will get yet more feedback on food options, and connect with far more community members this way. We will be doing these meetings at the Maurice J. Tobin School in Mission Hill, the Mario Umana Academy in East Boston, Thomas J. Kenny School in Ashmont, and other schools who want to participate.This post was written by Sarah Curless, FoodCorpsAmeriCorps Service Member at the Thomas J. Kenny School.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture today announced the City of Boston has awarded 69 grants totaling $66,683 in the last two rounds of the 2018 Opportunity Fund. Last year, the Opportunity Fund helped support 198 artists with over $190,000 in funding.Through the Opportunity Fund, weve been able to invest in hundreds of local artists while supporting opportunities for Bostonians to engage in creative opportunities within their communities, said Mayor Walsh. I look forward to expanding these efforts in 2019, and ensuring that every resident has equal access to the arts.The Opportunity Fund was launched in August 2016 with the goal of supporting individual artists in activities that help them share their work with the public, teach others, continue their professional development and hone their skills. Through the Opportunity Fund, artists and educators are provided grants of up to $1,000 for meaningful, one-time opportunities.The Opportunity Fund reopened for a second year in October 2017 with double the amount of funding and a modified structure including grants that are separated into five different categories, a rolling deadline for applications and new guidelines to help focus investment on artists of limited means and in communities with less access to cultural events or art making. A total of 321 artists have been supported by the program thus far.For the last round of funding, Harvard University contributed an additional $10,000 for artists living in Allston-Brighton and community arts experiences or local arts events located in Allston-Brighton. Below is a sampling of the grantees selected for the final two rounds of the 2018 Opportunity Fund:Because of the Opportunity Fund, we can put even more focus into the mission of our work: championing works by women musicians of color and compensating them fairly for their contribution to the diaspora and the community, said Adrienne Baker, a member of NorthStar Duo, which was recently awarded an Opportunity Fund grant.Its amazing to see how far the City of Boston has come since June 2016, when we first committed to investing in individual artists and advancing equity by bringing artistic opportunities to historically underserved communities through Boston Creates, said Kara Elliott-Ortega, Chief of Arts and Culture. We look forward to continuing this work for all of the Citys artists.Details on a third round of the Opportunity Fund have not yet been announced. More information about the Opportunity Fund can be found online.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced he will join more than 250 of the nation's mayors in Washington, D.C. for the U.S. Conference of Mayors (USCM) 87thWinter Meeting. The meeting, which will be held at the Capital Hilton, will run through Friday, January 25, 2019. As part of the conference, Mayor Walsh will participate in panels and sessions on topics such housing, education, elder affairs, substance use disorder and equity.Mayor Walsh currently serves in a leadership role as a Trustee for the U.S. Conference of Mayors. The Trustees guide the organization's work for the coming year, from connecting mayors to share ideas and tackle common challenges, setting a robust policy agenda at the national level, and elevating mayors' voices on issues that face cities every day. In addition, Mayor Walsh currently serves as co-chair of the USCM Task Force on Substance Use, Prevention and Recovery Services along with Dayton Mayor Nan Whaley, Vice Chair of the Cities of Opportunity Task Force and member of the Tourism, Arts, Parks, Entertainment and Sports Committee.""Every year I look forward to the annual convening of the U.S. Conference of Mayors as an opportunity to showcase the bold and innovative ways that Boston is leading on the issues facing cities across our nation, and as a chance to learn more about how we can take our work even further,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""What happens in Washington, we feel on the streets of Boston, so it is important that we work together with other cities on our shared priorities to offer a way forward for the nation during times of uncertainty and division.""With more than 85 percent of Americans living in U.S. metropolitan cities, mayors are on the front lines of today's challenges and have consistently called on Washington to draw on mayoral expertise. During the meeting, mayors from both sides of the aisle, from rural, urban and suburban municipalities, will hold sessions on a range of issues, including infrastructure, immigration, climate, opportunity zones, automation and the economic future of cities.""The Winter Meeting of the U.S. Conference of Mayors is a critical and important way for cities across the country to stay connected with one another. It's a unique opportunity for mayors-whether Democrat, Republican or Independent-to roll up their sleeves, brainstorm about how to solve similar problems, and share best practices. As the gridlock and partisanship in Washington continues to escalate, mayors remain on the front lines working productively every day for the well-being of the people who live and work in their cities. There's no better time for the nation's mayors to come together to work on their shared priorities and build a brighter-more inclusive-future for all Americans,"" said USCM President and Columbia (SC) Mayor Steve Benjamin.A draft agenda and list of pre-registered mayors are availablehere. Stay connected with all the news about USCM's Winter Meeting by following @usmayors along with the hashtag #MayorsDC19. For more information about the U.S. Conference of Mayors, seehere."
The Boston Transportation Department is hosting A Riding through Winter Forum on Wednesday, January 23, 6 PM at the Hunnewell Visitor Building, 125 Arborway in Jamaica Plain. The forum is designed to share tips and strategies for bicycling around Boston during the winter months. The Jamaica Plain gathering is the fourth in a series of forums meant to bring together a community of residents interested in continuing to cycle in cold weather conditions. Together, they can ask questions and share whats worked for them.At last count, over 40,000 bike trips per day were taken at key locations in Boston, said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. The BTD team works to plan and design bike infrastructure that will attract even more riders aligned with our Go Boston 2030 goals. The forums help to encourage residents to take advantage of our growing bike network all year long.Riding in Winter Forums are free of charge and open to the public. As in past forums, the Jamaica Plain forumwill include a guided discussion of common concerns. BTD staff will share tips and source ideas from attendees on how to dress for very cold days, the best strategies for biking during darkness and winter-specific bike maintenance, among other topics. Tips include:We want to help socialize the fact that most people can continue to bike in Boston throughout the winter, said City of Boston Active Transportation Director Stefanie Seskin. The forums are a great way to connect with other bicyclists and feel supported, whether youre trying winter riding for the first time or youve been at it for years.The City of Boston Public Works Department works to provide safe access for bicyclists during the winter months.During any major snowstorm, the City of Boston appreciates the patience of our residents during snow removal efforts and we encourage residents to utilize 311 for non-emergency related inquiries.Bluebikes, the regional bike share system owned jointly by the municipalities of Boston, Brookline, Cambridge and Somerville, remains open during the winter months, although with fewer docking stations. Since 2011, 8.1 million trips have been taken on Bluebikes. Information on the system is available at: www.bluebikes.com .More information about riding a bike in Boston can be found at boston.gov/departments/boston-bikes#boston-by-bikeMore information about Go Boston 2030 can be found at https://www.boston.gov/news/go-boston-2030-vision-and-action-plan-released
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 36 Temple Street in Mattapan, MA 02126.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on January 28, 2019.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced preparations for tomorrow's winter storm. While forecasts are still being finalized, the storm has the potential to bring up to 12 inches of snow to Boston, starting at 8:00 p.m. on Saturday. Snow will be heaviest from midnight to 6:00 a.m. on Sunday, with the potential for low temperatures, sleet and freezing rain.All residents and businesses are encouraged to shovel and salt their sidewalks immediately Sunday morning, to ensure the precipitation does not freeze to sidewalks and driveways.A decision regarding parking bans will be shared on Saturday.The Public Works Department currently has 42,000 tons of salt on hand. During any storm, 750-800 pieces of equipment are readily available to assist with snow clearing efforts. Boston Public Works have also been pre-treating Boston streets with salt to prepare for the winter storm.""We are encouraging residents to use caution when traveling, assist older neighbors and those who are disabled, and keep up with the shoveling of their property throughout the storm this weekend,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The City of Boston and our Public Works are prepared for all storms that come Boston's way, and we ask that residents and businesses do their part, including shoveling their sidewalks and walkways, to ensure safety for all. Please remember to abide by the snow rules, stay off the roads and be safe.""Residents are encouraged to sign up for emergency notifications through AlertBoston and utilize Boston's 311 call center for non-emergency related issues. To find out more information about resources and services available to residents, please visitboston.gov/snow.Residents are encouraged to sign-up forAlertBostonto receive emergency alerts and to call 311, download theBOS:311 app, or tweet at@BOS311with questions or concerns. Follow@CityofBostonand visitboston.gov/snowfor the latest updates."
"This event celebrates Dr. King: the man, the minister, and the humanitarian. Outstanding performances of classical music, spirituals, and freedom songs by young Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras musicians complement readings of Dr. King's words by distinguished community leaders. The event culminates with a keynote address by Congresswoman Ayanna Pressley.""The City of Boston has the great privilege of partnering with Boston University, the Museum of African History and the Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras for the Day of Celebration in Honor of Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This day allows us the opportunity to come together as a community to recognize Dr. King's enormous impact and legacy, and recommit ourselves to living out his dream in our community.""""We are proud to host this event honoring Dr. King's service and sacrifice. His legacy is immense and timeless. We count it a privilege to be able to claim him as an alumnus and find continuing inspiration from his words and deeds,"" said President Robert A. Brown of Boston University. In previous years, leaders such as Beverly Morgan-Welch, Sonia Sanchez, Dr. Alvin Poussaint, Ernest Green of the Little Rock Nine, Judy Richardson of Eyes on the Prize, and civil rights activist and filmmaker Topper Carew served as keynote speakers. Governor Deval Patrick, Chief Justice Roderick Ireland, Boston Poet Laureates Sam Cornish and Danielle Legros Georges, former Orthopaedic Surgeon-in-Chief at Beth Israel Hospital Dr. Augustus White, and WGBH Radio host Eric Jackson are among those who have served as readers in previous years.In December of 2017, Mayor Walsh and King Boston announced that a memorial honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Coretta Scott King will be established on Boston Common. As a result of community input, the project vision was expanded from a single memorial site to three components: an outdoor memorial on the Boston Common, a dynamic program headquartered in Roxbury and in partnership with leading local stakeholders that oversees civic, educational, and economic equity programming, and an endowment in partnership with Twelfth Baptist Church to educate and train nonviolent activists. The MLK Boston Art Committee has selected five finalists. More information isavailable here.For further information on the MLK events please call 617-635-3911, visitboston.gov/tourismandboston.gov/visiting-boston, or follow the Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment on social media @VisitBostonCity."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh together with LIHC Investment Group, one the nation'slargestinvestors in affordable housing, the Boston Housing Authority, Mass Alliance of HUD Tenants (MAHT), and Greater Boston Legal Services (GBLS), today announced HUD approval of a creative plan to keep Concord Houses in the South End affordable for at least the next 40 years, with the support of the building's tenants.""As we build more affordable housing, it is critical that we do not lose sight of the need to preserve Boston's inventory of income-restricted housing,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""This agreement marks a positive resolution reached to keep these residents in their homes for decades to come. I thank all the residents for their advocacy, and all partners involved who helped ensure the long-term affordability and viability of the Concord Houses.""""This agreement is the culmination of a multi-year effort to establish a new HUD program that will protect current and future residents of Concord Houses while providing funds for repairs and upgrades throughout the property,"" said Charlie Gendron, Principal, LIHC Investment Group. ""We appreciate the support we received from the tenants Congress, especially the efforts of Sen. Susan Collins HUD the City of Boston BHA MAHT and GBLS in our drive to preserve this property for future generations.""Spanning two buildings located at 705-715 Tremont Street in the heart of the South End,Concord Houses has served as an important source of income-restricted housing in the South End for decades. In 2017, the HUD subsidy provisions governing the property expired, putting it at risk of losing its long-term affordability.Of the 181 households at Concord Houses, 171-or 95 percent of households-chose to sign a waiver to convert their Enhanced Vouchers (EVs) to a new project-based rental assistance (PBRA) contract to make the plan work. The new HUD contract ensures homes at Concord Houses will be reserved for individuals earning no more than 80 percent area median income (AMI) and is renewable for a total of 40 years.The agreement also guarantees that current and future tenants pay no more than 30 percent of their income toward rent, which will actually reduce the rent burden for 30 existing households at the property. The remaining ten households will receive rent protections in the form of EVs administered by BHA.""Preserving units of affordable housing like those at Concord House is a key element of Boston's housing strategy,"" said Roger Herzog, Executive Director of the Community Economic Development Assistance Corporation (CEDAC), which works closely with DND on preservation issues and provided technical assistance in this case. ""Congratulations to the City of Boston, the project residents, and LIHC Investment Group, and their partners, for thinking creatively to find a way to keep Concord House affordable for individuals and families in the South End.""""It's a dream to secure permanently affordable housing here -- not just for ourselves, but other people who will be here long after we're gone,"" said Pauline Durant, 85, a 20-year resident of Concord Houses and member of the Concord Houses Tenants Association. ""It's been a long journey. When tenants stay together and fight, we win!""""We're very elated by this victory,"" added Adella Quinn, 76, a retiree from Fidelity Investments and 24-year resident of Concord Houses. ""We're losing too many people in the South End who are assets to the neighborhood due to rising rents. We need to come up with more ways like this to keep our community affordable.""""This is an historic victory,"" commented Michael Kane, Director of MAHT, which helped the tenants organize. Since 1983, MAHT has saved more than 12,450 homes like Concord Houses as affordable housing, one building at a time, through tenant organizing. ""Saving affordable housing in the heart of the South End will help maintain the neighborhood's racial and economic diversity well into the future. The 171 tenants who signed up to preserve their apartments are to be commended for making this possible."" Kane also lauded LIHC and the City of Boston for supporting the tenants' preservation plan and working creatively with Congress and HUD to make it work.Attorneys for GBLS, Susan Hegel and Ann Jochnick, said they are pleased with the creative and collaborative process, which resulted in preserving much-needed affordable housing in the South End.""It's a win for current and future tenants, a win for the city and a win for the owner. We hope that this may serve as a model for future preservation efforts.""LIHC Investment Group is undertaking a $7 million repair and capital improvement campaign at the property, which includes a new entry system and security cameras flooring and ceiling replacement lighting upgrades in the building's common areas and exterior work ranging from masonry repair to new fencing and landscaping. Under LIHC's ownership, apartments in the building have already received new kitchen cabinets, granite countertops and appliances upgraded bathroom fixtures, tubs, and tiles and vinyl plank flooring.In 2018, Mayor Martin J. Walsh updated his comprehensive housing strategy,Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030toincrease the City's overall housing goal from 53,000 to 69,000 new units by 2030, including 15,820 new income-restricted units, to meet Boston's population growth. In addition, the updated plan also set a goal to preserve 85 percent of Boston's most at-risk privately-owned affordable units, like those at Concord House. Mayor Walsh's recently announced housing security legislative package focuses on expanding upon the work that Boston has done to address the region's affordable housing crisis by proposing new and strengthening current tools to create more ways to leverage Boston's prosperity and create sustainable wealth opportunities that make Boston a more inclusive and equitable city. The housing security bills proposed for the 2019 Legislature seek to help existing tenants like those at Concord House, particularly the elderly, remain in their homes, and creates additional funding for affordable housing.Based in Portland, Maine, LIHC Investment Group has been active in the Greater Boston housing market for over two decades. In July 2017, the company donated its ownership stake in the Close Building, a 61-unit affordable housing community in Cambridge, to the nonprofit Just-A-Start Corporation, which develops, own and maintains affordable housing provides housing resources and services and offers education and workforce training for youth and adults in Boston. In August 2017, LIHC and Weston Associates forged an agreement to keep 380 homes at Shore Plaza Apartments in East Boston affordable and have since completed a major capital repair campaign for the property."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 56 Hillock Street in Roslindale, MA 02131.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on January 27, 2019.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the acceptance of 2019 Love Your Block mini-grant applications. Applicants can apply online or email loveyourblock@boston.gov. The deadlineis March 1, 2019.The Love Your Block program is a fantastic way for residents and organizations to get involved in their community and continue to show why the neighborhoods of Boston are such special places to work and live, said Mayor Walsh. I encourage all residents interested to apply for these grants.Last year, 60 applications were received, with fiveultimately being chosen for the grants. Projects included revitalization of community gardens and beautification of vacant plots of land.Neighborhood mini-grant winners are awarded up to $3,000 to either implement or revitalize a public space used to address a larger issue identified by the community. Examples of projects include community gardens, art installations, and placemaking.Bostons Love Your Block grant helped the Mattapan Branch of Boston Public Library generate excitement surrounding healthy eating and gardening, said Celia Contelmo, Teen librarian at the Mattapan Branch of the Boston Public Library system.""Because of LYBs funding, library patrons of all ages were able to participate in growing fruits and vegetables in their own neighborhood.""The Love Your Block mini-grant award selection committee included representatives from the Love Your Block team, Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services Liaisons, Public Works Department, Parks andRecreation, Boston Transportation Department, City Hall To Go Program, Department of Neighborhood Development, and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture.Charlestown: Charlestown Sprouts Community Garden$800 to revitalize the community garden by updating infrastructure: repairing a broken compost bin, creating a garden message board, repairing the water control box covering and adding additional garden plots.Charlestown: The Charlestown Coalition$2,700 to create a peace park at Mt. Vernon Plaza -- with landscaping, water features and memory rocks -- to help bring awareness to those suffering from trauma, and substance use disorders.South Boston: Round Table$3,000 to turn a vacant lot into a community garden as an extension of a new community center that seeks to educate and engage residents of all ages in conversations around healthy eating and environmentalism.Dorchester: Mt. Bowdoin Betterment Association$1,000 to beautify the corner lot by planting perennials, revitalizing the garden plots and installing trellises decorated with artwork.Mattapan: Mattapan Branch of the Boston Public Library$500 to rebuild community garden beds, as well as raise the garden beds for easier accessibility for children and seniors.Originally a partnership between the City of Boston and Cities of Service, the Love Your Block program officially became a City department in 2018. The Love Your Block program aims to help transform physical landscapes with social programs that highlight the culture of community by way of mini-grants, increased volunteerism and service based projects."
People coming into the City of Boston for the event are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found on the Blue Bikes website. You can find public transit information on the MBTA's website. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Participants will gather on the Boston Common. At approximately 12:30 pm, they will exit the Boston Common and march along the following route:Traffic delays should be expected along the route. A rolling closure of these streets is planned to take place between 12:30 and approximately 2 p.m. as marchers proceed. Charles Street will be closed to traffic as the group exits and re-enters the Boston Common.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh tonight announced at his annual State of the City address that JazzUrbane Cafe, a full-service restaurant, entertainment venue, and community space, has been selected to operate the 7,800 square foot street-level space in Roxbury's Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building. The brainchild of professor, composer, and author William Banfield, JazzUrbane Cafe will anchor Dudley Square as a destination of art, entertainment, and community for Bostonians and beyond.""We're working to create opportunity in every neighborhood and every community in Boston, and the JazzUrbane Cafe will serve as a place for families and friends to gather for community conversations, civic meetings, entertainment and so much more,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm proud to have this new venue in the Bolling Building, and continue creating spaces and opportunities for all.""JazzUrbane Cafe will offer high-end and affordable dining options for patrons and families. As a unique entertainment option for residents and visitors, JazzUrbane Cafe will present live performances from internationally renowned musicians and performing artists, as well as notable local performers and performing arts groups, including musicians, theater companies, dance groups and more.""JazzUrbane Cafe is designed to bring neighbors together and celebrate through the shared love of food, art, and community in a warm and inviting venue,"" said Bill Banfield, JazzUrbane Cafe Boston. ""I'm grateful to Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston, and I am excited for the opportunity to create a truly unique experience in Roxbury, to bring back jazz to Dudley Square, and build an establishment that will become a destination for all residents and visitors.""In addition to the scheduled entertainment events, JazzUrbane Cafe has committed to be a welcoming and integral part of the Dudley Square and Greater Roxbury communities. During the week, the cafe will be open during the day for community groups and arts organizations to utilize the space for community celebrations, civic engagement events, or arts and culture workshops and rehearsals. JazzUrbane Cafe's space, along with the 10,000 square feet of ground-level retail and 32,000 square feet of open and public lobby space, will build on the Bolling Building's reputation as a space for culture and community.""Dudley Square represents a mix of commerce, history, and culture, and we believe Bill Banfield will bring that history to life with JazzUrbane Cafe,"" said John F. Barros, Chief of Economic Development. ""As a shared space for families, artists, and community members, JazzUrbane Cafe will enliven the neighborhood with a dynamic storefront, dining options, and and stage to showcase Boston's local talent in the heart of the city.""The Mayor's Office of Economic Development, in partnership with the Department of Property Management,originally sought proposalsfor the space. The City's Review Committee, which was comprised of four department representatives and three community members, evaluated the three proposals submitted based on retail business characteristics, management expertise and experience, financial capacity, community participation, rent commitment.""After much consideration and discussion, we believe that Bill Banfield's vision and JazzUrbane Cafe's unique dining and entertainment offerings will renew excitement and nightlife in Dudley Square"" said Carlos Castillo, Castillo Wine and Spirits and RFP Review Committee Community Member. ""As a small business owner nearby, I look forward to increased visitors and the potential for existing businesses to be exposed to a larger audience and new business opportunities.""The Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building, located in the heart of Dudley Square, is the historic, mixed-use headquarters of Boston Public Schools, uniting 500 administrative staff and attracting visitors for public meetings and hearings throughout the year. The Bolling Building is also home to theRoxbury Innovation Center, public meeting and engagement spaces, and approximately 10,000 square feet of leased tenant space at the street level, bringing needed private sector retail and evening restaurant offerings to Dudley Square. The ground-level space on the north front of the building is currently considered a core and shell space, allowing proposed tenants to customize the space to their unique plan for activation.Located in the geographic center of Boston, Dudley Square contains over 150 businesses, representing retail demand by neighborhood residents of more than $610 million annually. The square is anchored by the Commonwealth's most heavily trafficked MBTA bus station, serving 35,000 people a day. Recent revitalization efforts by the City, including the renovation of the Dudley Branch Library, the BCYF Vine Street Community Center, and the Boston Police Department's B-2 Station, have served as a catalyst for private development in the greater Roxbury area.In addition to the recently completed Tropical Foods, development projects underway or in review include the over 300,000 square foot mixed-use Guscott Rio Grande building at 2343-2345 Washington Street the mixed-use Tremont Crossing, which includes over 288,000 square feet of destination retail, 116,000 square feet of neighborhood retail, and the 31,000 square foot NCAAA Museum and Exhibition Space and, the Melnea Hotel and Residences, a 135 room hotel and residential apartment building with 8,000 square feet of retail space permitted. The City is encouraging additional investment in Dudley Square with proposals for four Department of Neighborhood Development parcels currently under review for mixed use projects including low-income, moderate-income, and market-rate housing. The future of Dudley Square is currently being envisioned throughPLAN: Dudley Square, a community plan exploring the development program of publicly owned parcels, which builds upon theRoxbury Strategic Master Plan.Imagine Boston 2030, the first city-wide planning process in 50 years, identified the Bolling Building as a model public-private partnership that should be replicated in other growth areas of the City.The Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Buildingopened on April 27, 2015, and incorporates the Ferdinand Furniture Building, the Curtis Block and the Waterman & Sons building, into a new state of the art facility. The six-story building houses an estimated 500 municipal employees from Boston Public Schools and features office space, as well as open space for student work, school events, and community gatherings. The building also includes 18,000 square feet of street-level space, and the 3,350 square foot Roxbury Innovation Center. The Building is a 2017 Silver medalist for the Rudy Bruner Award for Urban Excellence.The City of Boston's $115 million investment in the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building has spurred private investment across Dudley Square. The building is a collaboration between the City of Boston's Property and Construction Management Department, and the Boston Planning and Development Agency working closely with the community and historic preservationists. The Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building was designed by Mecanoo architecten and Sasaki Associates. Shawmut Design and Construction served as the CM at-Risk contractor, with project management services being handled by PMA Consultants.The Economic Development Cabinet's mission is to make Boston an appealing and accessible place for working families, entrepreneurs, businesses, and investors to innovate, grow, and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for all Bostonians and the experience for all visitors."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced he will submit public comment to the U.S. Department of Education, challenging theproposed changesto Title IX of the Education Amendments Act of 1972, the federal law that prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex in educational settings receiving federal funding. Mayor Walsh was joined by Lee Pelton, President of Emerson College, Marisa Kelly, President of Suffolk University, Pam Eddinger, President of Bunker Hill Community College, Debra Robbin, Executive Director of Jane Doe Inc., and Katie Mitrano, Student Body President, UMass Boston and Boston Regional Outreach Lead, Every Voice.The proposed rule changes would affect how educational institutions define sexual misconduct, when schools become obligated to address sexual misconduct, and the process for determining whether someone has committed sexual harassment. Specifically, the proposed changes would narrow the definition of sexual harassment in educational settings, establish a filing and hearing process that places burden on the survivor, restrict the evidentiary standard rule, and reduce ability for schools to properly address sexual harassment and assault.""Boston is home to 200,000 students, and these rule changes would have a devastating impact on students who deserve to be safe, supported, and treated with respect,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Nothing should stand in the way of students being able to receive a great education. I want to make sure Secretary DeVos and Donald Trump hear it loud and clear: We believe survivors. We believe women. And we believe they deserve more support, respect, and compassion -- not less.""Sexual harassment is currently defined by the Department of Education as ""any unwelcome conduct of a sexual nature"" and the proposed regulations would change the definition to conduct that is ""severe, pervasive, and objectively offensive."" Additionally, the proposed changes would shift the threshold that officials use to determine if an assault claim requires a response from school officials from the ""preponderance of evidence"" standard set under the Obama administration to a ""clear and convincing evidence"" standard. These changes narrow the definition of what is considered sexual harassment, and raise the standard of evidence for proving sexual assault occurred.""The proposed changes to Title IX roll back every best practice we recognize in handling sexual discrimination, harassment and assault,"" said District Attorney Rachael Rollins. ""We should be encouraging survivors to come forward, not limiting their reporting options. We should be supporting survivors, not narrowing their protections. Title IX is a critically important legal protection for people subjected to discrimination and harassment based on gender and sexual assault. The Suffolk County District Attorney's Office stands ready to accept reports from, and support, anyone who believes they have been subjected to any type of violence, including all forms of sexual assault.""National data indicate that27 percent of college womenhave experienced some form of unwanted sexual contact, nearlyhalf of grade 7-12 studentsexperienced sexual harassment in the past academic year, and nearlytwo thirds of college studentsreport experiencing sexual harassment.The Department of Education announced the proposed changes in November, though they have not yet gone into effect. Thepublic may commenton these changes until January 28, 2018. Over 53,000 comments have already been submitted. The Department of Education is required by law to review the comments and address them before publishing the final rules.The proposed standards would require schools' Title IX grievance processes to allow for a live hearing, which includes cross-examination. During cross-examination, the respondents ""advisor"" would be permitted to publicly question the survivor's experience, memory, and sexual behavior so long as the questions about sexual behavior are ""to prove that someone other than the respondent committed the conduct alleged.""Additionally, educational institutions would be required to address an incident of sexual assault or harassment only if it is reported directly to ""an official...who has authority to institute corrective measures."" In K-12 settings, a teacher is considered such an official, but this is not the case in collegiate settings. Additionally, the proposed regulations limit the purview of Title IX complaints to ""conduct that occurs within its education program or activity"" which does not include any off-campus areas used by students, including housing.Boston Public Schools remains committed to preventing and addressing sexual misconduct and their policies will not change. The administration will continue to respond immediately and thoroughly when students come forward and Boston Public Schools will continue to build a healthy culture where students feel safe.""Betsy DeVos's reform to Title IX is dangerous and does not adequately protect survivors of sexual assault or sexual harassment,"" said City Councilor At-Large, Annissa Essaibi-George. ""Our colleges and universities should serve as a beacon of safety for survivors. One of the most dangerous aspects of the reform would guarantee the accused the right to cross-examine the accuser. Schools would have limited responsibility to investigate incidents that take place off campus. In Boston, we know that a majority of our college students don't live in university housing. These new changes would, without a doubt, affect our Boston students.""""The Association of Independent Colleges and Universities in Massachusetts (AICUM) commends Mayor Walsh and his administration for its leadership on such an important issue,"" said Richard Doherty, President of AICUM. ""AICUM stands with Mayor Walsh in communicating to Secretary DeVos that our number one goal is ensuring the continued well-being of students, faculty, and staff on college campuses throughout Boston and all of Massachusetts. Our member institutions are dedicated to providing a learning and working environment which is free from discrimination and harassment, including on the basis of sex.""""Some of the proposed changes to Title IX are not only concerning for survivors and allies but would have the effect of converting college campuses into criminal courtrooms that prioritize cross examination and re-victimization,"" said Gretchen Manning, Acting Executive Officer and Deputy Executive Officer of the Massachusetts Community Colleges Executive Office. ""We applaud Mayor Walsh for his leadership and attention to this issue and look forward to partnering with him to protect victims.""""Title IX is an important tool for getting schools to respond to sexual violence and to put systems in place that make sexual harassment and assault less likely to happen,"" said Gina Scaramella, Executive Director of the Boston Area Rape Crisis Center. ""Changes to the regulations proposed by the Trump Administration attempt to undo vital progress that has been made over the past several decades. These changes will make it more difficult for survivors of sexual assault and harassment to come forward and get the support they deserve from their schools and universities. We join together with survivors, the Mayor's Office, and organizations and advocates throughout Greater Boston in opposing these changes and recommending alternatives grounded in best practice.""Mayor Walsh encourages anyone who would like to weigh in on this issue to submit their own public comment atregulations.govbefore the January 28 deadline. Comments should be concise, and express the author's views using specific and well-reasoned examples, including how the proposed rules might impact the author personally."
"Under the Walsh Administration, the Commission has actively engaged the community to learn how Bostonians are aging now and what their hopes are for aging in the future. Those conversations reflect a growing trend and national movement towards inclusive aging language and actions, designed by the FrameWorks Institute, the research partner for theReframing Age Project.""How we engage our older residents is a social justice issue,"" said Chief of Health and Human Services Marty Martinez. ""Words matter. Boston's older adults are bold, strong, and vibrant, and its new name accurately reflects who we serve on a daily basis.""The new name comes less than two years into the Commission's Age-Friendly action planning, which has resulted in successful launches of: the City's first pilotSenior Civic Academy an interactivepublic restrooms mapage- and dementia-friendly business designations anEmployment Guidefor people over 50 and a front-facing City staff training to educate employees on the needs of older people in Boston.""The word 'elderly' does not define the people we serve,"" said Age Strong Commissioner Emily Shea. ""The people we work with everyday are so many things: experienced, vibrant, passionate, and most of all, strong. That's how we want to feel as we age, and that is how we hope to be seen.""In addition its name rebranding, the Age Strong Commission has redefined itsmission and valuesin their updated website,www.boston.gov/age-strong.""This new name 'Age Strong' acknowledges the strength of Boston's human resources: the value, diversity and passion of its older people. Older Bostonians are an asset for this city. Their accumulated wisdom, skills and experience are examples of how we can all age strong,"" said Nora Moreno Cargie, president of Tufts Health Plan Foundation and vice president of corporate citizenship at Tufts Health Plan. ""The name is also a call to action reflecting the critical and important work of the commission.""""The City of Boston's Age Strong Commission, like the AARP Disrupt Aging initiative, is a call to shape the future of aging. We are all aging, every day. Aging is about growth, not decline. It creates new opportunities, not just challenges. Older people are contributors, not burdens. And each and every one of us should be valued for who we are, not by how old we are. I look forward to seeing the progress the Age Strong Commission will have on challenging outdated beliefs, so we can all choose how to live as we age,"" said Mike Festa, AARP Massachusetts State Director.For 74-year-old Barbara J. Defoe, President of the Mayor's Senior Advisory Council, the new commission name is personal.""I embrace the name Age Strong as it relates to the more mature citizens of our city,"" said Defoe. ""Age Strong suggests that we are the foundation of society, and have been the shoulders on which our nation is built. The name will be a constant reminder of the resiliency and power of all who have contributed to the greatness of the City of Boston.""About the Age Strong Commission"
"In his address, Mayor Walsh reaffirmed his commitment to ""make sure social progress and middle class opportunity grow together,"" and announced significant milestones reached in key initiatives to further these efforts, along with new ways to continue supporting this work.""Boston is stronger than ever because we are drawing on more of our people's strength than ever. Our city's success is our motivation to aim higher, work harder and make sure every single person in our city gets a full, fair shot at the opportunities we are creating,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Let's never lose sight of how far we've come how far-reaching our leadership has been and how deep our obligation is now, to stand together and keep leading.""During his second inaugural address in January 2018, Mayor Walsh announcedBoston's Way Home Fundto support the City's plan to end veteran and chronic homelessness. The fund had a goal of raising $10 million in private funds over the next four years in order to create 200 new units of supportive, sustainable, long-term housing for chronically homeless men and women. Only one year later, the fund has raised $5 million.Building on his Administration's efforts to ensure equity, opportunity and resilience for Bostonians, Mayor Walsh has shared his legislative agenda, with bills related to economic mobility and housing security, transportation and the environment, education funding, and health and public safety. The agenda aims to create affordable housing and keep tenants in their homes reduce violence and fight for social justice, expand the middle class and invest in education for all students. For more information on the Mayor's legislative agenda, please visit:boston.gov/legislativeagenda.In addition to his legislative agenda, Mayor Walsh announced new programs and initiatives to further support his Administration's work to bring opportunity to the entire city, and prioritize the health, safety and equity of residents.We are making sure that social progress and middle class opportunity grow together.In his State of the City address, Mayor Walsh announced a Mobile Economic Development Center designed to strategically engage with residents on economic development policy around job training, business development, and placemaking and community economic development. In addition, he shared that JazzUrbane Cafe, a full service restaurant, entertainment venue, and community space has been selected to operate 7,800 square feet of street-level space in Roxbury's Bruce. C. Bolling Municipal Building.We are committed to lifting people up, not locking people up.Over the last five years our police officers have taken over 4,100 guns off the street. Through partnerships with the community, we've put thousands of young people on pathways to opportunity. As a result, we've seen arrests come down by 25 percent, and our crime rate reduced by 25 percent.We are welcoming more voices and expanding our democracy.Mayor Walsh announced that his Administration will reactivate the Human Rights Commission to provide a forum for Bostonians to address discrimination and secure the promise of equality. In addition, Mayor Walsh has appointed a Census Liaison to make sure that every resident of Boston is counted, because every resident of Boston counts. The Mayor will sign an executive order to require all City employees be trained on how to recognize and correct disparities in city services.We are committed to leaving no one behind.In Boston we've created more affordable homes than any time on record. We'll create 1,000 new homeowners in the next five years by building more affordable homes and providing more financial help. We've housed over 1,600 chronically homeless people. A year ago we launched the Boston's Way Home Fund and set a goal of raising $10 million over 4 years for supportive housing. After just 1 year, we have already raised $5 million.We are a community for every generation.The City will revamp and rename the Elderly Commission office to be the Age Strong Commission, to reflect the City's efforts to make Boston inclusive, accessible and positive for people as they age. The Commission will serve our seniors' needs and draw on their tremendous strength.We are not just surviving, we are thriving.Under Mayor Walsh's leadership, the City of Boston is rebuilding roads and bridges, making our streets work for bikes and buses, opening parks and investing over $100 million in libraries all across our city. In Boston, smart fiscal management has unlocked historic investments -- while keeping homeowner taxes the lowest in the state. The City is investing $28 million in Boston Common and $28 million in Franklin Park. In addition, the Mayor more than doubled the building budget for schools -- with over $300 million already spent on brand new schools, major renovations, energy efficient roofs, boilers, windows, and modern furniture. Another $800 million is on the way.Please find Mayor Walsh's 2019 State of the City remarks as prepared for delivery online."
"You can watch the video and read text from the Mayor's address below:Thank you everyone. To my mother Mary [Walsh], my brother John [Walsh], and to Lorrie [Higgins]: Thank you for never letting me forget where I come from. Thank you for always being there for me. I love you.Governor [Charlie] Baker and Constitutional Officers Speaker [Robert] DeLeo, President [Karen] Spilka, and our delegation at the State House Ambassador [Ray] Flynn and Mrs. [Catherine] Flynn President [Andrea] Campbell and the Boston City Council: Thank you for being here.To the veterans and gold star families with us tonight or watching at home, thank you for your service and your sacrifice. To the employees of the City of Boston, thank you for your partnership and hard work. To a team who inspired our City last year, and brought home a championship, congratulations: Massachusetts State Basketball Champions, TechBoston Academy. And congratulations to the Red Sox for winning the World Series. To the people of Boston: thank you for the privilege of serving you these past five years. I love my job. Every day, I get to go out into the neighborhoods to talk, listen, and work with the people of Boston. And every day, Bostonians walk through the doors of City Hall and share their hopes and dreams with me. They remind me how grateful I am to live my dream and walk through those doors as the son of immigrants. I think of another door that opened. It was the morning after my election in 2013. I was in a hotel room and opened the door for the worker to deliver breakfast. Her name was Leti [Legesse] and she emigrated from Africa to follow her dream in Boston. She came around the cart and gave me a big hug. She was crying and she said, ""we did it. We won. We are going to be mayor.""It hit home, right at that moment, what this job means. It means opening doors for more Bostonians to walk through, people of every race, creed, and class, changing a city, changing a nation. That's what Leti's union did, when they won their strike last year and set new national standards for hotel workers. One year ago, I pledged my second term to strengthening and expanding Boston's middle class.Today, more people are working than at any time in our City's history unemployment is 2.4%, the lowest ever recorded we are ranked #2 in the nation for moving people up and into the middle class and we've been named the best city in the entire world to find a job.We have thrown open the doors of opportunity and Bostonians are surging through to live their dreams and lead us forward. And because we are drawing on more of our people's strength, the state of our City is stronger than ever. Our City's success is our motivation: to aim higher, work harder, and make sure every single person in our City gets a full, fair shot at these opportunities we are creating. That's how we truly succeed. That's how we are determined to lead. Today, our leadership is needed more than ever. It's a pivotal time in our country. Too many people, in too many communities, are being left behind. Yet, instead of being called to unify, we're driven further apart. Instead of solutions, we are offered scapegoats. And our democracy, that we fought for right here in Boston, that generations of veterans defended with their lives, that Civil Rights and women's rights marchers risked everything to be part of, is under attack. A government thats supposed to be of the people, by the people, for the people is shut down. The state of our City is strong, but Im concerned about the state of our union. What happens in Washington, we feel on the streets of Boston. But here's what matters more: what we do in Boston can change this country. We've done it before, and we'll do it again, because in this time of uncertainty and division, Boston offers a way forward. We are welcoming more voices and expanding our democracy. We are committed to leaving no one behind. And we are not just surviving, we are thriving. There's no federal housing policy, none. But Boston's moving forward. We've created more affordable homes than any time on record.There's no national infrastructure plan  nothing. But in Boston, we're rebuilding roads and bridges, making our streets work for bikes and buses, and opening parks and libraries all across our City. Smart fiscal management has unlocked historic investments while keeping homeowner taxes among the lowest in the state.The White House turned its back on climate change. But in Boston, we believe in science. Our Resilient Harbor Plan will protect us from floods and we have a strategy to be carbon-free by 2050.We've shown that differences don't have to divide us. When we come together, anything is possible. That's democracy in action. It's how we built this administration. We won office in a coalition that wasn't supposed to be possible. Working people  black, white, Latino, and Asian  came together. We created the most diverse administration in Boston's history, from the cabinet to the front lines. We listened to the voices of every community. We took on Boston's toughest, long-standing challenges, and we began changing our City.In a national crisis of police-community relations, we committed to lifting people up, not locking people up.Five years later, our police officers have taken over 4,100 guns off the street and we've put thousands more young people on pathways to opportunity. The result? Arrests are down 25 percent and our crime rate came down by 25 percent as well.I know for some, the pain remains real  even one life lost is too many. So our path forward must be to build even more trust with the community, even more opportunity for our young people, and even stronger partnerships in our neighborhoods. Less than a decade ago, neighborhood libraries were slated for closure. We listened to the residents who cherish them. Today, not only are they open, we invested over $100 million in renovations for libraries in Mission Hill, Brighton, Roslindale, Dorchester, Roxbury, Chinatown, and other communities. That's in addition to a $78 million renovation of our historic central library in Copley Square, where theres more to come.Five years ago, many artists did not feel seen or heard by City Hall. We changed that with an Arts and Culture cabinet an Artists-in-Residence program for City departments and Boston's first commitment to include art in every public building project. We made Boston an arts leader again.For many years, the condition of our parks was a cause for concern. Now we're investing $28 million in Boston Common and another $28 million in Franklin Park. We've added so much open space in our neighborhoods that, last year, we became the only city on the East Coast where every single resident lives within a 10-minute walk to a park.When we took office, the Boston Public Schools had not been on a regular construction plan in 40 years. Two-thirds of our schools were built before World War II. Many lack basic amenities like gyms and cafeterias that students in the suburbs enjoy. That's an injustice. So we listened to parents, teachers, and students tell us what they envision, and we more than doubled our building budget. Already, we've spent over $300 million on brand new schools, major renovations, and modern furniture. Another $800 million is on the way to give the children of Boston the great schools they deserve.We are opening doors to new schools, new libraries, new homes, and new jobs. And we're listening to new voices. It's not always easy or comfortable. But a more open conversation means better solutions for our City. It's the sign of a more vibrant democracy. And it's working. You hear it in the voices of students at the new Dearborn STEM Academy in Roxbury, and soon at Boston Arts Academy in the Fenway. You see it in the public art at the new Jamaica Plain library. You feel it in a redesigned Central Square in East Boston.Let's never lose sight of how far we've come, how far-reaching our leadership has been, and how deep our obligation is now to stand together and keep leading. We put social justice at the heart our vision because a more equal conversation means a more resilient city. So we'll keep leading the fight to defend immigrants we'll continue our groundbreaking work to achieve gender equality and we'll never stop protecting the rights, and embracing the identities, of our LGBTQ community.We stand strong against the growing evil of hate crimes in our country. This year, we'll re-activate the City's Human Rights Commission. It will provide a forum for Bostonians to address discrimination and secure the promise of equality.Today is Martin Luther King Jr.s 90th birthday. Soon, we will have a major memorial to Dr. King and Coretta Scott King on Boston Common. It will be a tribute to their time in our City, where they met, fell in love, and formed their vision.It's one part of a larger cultural shift that started with our dialogues on race. To make sure our City's workforce reflects our City's people, we created an Office of Diversity, we're diversifying our EMS team, we revived the Boston Police Cadet program, and now, we're proposing a first-ever Fire Cadet program. We're making City contracts and public land more accessible for people of color and women. And in the coming weeks, I will sign an executive order to require all City employees be trained on how to recognize and correct disparities in City services.This work is gaining national attention. I'm proud that we have been named a finalist for the 2020 NAACP convention. I ask all of you to join me in letting the NAACP know how welcome they will be in Boston. We are changing Boston's culture for the better. Our City Council is the most diverse it's ever been, in background and in experience. Council members are attorneys, teachers, housing advocates, small business owners, and veterans. Our partnership is getting results, from adopting the Community Preservation Act, to regulating short-term rentals, to making historic school investments.Our State House delegation reflects our City's diversity, strength, and values, as they lead the fight for education funding, public transit, and the environment.Our talented public safety leaders are national voices of progress. We have an African-American sheriff, Steve Tompkins Boston's first African-American Police Commissioner, Willie Gross and now, the state's first woman of color District Attorney, Rachael Rollins. And, Massachusetts' first African-American woman in Congress is Boston's own Ayanna Pressley.My goal for the work ahead is to make sure social progress and middle class opportunity grow together. We set a precedent with Amazon's new building on the South Boston waterfront. Now, we not only require funds for job training it must be training that helps local residents fill those new jobs. It's part of our mission to get 20,000 Bostonians into better paying jobs by 2022.This year, well bring the policy to the people, with a Mobile Economic Development Center. We'll be in every neighborhood, with job training and business workshops, like how to open a restaurant or compete for a City contract. We support small businesses because they lift up our neighborhoods. Recently we helped the Fernandez family make over an entire block in Jamaica Plain for their second supermarket. And Bill Banfield will soon open a live jazz restaurant in the City's own Bolling Building in Dudley Square. They're here, and I want to thank them for their partnership.We're serious about growing our middle class. We'll create 1,000 new homeowners in the next five years, by building more affordable homes and providing more financial help. I've seen this work change lives. Last summer, I had the chance to visit with Patricia Brown in the brand-new home she bought in Mattapan with the help of our Boston Home Center. I want to thank Patricia for welcoming me in, and I want to challenge her grandson Gabryel to a rematch in our slam dunk contest.Boston is a community for every generation. This year we'll launch Boston's Age Strong Commission, formerly the Elderly Commission. This revamped office will serve our seniors' needs and draw on their tremendous strength. I want to thank the members of our first Senior Civic Academy, and the volunteers in our City Hall greeters program who are here.When we come together, we can change lives. Five years ago, Boston had a shelter system for the homeless. Today, we have a housing strategy. Working with our provider partners, we've housed over 1,600 chronically homeless people. There's more to come. A year ago, we launched the Boston's Way Home Fund. The plan was to raise $10 million over four years, for supportive housing. After just one year, we've already raised over $5 million.I want to thank Boston's business community for stepping up in a big way to get us this far. I invite everyone to please donate at BostonsWayHomeFund.org and help end homelessness in our time.When I say no one left behind, I mean no one, because I believe in recovery with all my heart. We put in place outreach systems to bring hope and help to thousands suffering from addiction. We are suing the opioid makers who fueled this crisis, because we are all paying for their greed. Our EMTs, police, and firefighters work day and night responding to overdoses and saving lives. We launched a mobile sharps team, to take needles off our streets. Those financial costs are steep. The human costs are steeper.Let me tell you what I think about when I see a needle. That needle went into an arm. That arm belongs to a person. That person is suffering from an addiction, and it tore a whole family apart. That family needs our compassion and that person needs help and treatment. So if you see a needle, call 311. We'll come and get it. But if you want to see the needles stop, then understand what it takes. It takes resources. It takes commitment. It takes a community. Our plan for a recovery campus on Long Island is not about rebuilding a bridge. It's about rebuilding a life, by getting that person, and thousands of others across our region, the care they need to get well. That's what we're doing.In Boston, we don't lead by ourselves. We lead as the capital city and economic engine of a great Commonwealth. This year, we are proposing legislation to address the major challenges facing our City and state. It's an ambitious agenda and a necessary agenda: To create affordable housing and keep tenants in their homes to reduce violence expand the middle class, and protect our environment to invest in education for all our students. We're building a coalition of residents, activists, and legislators. I invite everyone to make your voices heard.I also look forward to a new chapter in Washington. Our delegation brings Boston and Massachusetts leadership to the nation in ways we haven't seen for years: heading key committees, representing new voices, and leading the fight for change. Recently, we heard threats from Washington to use the 2020 Census as another weapon to weaken democracy. Our representation and our federal funding are at stake. So we have appointed a Census Liaison to make sure every resident of Boston is counted, because every resident of Boston counts.One more thing: Governor Baker and I are going on a road trip. We have a Republican-led Senate and a Democratic House. So well go to Washington with a united front and call for the investments in housing, transit, and the environment that our future depends on. Instead of building a wall, let's show them how to build bridges.Fighting for others and leaving no one behind. To understand the power of these values, we have the greatest role models in the world. A few years ago, veterans in our City got together to plan a tribute to their fallen comrades. One of the founders was Sergeant 1st Class Eric Emond of the Green Berets. Eric's idea was to create not only a monument, a movement to support veterans and Gold Star Families. That's what they achieved in 2016, when we dedicated the Mass. Fallen Heroes memorial in South Boston.On November 27 of last year, Eric was killed in action in Afghanistan. Now, his wife and three daughters are embraced by the movement he was a part of. Let us keep this family in our prayers and make Eric's supreme example of service our guiding star. In five years together, we've made Boston a more compassionate, a more dynamic, a more democratic city. We've listened, we've learned, and we're leading. I'm proud of what we've achieved. We should all be proud, and we should be ready to do more. Our City needs us, our country needs us, and we're just getting started. As we begin our sixth year together, I want you to know my door remains open to every voice, every idea, every dream, always. I invite you in, to help make Boston stronger. And to our national leaders, I say: If you want to learn how to bring people together, not push them apart, look to Boston. If you want to grow good jobs and rebuild the middle class, look to Boston. If you want to see how social justice strengthens all of us, look to Boston. If you want to cut crime, protect the environment, lift Americans up, leave no one behind, and build a more perfect union? Then look to the city of hope and heart. Look to the city of courage and champions. At a time when cities must lead, look to Boston, the leader of cities.Thank you. God bless you. God bless the City of Boston."
"During his State of the City address, Mayor Martin J. Walsh will tonight strengthen his commitment to expanding economic opportunity to all, and will announce the creation of Boston's Economic Development Center. The Economic Development Center is designed to engage with residents on economic development policy around job growth, business development, placemaking and community economic development. TheEconomic Development Centerwill be at convenient, accessible locations in every neighborhood throughout the year, offer interpretation services upon request, a child-friendly environment, and will serve as a vehicle to generate economic opportunities for all residents and businesses in Boston.""We support small businesses because they lift up our neighborhoods, lift up families, and lift up all of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Creating more pathways to economic security and success means a stronger, better city for all. Through programs like the Economic Development Center, we are building Boston's middle class and ensuring we are a city where all can achieve and thrive.""""To ensure our economic development strategies deliver real results for Bostonians, we are bringing policy and resources to residents and businesses in an accessible, thoughtful, and collaborative manner,"" said John F. Barros, Chief of Economic Development. ""We will be out in convenient locations - with staff and resources in many different languages - to not only help with small business financing and connecting the diverse talent in our communities to opportunity, but to discuss our creative community development strategies in order to get your feedback.""The Economic Development Center will host free workshops year-round, across four series that focus on different sectors and different policy areas: equity and inclusion small business community economic development and jobs and talent. The Mayor's Office of Economic Development staff and partner organizations will facilitate workshops to engage with residents on policy, connect businesses and entrepreneurs with necessary resources and support organizations, and directly work with individuals to access career advancement trainings, hiring and contracting opportunities, and networking events.Summaries and workshop topics for each policy include:The series will create a network of individuals and businesses to connect with good jobs and public procurement opportunities, and serve as a vehicle to engage directly with diverse communities on equity policy and decision making. Series topics include pathways to contracting with the City, OSHA training and certification, and matchmaking events for Minority and Women-owned Business Enterprises.To support Boston's small businesses at all stages and across industries, this track will create an accessible way for busy small business owners to invest time and energy to stabilize and grow their businesses. This track's workshops will feature series on business planning, food trucks, the creative economy, and immigrant entrepreneurs.Based on existing BPDA Research data, workshops will illustrate the strong cultural and economic contributions made by Boston's diverse communities, and will facilitate a discussion around specific community needs and on best practices to engage different communities to better inform policy decisions. Workshops will include outreach to immigrant communities, including Boston's Cape Verdean, Somali, Vietnamese, and Haitian communities.With the goal of maximizing Boston's homegrown talent and ensuring everyone benefits from Boston's economy, this track will facilitate individual to employer matchmaking, provide career training opportunities, and educate attendees on hiring trends for long-term career growth. Workshops will feature a variety of voices from some of the City's top employers discussing inclusive hiring practices, current staffing needs, and more.Workshops will be held at BCYF Centers, branches of the Boston Public Library, and partner organizations throughout Boston.During Mayor's Walsh's inauguration speech last year, he committed to using his second term to build and strengthen Boston's middle class. He also launched a campaign called Boston Hires, which works with nonprofit partners and private employers towards a new goal: 20,000 low-income Boston residents trained and placed in good jobs by the year 2022.The Economic Development Center builds on the success of the Small Business Center, first launched as a pop-up pilot by Mayor Walsh in 2017. As a result of the 2016 Citywide Small Business Plan, the Office of Economic Development developed a pop-up series of free workshops in neighborhoods around the City. Created to make services more accessible to small businesses, the workshops were designed to allow businesses to access city support outside of City Hall and in their own communities, as well as to provide opportunities for business owners and entrepreneurs to network and create strategic connections. The 2017-2018 Pilot included a series in Mattapan, East Boston, and Roxbury for about six consecutive weeks each, reaching over 400 individuals.""Since attending the City's Small Business Center, I have been introduced to opportunities for my business that I didn't know existed before,"" said Hilliard Baker, President and Owner, H.B. Plumbing and Heating. ""For a small business in Dorchester, the helpful staff, valuable networking time, and knowledge I've gained have lead to a winning contract and new work for my business. I look forward to building more relationships and learning more with this new program.""These centers complement Mayor Walsh's overall work to increase access to economic opportunity throughout the City of Boston, including his14-bill housing security and economic mobility packagethat will be submitted to the Massachusetts Legislature promotes equity, opportunity, and resilience through preserving neighborhoods, stabilizing vulnerable households, supporting small businesses, removing barriers that keep people in poverty, providing new pathways to good jobs, and continuing to leverage Boston's prosperity to build a more inclusive and equitable city.As Boston continues to grow at an incredible rate, Mayor Walsh has prioritized economic equity to ensure all Bostonians benefit from Boston's booming economy. In 2014, Mayor Walsh created the Economic Development Cabinet to make Boston an appealing and accessible place for families and businesses to grow and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for all Bostonians. Milestones include the development of the city's first everEconomic Inclusion and Equity Agenda,publication of the city's firstSmall Business Report,launch of theSmall Business Resource Center,and passage of an updatedBoston Residents Job Policywith elevated develop standard for hiring and building in Boston."
"At midday on January 15, 1919, Boston'sNorth End was full of workers and residents venturing outdoors to enjoy unseasonably warm weather. At about 1 p.m., they heard a low rumble. At first, many assumed it was a Boston Elevated train approaching. But, within minutes, they realized something was very wrong. A 50-foot tall tank full of industrial grade molasses had ruptured, sending a 2.3 million gallon wave of molasses rushing through the crowded North End.The hulking molasses tank had been built by Purity Distilling Company only a few years earlier, in 1915. The tank measured 50-feet tall, and rose overthe Boston Elevated Railroad tracks that ran next next to it.Tankers delivered shipments of molasses to Copps Hill Wharf, where it was pumped into the tank and stored until it could be sent to distillerieson train cars, like the one below.Though the tank had only been built a few years earlier in 1915, local residents knew that it leaked. According to author Stephen Puleo, North End children collected pails of the sticky, sweet molasses. When locals complained that they could see the molasses seeping out at the tank's seams, Purity Distilling painted the tank brown, to disguise the oozing molasses. Structural engineers later reported that the tank's walls were far too thin to hold the heavy molasses that the tank stored. Furthermore, the chemical composition of the tank's walls made them vulnerable to cracking. On January 15, 1919, a combination of the tank's shoddy construction, a sudden temperature change, and a large new shipment of molasses resulted in a rupture of the tank's walls.The wave of molasses rushed through the North End at about 35 miles per hour. It knocked an Elevated train off of its tracks, crushed buildings, moved a firehouse and other buildings off theirfoundations, and suffocated both humans and animals. The crumpled pieces of the tank litteringthe debris field showed the force of the molasses wave.Rescuers, including the Boston Police Department, cadets from the USS Nantucket, docked nearby, and the Red Cross, rushed to the scene. Despite heroic efforts, the molasses killed 21 people and injured 150. Most of the deceased were laborers and drivers working at the North End Paving Yard and Copps Hill Wharf. However, the deceased also includedPasquale Iantosca and Maria Distasio, two10-year-olds who had been out enjoying the unseasonably warm day, andGeorge Layhe, an Engine 31 fireman who had reportedly just gone to bed before the molasses hit his firehouse. You can read about each of the victims in this Boston.com article.Cleaning up the molasses and debris in the North Endwas a difficult process. Molasses coated the wreckagemaking it almost impossible to move fragments of building and vehicles. City workers finally realized that saltwater broke down the molasses and began spraying the area with water pumped in from the harbor. The Engine 31 fireboat, who's firehouse had been destroyed in the flood, was key in the cleanup efforts. The below photos of the cleanup process show the extent of the destruction and the difficulties encountered of cleaning the area.Though locals had observed the structural issues with the molasses tank, the tank's owners initially blamed an anarchist plot to bomb the tank. An initial inquiry and a later class-action lawsuit revealed the structural instability of the tank. In 1925, a court-appointed auditor ruled that the negligence by the tank's owners was to blame for the tank's collapse and the loss of life and property. The tragedy of Boston's molasses flood led to great changes in the way the United States regulated industries. According to Stephen Puleo, regulations stipulating that engineers neededto sign and seal plans, building inspectorsneeded to examine projects, and that architects needed to show their work all came as a result of Boston's molasses flood.Interested in learning more about the Boston molasses flood? Take a look at our full collection of photographs documenting the flood.For furtherreading, we recommend Stephen Puleo'sbook,""Dark Tide: The Great Boston Molasses Flood of 1919.""We also enjoyed the below articles:"
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 54 River Street in Mattapan, MA 02126.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on January 21, 2019.
Gillooly is a lifelong Bostonian and resident of Hyde Park for more than 50 years, where he and Murphy live and raised two children, Matthew and Caitlin. Gillooly has demonstrated a lifetime of commitment to his family and community, which was recognized by his receipt of a Shattuck Award in 2015.James has spent the last 24 years of his professional life working to improve the quality of life for Bostonians as Deputy Commissioner for the Boston Transportation Department, serving as BTD Coordinator for the Central Artery/Third Harbor Tunnel Project, as well as working on issues such as noise mitigation, pedestrian safety, and traffic flow.Murphy has participated in many community activities and political campaigns. She began her career with the Commonwealth of Massachusetts at the Division of Insurance and then the Secretary of States Office. She then went on to work for Boston Public Schools as a school secretary. In 1999, she joined the Auditing Department as a member of the Change Management Team. Murphy later transferred to the Department of Innovation and Technology, where she has helped to enhance the technical skills of thousands of City of Boston employees for the last 20 years.The Boston City Council thanks Gillooly and Murphy for their many years of dedication, congratulates them both on their retirement from the City of Boston, and wishes them the best in their next endeavors.
"This year the Council raffled off District Raffle Baskets filled with neighborhood goodies.The Council sends a special ""thank you"" to everyone who participated in this year's fundraiser to help Boston become a healthier City where everyone has enough to eat.Together, we raised $1,252!Congratulations to the winners of the raffle!"
During the ceremony, Council President Campbell stated, On behalf of the entire City Council, [I] want to welcome Councilor Garrison. Weve had many conversations and I know shes ready to get to work, and each of us are ready to partner in the work with her.Althea Garrison was sworn in as an At-Large member of the Boston City Council on January 9, 2019. Duly elected by the residents of the City of Boston from the municipal election in November 2017, Althea brings a unique perspective to the Council as she is an independent voice for change. Among her top priorities include:Holding elected office is not new for Althea, as she was elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1992 and served there until 1995. As a State Representative, Althea served on the Housing Committee, the Election Law Committee, and she sponsored legislation that inaugurated mail-in voter registration. This ensured that the voice and vote of every voter could be heard and counted. Althea worked for 34 years as a clerk in human resources for the Massachusetts State Comptroller's Office, and she is the Vice President of the Board at Upham's Health Center in Dorchester. She holds advanced degrees and certificates from Newbury Junior College, Suffolk University, Lesley College, and Harvard University.Throughout her entire political career, Althea has worked tirelessly to put the people of Boston first and to serve them above all else. A resident of Dorchester, Althea is a formidable woman who fights every day for the cares and concerns of all Bostonians.
Mayor Walsh's legislative agenda continues his administration's work to create greater opportunity for all residents, and serves all people of Massachusetts through its focus on equity and opportunity, ensuring Boston and Massachusetts' growth benefits all communities in the Commonwealth. You can learn more below:
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the church structure at 8 Argyle Street (aka 500 Talbot Avenue) in Dorchester, MA 02124.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on January 20, 2019.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced his health and public safety legislative agenda, the final of fourlegislative packages the City of Boston will be supporting at the Massachusetts Legislature. Mayor Walsh's complete legislative package focuses on ensuring equity, opportunity and resilience for all Massachusetts residents, with bills related to economic mobility and housing security, transportation and the environment, and education funding. The legislative package announced today focuses on improving health and safety outcomes for communities in Boston, and across the Commonwealth.""It's simple: to create opportunity for everyone, we need a level playing field. That means access to health care, affordable housing, reliable transportation, a clean environment, and the opportunity for a second chance,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This legislative plan works to give families the helping hand they need, and creates safer communities across the Commonwealth. Together, our health and public safety bills work to build a more resilient, equitable city and state for all.""Boston has long been at the forefront of public health innovation, from pioneering a model of Community Health Centers to expanding access to health insurance and preventive care. The bills proposed in Mayor Walsh's package seek to promote opportunity for residents leaving state programs, expand access to health care and benefits, and increase access to recovery services.""From the perspective of a community resident and health care professional, I have seen firsthand how social determinants of health, such as lack of public safety, housing, education, and employment are in what we see as barriers to health care resources,"" said Phillomin Laptiste, Executive Director of Bowdoin Street Health Center. ""This legislative agenda takes a collaborative public health approach and leverages our multi sector partnerships that include police, clergy, community-based organizations, residents, and community health centers to ensure there are adequate resources in Boston and beyond.""This legislative proposal builds on Mayor Walsh's work to ensure all residents receive the care they need. Last year, Mayor Walsh announced an action plan designed to support young Bostonians experiencing homelessness, and put them on a path to stable housing. The goals and action items outlined in the plan will be tied to concrete investments in housing and services necessary to end youth homelessness.In 2017, Mayor Walsh launched arecovery partnership with the Suffolk County Sheriff's Officeto expand the delivery of recovery services to inmates during incarceration and create a continuum of care after their release. This recovery partnership focuses on a key intervention point for populations with substance use disorders.In his 2018 inaugural address, Mayor Walsh committed to rebuild the Long Island Bridge and invest in a comprehensive, long-term recovery facility onLong Island. These new services will ensure a continuum of care, from harm reduction, to detox, to residential treatment, to transitional housing and ongoing peer support, and equip people with the opportunity to rebuild a life.An Act to Ensure Positive Transition for At-Risk Youth:would require state-funded youth service providers to provide a comprehensive transition plan that identifies the specific reentry needs of each young person and addresses them, particularly housing needs. This bill would also ensure that state-funded service providers do not use shelters as housing options in the transition planning they offer returning youth.An Act to Facilitate Re-entry:would require the Department of Corrections and House of Corrections, and other state offices and departments, to provide robust discharge planning for individuals leaving correctional facilities and other residential programs that does not result in homelessness and discharges to emergency shelters. Specifically, this would ensure that shelters are not considered appropriate primary housing options for the purposes of discharge planning.An Act to Expand Affordable Healthcare for Older Adults:would increase the eligibility levels in order to expand access to Medicare Savings Programs (MSPs) for more low-income seniors. MSPs use Medicaid funds to help reduce out-of-pocket costs for low-income Medicare beneficiaries. MSPs were created by the federal government, but states have discretion in implementation. Currently, Massachusetts MSPs have the lowest allowable eligibility limits ranging from 100-135 percent of the Federal Poverty Level (FPL).An Act to Coordinate Access to Public Benefits:would create a common application form for all core food, health and safety net programs to eliminate the ""SNAP GAP,"" which is the estimated 680,000 Massachusetts residents who are eligible for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP), but not enrolled.An Act to Better Prepare the Commonwealth for Climate and Disaster Refugees:would establish a commission to study the Commonwealth's response to the displacement of people from Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria, for the purpose of supporting potential points of intervention to improve the Commonwealth's emergency response protocols for connecting evacuees with social services and emergency housing. Further, the Commission would explore the merits of creating a State fund or trust for supplemental aid to evacuees in the future.An Act Relative to Diversion to Substance Abuse Treatment for Non-Violent Drug Offenders:would provide individuals facing first and second time non-violent drug offenses an opportunity to be evaluated by a licensed addiction specialist to determine if they are drug-dependent and would benefit from treatment. If so, the person can request assignment to a drug treatment facility. Their drug offense court proceedings would be stayed until the drug treatment program is completed.An Act to Increase Access to Healthcare in Underserved Areas of Massachusetts:would establish a commission to explore ways to reduce licensing and other barriers keeping foreign-trained health professionals from practicing in their field, enabling them to provide crucial health care services to the most underserved areas of the Commonwealth.""I am grateful to Mayor Walsh for his leadership on issues that are crucial to Boston residents and Boston Medical Center's patients, including increasing access to affordable health care, preventing gun violence, aiding re-entry for individuals after incarceration and improving the state's response to influxes of refugees in crisis,"" said Kate Walsh, president and CEO of Boston Medical Center. ""I look forward to working alongside the Mayor on many of these issues in the State House.""Mayor Walsh's public safety legislative priorities focus on further strengthening the Commonwealth's gun laws. While Boston continues to make strides in reducing gun violence -- statistics show violent crime in Boston was down in 2018 compared to 2017, with the total number of fatal and non-fatal shooting victims decreasing by about 22 percent -- legislative action is urgently needed to take and keep guns off the city's streets. Mayor Walsh is proposing three bills that would combat the influx of firearms into communities, increasing safety for all Massachusetts residents.Under the leadership of Mayor Walsh, the Boston Police Department has prioritized community policing as an effective way to reduce crime,establishing the Bureau of Community Engagement in September 2018. The Bureau oversees a citywide effort to further strengthen community policing in Boston, focuses on ways to build relationships and trust between law enforcement and residents, creates new and innovative partnerships, and promotes inclusion and diversity within the department. The Boston Police Department receivednational recognition from the Obama Administrationin 2015 for being one of the top cities in the nation leading the way on community policing.An Act to Prevent Gun Violence:would require medical professionals to ask patients about the presence of guns in their homes, with the goal of identifying red flags that could indicate risks related to suicide, domestic violence or child access to guns.An Act to Support the Solving of Gun Crimes:would require all Massachusetts police to enter ballistic information for every crime gun into the National Integrated Ballistics Information Network (NIBIN). Entering information on all crime guns into this database, following the lead of New Jersey and Delaware, would help law enforcement professionals spot patterns that would better help them prioritize investigations.An Act Related to the Transportation of Illegal Firearms:would allow police to fine owners of vehicles found to contain illegal firearms, and impound those vehicles. Revenue produced by these fines would fund violence prevention measures in each municipality.For more information on the City's public health and public safety work, please visit Boston Public Health Commission and the Office of Public Safety."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined a statewide coalition in announcing an education equity legislative agenda, the latest of the Mayor's legislative priorities that the City of Boston will be supporting at the Massachusetts Legislature. The coalition of partners is led by legislators, cities, towns, teachers, students, and advocates who are joining together in proposing one comprehensive education finance bill to reform the Commonwealth's education funding formula so that it better serves all students throughout the state.Mayor Walsh's legislative agenda continues his administration's work to create greater opportunity for all residents, and serves all people of Massachusetts through its focus on equity and opportunity, ensuring Boston and Massachusetts' growth benefits all communities in the Commonwealth.""Every student in Massachusetts deserves a 21st century education and should have the opportunity to succeed, no matter their talent or challenges, family income or background,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This bill will give us the tools to make that a reality. Boston is proud to stand with our partners in the Legislature and to join this coalition of cities and towns to advance a system of state aid that supports all of the talented and diverse students of the Commonwealth.""""Children across our Commonwealth are waiting for us to fulfill the promise we made in our Constitution and in the 1993 Education Reform Act: that zip code should not be destiny,"" said Sen. Sonia Chang-Daz (D-Boston), lead Senate sponsor of the bill. ""For 25 years, we havefailed to live up to that promise-first unknowingly and now, for the past three years, knowingly. Our schools are suffering from death by a thousand paper cuts. This bill isn't about providing 'new' or 'extra' funds. It's about making good on what we've already promised.""The Education PROMISE Act,sponsored by Senator Sonia Chang-Diaz, Representative Mary Keefe and Representative Aaron Vegareforms state education fundingby fully implementing the Foundation Budget Review Commission (FBRC) recommendations and addressing the underlying inequities within the Commonwealth's education funding formulas, like Chapter 70. As a result of the bill, Foundation Budgets statewide will better reflect the true cost of educating students, and there will be a renewed partnership between the Commonwealth and all districts in funding those Foundation Budgets.""This proposal will help districts across the Commonwealth move closer to the spirit of the education reform law and not just the letter,"" said Lawrence Mayor Dan Rivera. ""Finally, with leadership and support like Mayor Walsh's, and leaders in the Legislature, we can go from talking about it, to doing it.""""Every student deserves an equal opportunity to receive a great public education that prepares them for a successful future,"" said Medford Mayor Stephanie M. Burke. ""I support the Foundation Budget Review Commission (FBRC) recommendations to address and create a guaranteed minimum level of funding for all districts schools. In addition, I support Mayor Walsh's education finance legislation that improves some funding inequities as well as other reforms that will bring additional needed resources to communities that may not gain much under FBRC alone. I am committed to the essential work of providing every child with a quality education and to ensure that 'all' means all.""""The residents of Easthampton have taken significant steps towards greater investment in our public schools, and this is another opportunity for us to ensure that our students are receiving the same support and opportunities as students across the state,"" said Easthampton Mayor Nicole LaChapelle. ""In joining Mayor Walsh in this proposal, mayors statewide are saying, 'our students deserve better.'""Boston invests over $1.3 billion a year to educate over 65,000 district and charter public school students, a number that has grown by over $250 million since 2014. During this school year, the Boston Public Schools (BPS) FY19 budget was the largest in the school department's history. During this time of sustained City-led investment, BPS has continued to achieve its highest four-year high-school graduation rate and more high-ranking Level 1 and 2 schools than ever before. While progress has been made, more work and investment is needed to close achievement and opportunity gaps for all students.Yet as Boston's investments in its students, facilities and teacher has grown, state funding has lagged behind. Inequities in the the Commonwealth's education funding formulas have failed urban school districts, like Boston, that educate the majority of economically disadvantaged, English Language Learners and special education students in the state. The current education funding formulas result in less net state funding every year for BPS students. If the status quo persists and these formulas are not changed, in two years, Boston will receive no state education aid to support the City's 55,000 BPS students.To create a more equitable education funding system, Boston is proud to supportThe Education PROMISE Actthat builds upon the important work of the state-appointed Foundation Budget Review Commission by updating and amending the state education funding formula to better reflect the reality of educating complex, high-need students, like Boston. This proposal will also support the high needs of the student populations cities educate and ensure baseline funding levels that guarantee a predictable funding stream for districts.The Education PROMISE Actprovides certainty and sustainability that would enable districts to fund their own education priorities, such as Boston's desire to implement universal pre-K, close persistent achievement gaps, and provide a 21st century learning environment to all of Boston's students."
Now that were in the midst of our first debt bash week of 2019, we thought it would be a great time to reflect on our experience with regular bash weeks in 2018.During these weeks, we put aside some of our bigger projects for smaller efforts that still deserve our attention, and to focus on our workflow and organization. We want to make sure were being efficient while creating useful metrics that we can use to track our progress as a team. You can read more about our first debt bash week in our blog post from last January.For many, the idea of pausing all active work might seem daunting and unrealistic. But, weve come to look forward to our bash weeks, which we hold every two months. Aside from tackling the little stuff, these weeks also give us a chance to:With a year of regular debt bash weeks under our belts, weve learned a lot. We hope you can gain some insights from our work as well.When we came up with the idea for a debt bash week for the Digital Team, we were at first only focused on our product and web development staff. We wanted to address the technical debt and backlog that can creep up over time, along with minor issues that are important but would cause interruptions to our progress on larger efforts.Over the course of the year, we realized that taking the time to step back could be important for the rest of the Digital Team. Our designers and content creators focus most of their time on bigger projects and day-to-day maintenance. And just like our developers, they often have to push off smaller issues.We even started getting staff from other City departments involved. Designers from outside of our team have taken on a few projects during bash week, and weve discussed turning these weeks into a bigger effort across the City, including within the Department of Innovation and Technology, where we sit.Before each debt bash week, we hold a meeting with our whole staff to go over the priorities for the week. Using Github, we create a project board that tracks the progress of the different issues the team wants to address. This helps us stay on top of the work were doing. And, if were working with stakeholders at the City on a big project, we make sure to let them know that were taking a break to focus on bash week.Even though were working on smaller issues, we are still on call for high-priority items during the week. Especially on our content side, theres always going to be a website update or social media post that needs to go out now. The goal of this week is really to be mindful of the fact that  when were not working on ASAP issues  were taking some time to clear out our backlog.Just as important as our prep is the fact that we take the time to step back after the week to review what weve accomplished. Over the course of the year, we included follow-up, retrospective meetings as a regular part of our process. These meetings allow us to learn about what worked, and what didnt. They also give our staff members a chance to share and brag about what they were able to accomplish.Based on the feedback during these meetings, we made a few changes to our workflow:In just five debt bash weeks in 2018, we were able to close 94 issues on GitHub. Our tickets ranged from minor bugs to fixes on major projects. We were able to address all sorts of development, design, and content issues. Here are just some of the highlights:Well always have smaller projects come across our desks that we just cant make our number one priority. But, thanks to our debt bash weeks, were able to make time for them. Whether its just general housekeeping or fine-tuning existing applications, these weeks give us the chance to iterate and polish our digital tools.Have you seen something on Boston.gov or an existing digital tool that you think needs fixing? Please let us know at feedback@boston.gov. It could become a ticket for our next bash week.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced his environment and transportation legislative package, the second of four legislative packages the City of Boston will be submitting to the Massachusetts Legislature. The six-bill package will strengthen the Commonwealth's commitment to the goals set out in the Paris Agreement and the City's goals to be carbon neutral by 2050. Mayor Walsh's legislative agenda builds upon the work of the Administration to ensure equity, opportunity and resilience for all residents by strengthening current systems and creating new tools to adapt, mitigate and invest in local transportation and the environment.""Addressing the threat of climate change and making sure we keep up with our transportation needs goes beyond city limits. That's why we must work together with the Massachusetts Legislature on issues of climate mitigation and adaptation, and do everything we can to address congestion and increase safety in our streets,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm proud to propose legislation that will explore incentives to reduce pollution and create a statewide vehicle to work on resiliency projects, as well as proposals that would provide investment in transportation infrastructure.""Mayor Walsh's second legislative package of the year focuses on Boston's shared commitment and leadership with the Commonwealth to be robust environmental stewards, strengthening our ability to address climate change and its impacts. Reducing greenhouse gas emissions to be in line with the Paris Agreement while preparing for rising sea levels and extreme weather events is a shared responsibility that requires immediate legislative action. To that end, the environmental bills proposed seek to create a statewide vehicle to work on resiliency projects and explore market incentives to reduce pollution.This work builds on Mayor Walsh's recent vision plan for aResilient Boston Harbor. This comprehensive and transformative vision calls for investing in Boston's waterfront to protect against the impacts of rising sea level and climate change. The Mayor's plan lays out strategies along Boston's 47-mile shoreline that will increase access and open space along the waterfront while better protecting the city during a major flooding event.The City has already completed segments of the Resilient Boston Harbor plan through district-level projects inEast Boston,Charlestown, andSouth Boston. These projects led to immediate action along the East Boston Greenway where a deployable flood wall was installed last year, an elevated section of Main St. in Charlestown was added to the design of the City's Rutherford Ave. and Sullivan Square project, the ongoing planning forMoakley Parkin South Boston to prepare it for coastal and stormwater flooding, and the construction ofMartin's Parkin the Seaport, which is expected to be completed this year.Most recently the City, in partnership with the Boston Planning and Development Agency (BPDA), submitted its proposal for a $10 million FEMA pre-mitigation grant to begin resilience work along the Fort Point Channel. As the City continues to make strides towards building a moreclimate-ready Boston, it will begin its next district-level planning project for the Downtown and North End neighborhoods early this year and begin the same work in Dorchester later this year. Furthering strengthening Mayor Walsh's commitment to protecting Boston against rising sea levels and climate change, the City is accelerating its progress toward reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The City of Boston is committed to being carbon neutral by 2050. Early this year the City will beginthe process to update its Climate Action Plan. The update will provide an implementation roadmap to achieve carbon neutrality in Boston, identifying the immediate next steps Boston must take to reach its goals. Most recently the City rolled outits regulation of single-use plastic bags, encouraging all customers to switch to reusable bags when shopping in Boston and help move the City toward zero waste. The City also took a big step forward inimplementation of Community Choice Energyby seeking proposals from qualified consultants to develop a municipal energy aggregation program and by convening a community-led working group to inform the program design. As a leading city on climate action, the City wasnamed a winner of the Bloomberg American Cities Climate Challengeas Boston works to strengthen and accelerate its progress toward reducing carbon emissions. The City will receive a support package, valued at up to $2.5 million, to increase low-carbon mobility choices and improve energy performance of Boston's building sector.""Massachusetts residents are already feeling the impacts of climate change, from hotter summers to increased coastal flooding and heavier rainfall. Our research has shown that to address these challenges and protect vulnerable communities, we need partnership among local, regional and state government,"" said Rebecca Herst, Executive Director of the Sustainable Solutions Lab at UMass Boston. ""We applaud Mayor Walsh for proposing a comprehensive approach to protect communities throughout the Commonwealth and encourage better governance for all.""""We applaud the Mayor's Regional Commission for a Climate Ready Commonwealth that will tackle the very tough issues of how to organize, finance and prioritize our critical responses to climate change. Mayor Walsh continues to recognize that the time is now and we need to work together to meet the challenge,"" said Kathy Abbott, President and CEO of Boston Harbor Now.An Act to Establish a Commission for a Climate Ready Commonwealth:would create a regional commission to determine which entity should lead major coastal and inland resiliency projects, how such projects might be funded and how those projects should be prioritized. Boston is not alone in facing the threat of climate change, and all communities are experiencing the reality of extreme heat, snow, rain, and flooding. As the impacts increase and intensify, it's more important now than ever before to coordinate investments to adapt infrastructure and our natural and built environment to future climate conditions.An Act to Modernize our Natural Gas Infrastructure:would impose a fine on natural gas providers for the total volume of all gas leaks, incentivizing the utility companies to update their infrastructure and providing revenue for climate-ready municipal projects. Natural gas is a powerful greenhouse gas and significant contributor to climate change. The City of Boston and all other cities and towns throughout the Commonwealth have outdated and aging natural gas infrastructure. Gas leaks not only harm the environment but are a public safety issue, public health concern, and financial burden to ratepayers.For more information on the City's environmental work, please visit the Environment Department's website.As Boston's population continues to grow, with projected growth to reach almost 760,000 people by the year 2030, Mayor Walsh is proposing four transportation bills aimed at efficiently supporting residents by providing investment in transportation infrastructure, reducing carbon emissions from motor vehicles, and providing for safer streets.The bills further goals established inGo Boston 2030, the City of Boston's comprehensive transportation plan. Execution of the plan is well underway with action being taken on more than half of the 58 projects and policies identified. These initiatives work to reduce traffic, encourage travel by transit, bike and on foot, and ensure safety and access equitably for all users of Boston's streets.Examples include partnering with the MBTA to promote the use of public transit by establishing a dedicated bus lane on a section of Washington Street in Roslindale that serves eight different bus lines carrying thousands of passengers daily incorporating new techniques and upgraded equipment into roadway projects to advance our Vision Zero goal of eliminating traffic fatalities and severe injuries in Boston by 2030 and working to build a network of low stress, strategically placed, separated or buffered bike lanes to allow for safe travel by bike throughout Downtown and Boston's neighborhoods.""Mayor Walsh's legislative agenda is comprehensive and future-oriented,"" said Marc Draisen, Executive Director of the Metropolitan Area Planning Council. ""It includes incentives to address climate and transportation issues, as well as penalties for behavior that stands in the way of progress. We are particularly pleased that the City of Boston will support Regional Ballot Initiatives to generate revenue for critical improvements in our transportation infrastructure. This is a major source of revenue for roads and transit around the country, and we need this tool in Massachusetts too.""An Act to Allow Regional Ballot Initiatives:would allow cities and towns in Massachusetts to work together to pass taxes that would be used to fund specific transportation projects.An Act to Promote Safe Streets and Reduce Congestion:would allow photo enforcement for school buses with cameras to capture violations when the STOP arm is deployed and for addressing Blocking the Box traffic violations. This bill is part of a broader road safety legislative agenda, which includes support of previously-filed bills related to sideguards on trucks and cell phone use while driving.An Act to Allow Parking Assessments for Infrastructure Investment:would allow cities and towns to add an assessment to spaces in private parking garages, to be used to build and maintain roads and bridges, as well as bicycle and pedestrian infrastructure.An Act to Update Transportation Network Company Assessments:would update the existing TNC legislation to better align it with the State's and City's climate and mobility goals. In particular, it would create a lower assessment for shared trips, a higher assessment for solo trips, and encourage walking, biking and transit as primary modes of travel.For more information on the City's transportation work, please visit the Transportation Department's website."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced he will seek to establish a Cadet Program for the Boston Fire Department (BFD) to recruit and train more women to serve as active firefighters with the Department. Mayor Walsh will formally file his proposal with the Massachusetts Legislature in the coming weeks as part of his overall legislative package.The effort underscores the need to curb a national trend of underrepresentation of women in fire suppression services, demonstrated by the fact that only approximately four percent of firefighters nationally are women, according to the U.S. Department of Labor. Among the top cities nationally, for fire departments which do not have a dual role of being a fire-based EMS operation, such as Boston, the percent of female firefighters hovers at one percent. The City of Boston currently has 16 female firefighters, of a firefighting force of approximately 1,500.BFD's newest recruit class of 54 individuals were sworn in last week, marking the most diverse class since 2003. Of the class of 54 new firefighters, more than one-third, or 20 newfirefighters, are people of color, including seven Asian individuals (more than doubling the number of Asian-American firefighters at BFD), seven Hispanic and six black individuals. At the same time, the class consisted of 53 males and one female (BFD's first Asian American female), reinforcing the need to further recruit women to serve as active firefighters in the Department. Two times over the last five years, the Department has sought state approval for a ""selective certification list"" to include a targeted number of female firefighters in new recruit classes both of these requests were denied.Following allegations of discrimination, Mayor Walsh commissioned the law firm Stoneman, Chandler, and Miller to conduct an external review examining the culture and environment for female firefighters at BFD. Thenewly-released 147 page reportindicates the need for the Department to hire more women, addresses the significant changes that have been made to address a longstanding male-dominated culture of the Department, noting ""considerable progress has been made in how women are treated currently in the Department,"" while offering recommendations for how to further address issues of diversity and inclusion for women in the Department. Mayor Walsh has committed to adopting all recommendations of the report to bolster female recruitment efforts and improve workplace conditions for women.""It's incredibly important that our workplaces in the City of Boston are inclusive and diverse, and are safe and welcoming to all,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank Attorney Kay Hodge and her team for their diligence in conducting this review that will serve as an opportunity for us to double down on our efforts to recruit those who we have not reached before, make changes where they are needed, and provide every opportunity we can to involve women and men in good, lifelong careers with the Boston Fire Department.""""There is nothing more important to me than the health, safety and well-being of Boston's firefighters, which is why I'm proud of all the work we've been able to accomplish over the last several years,"" said Commissioner Joseph Finn. ""This report makes clear that we have more work to do, and now more than ever I am committed to driving this needed change of embracing a culture of inclusion that will reach every corner of every firehouse.""The report states, ""the lack of a critical mass of female firefighters results in a male dominated department,"" and ""several [women] noted that they did not always feel as welcomed when detailed to houses that did not have a woman regularly assigned."" The City of Boston's first female firefighter joined the Department in 1984, alongside Commissioner Finn of the Boston Fire Department. While nationwide trends indicate low numbers of women in the fire suppression services, Mayor Walsh and Commissioner Finn have prioritized diversifying the Department, recruiting more women and offering workplaces that are fitted to accommodate both genders.Under Mayor Walsh and Commissioner Finn, many operational changes have been made in the Department's firehouses over the last several years to improve workplace conditions for female firefighters, including strengthening policies around the designation of women-only bathrooms in those firehouses with permanently assigned female firefighters installing exterior combination locks on the outside door of women's bathrooms creating permanent seven foot walls between bunks, each with their own sliding door with an internal lock, to afford greater privacy in sleeping quarters, a huge improvement in living/workplace conditions not previously required through the Hansford decree conducting extensive training for all district, deputy chiefs and captains regarding issues of respectful workplaces and conducting ongoing meetings with female firefighters to hear concerns and address issues.Additionally, the Boston Fire Department has twice applied to the state for a Selective Certification List to include a targeted number of female firefighters in new recruit classes both of these requests were denied, most recently as October 2018.According to the report, ""most of the women stated that they loved their jobs and none expressed regret about deciding to become a firefighter."" Cognizant that civil service rules statutorily dictates the Department's hiring process by law, the Department proactively hired a diversity recruitment officer in an effort to expand recruitment and outreach to female candidates to become firefighters.""As the female liaison for the Boston Fire Department, it is my responsibility to make sure that the voices of our female population are heard and represented, and that they feel supported at work,"" said Firefighter Margaret Connolly, the Department's female liaison, and a U.S. Coast Guard veteran. ""We've already made improvements within the past 6 months to several issues of concern to our female firefighters, such as updating the bathroom policy and addressing uniform issues. We have increased our recruitment and outreach efforts to female candidates, and will continue to do so. I am excited for this intentional focus on bringing more women to the force.""Mayor Walsh and Commissioner Finn are committed to improving the workplace to ensure a culture of inclusion for all firefighters.As such, Mayor Walsh is committed to implementing all recommendations of the report to supplement the work underway. Key points include:In addition to prioritizing workplace satisfaction, as one of the oldest fire departments in the nation, Boston has become a national leader on issues regarding firefighter safety. Last year, Metro Fire Chiefs Association named Commissioner Finn National Fire Chief of the Year. Commissioner Finn was selected for his leadership in working to improve the health, wellness, safety and protective gear for firefighters. In addition to establishing a Safety, Health & Wellness Division with the Boston Fire Department, Commissioner Finn has also implemented safety measures including new 45 minute air tanks, wearing of hoods at fire scenes, putting bunker gear washing machine extractors in firehouses and monitoring of air quality in fire buildings.Since taking office in 2014, Mayor Walsh has prioritized outfitting the Boston Fire Department for the 21st century and hascommitted $100 million to the department for infrastructure improvements.The Boston Fire Department will soon rebuild two fire stations, and has received 40 new fire trucks, replacing 50 percent of its entire fleet in the past four years alone. In addition to infrastructure investments, BFD leadership have undergone extensive workplace training every year, including 30,000 hours total in training which includes anti-harassment, discrimination and respectful workplace training in the last year alone, an over 300% increase in training hours compared to four years ago.Read the full report"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced his comprehensive housing security and economic mobility legislative package, the first of four legislative packages the City of Boston will be submitting to the Massachusetts Legislature. Mayor Walsh's legislative agenda continues his administration's work to create greater opportunity for all residents, and serves all people of Massachusetts through its focus on equity and opportunity, ensuring Boston and Massachusetts' growth benefits all communities in the Commonwealth.The 15-bill housing security and economic mobility package promotes equity, opportunity, and resilience through preserving neighborhoods, stabilizing vulnerable households, supporting small businesses, removing barriers that keep people in poverty, providing new pathways to good jobs, and continuing to leverage Boston's prosperity to build a more inclusive and equitable city.""Boston and the Commonwealth succeed when everyone has a chance to move forward,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Housing and economic mobility are linked: a stable home allows residents to pursue opportunities. In Boston, we've increased our affordable housing goals and worked to ensure everyone has a home in our city. We are doubling down on economic mobility by supporting small businesses, many of them owned by women, immigrants and people of color, reforming parts of the system that create barriers that keep people in poverty, and providing new pathways to good jobs. I look forward to advancing these bills in the Legislature, and creating more opportunity for all.""Housing SecurityMayor Walsh's first legislative package of the year focuses on housing security and economic mobility, expanding the work that Boston has done to address the region's affordable housing crisis and proposing new and existing tools to leverage Boston's prosperity and create sustainable wealth opportunities for a more inclusive and equitable city. The housing security bills proposed seek to help existing tenants, particularly older adults, remain in their homes, and create additional funding for affordable housing.This work builds off Boston's commitment to ensuring all communities have affordable and equitable housing options. Currently, one in five housing units in Boston is income restricted to people with none to moderate incomes. Boston has secured funding to build affordable housing by utilizing a range of tools, including leveraging market-rate development, collecting linkage and Inclusionary Development Policy (IDP) payments from real estate developers, and by supporting passage of the Community Preservation Act (CPA).In 2018, Mayor Walshincreased the City's overall housing targets from 53,000 to 69,000 new units by 2030, including 15,820 income-restricted units, to meet Boston's population growth. These income-restricted units will include purchasing 1,000 rental housing units from the speculative market and income-restricting them through an expanded Acquisition Opportunity Program. In addition, the City announced awardees of an affordable housing funding round that included more than $16 million in city affordable housing funds, and the first awards of Community Preservation Act (CPA) funding for affordable housing development projects.As the City continues to make strides towards creating more affordable housing, it is also working with regional partners to ensure affordable housing is a reality throughout the region through the Metro Mayor's Regional Housing Task Force. Mayor Walsh helped spearhead the execution of a recently-releasedregional housing productiongoal, which aims to create 185,000 new units of housing across the region by the year 2030. The proposed bills will enhance the work of the Metro Mayors Coalition.""We're very pleased withthe interlocking package of Housing Security bills that Mayor Walsh is submitting to the legislature,"" said Joe Kreisberg, President and CEO of the MA Association of Community Development Corporations. ""Strengthening tools like the Inclusionary Development Program and Linkage to ensure that Boston will be able to build income-restricted housing in the future represents great forward-thinking. We'd like to see more cities and towns utilize these tools to build more affordable housing in their communities, and to adopt the needed tenant protections the package offers to the Commonwealth's most vulnerable households.""An Act to Further Leverage Commercial Development to Build Housing and Create Jobs:would allow the City of Boston to adjust the Linkage Program, which was created as a way for commercial development to contribute to Boston's needs for affordable housing and workforce development. Current legislation mandates that a fee per square foot would be directed to the Neighborhood Housing Trust Fund and The Neighborhood Jobs Trust, with the City being allowed to take a Consumer Price Index (CPI) adjustment every three years. However, given the cyclical nature of building booms, greater flexibility has proven necessary to share the benefits of current economic growth with more residents. In order to provide Boston with the ability to make responsible adjustments to the Linkage formula as needed, the bill would eliminate the restriction on making adjustments only once every three years. The home rule petition will be filed today.An Act to Preserve Inclusionary Development:would memorialize Boston's Inclusionary Development Program (IDP) into the Zoning Code. Currently, IDP applies to any proposed residential project of 10 or more units that is either financed by or built on property owned by the City of Boston or the Boston Planning and Development Agency (BPDA), orthat requires zoning relief. To fulfill IDP requirements, developers may create income-restricted affordable units within their developments on-site, create income-restricted affordable housing in an off-site location, make a cash contribution towards the creation or preservation of income-restricted affordable housing, or a combination of these options. This Act would require IDP obligations from all projects of 10 or more units, regardless of the need for zoning relief, supporting Boston's present and future needs for income-restricted housing. The home rule petition will be filed today.To be filed by the Community Preservation Coalition,an Act to Sustain Community Preservation Act Revenuewould protect the Community Preservation Act (CPA) revenue that more than 170 cities and towns depend on for the creation of affordable housing, open space, and historic preservation. It would increase the fees for recording deeds to return the state match to closer to 50 percent. In 2018, after Boston joined the coalition of cities and towns that receive CPA funds, the match was just 19 percent.An Act to Ensure Right to Counsel in Eviction Proceedings:would provide certain low-income tenants facing eviction with a court-appointed attorney for representation, increasing housing and economic stability for vulnerable households. The bill also creates a public task force to create an implementation plan.An Act to Protect Elderly Tenants:would prohibit no-fault eviction of persons over 75 years of age. Landlords would be required to provide notice to the local community at the same time the eviction notice is served to the elderly tenant. Eviction would only be permitted for good cause such as failure to pay rent, damage to the property, or use of the premises for illegal activities. Rent increases would be limited to five percent per year for tenants aged 75 or older to prevent landlords from using large rent increases to get around just cause protections. This would apply to all properties with six or more rental units.An Act to Guarantee a Tenant's Right to Purchase:this local option bill would provide tenant associations of residential rental properties with more than five rental units with the right of first refusal to collectively purchase the properties at fair market value. The Act would allow the tenants match any bona fide offer to sell the property or to assign their right to purchase to a non-profit acting on their behalf.For more information on the City's work to create more affordable housing, please visit:Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030.Economic MobilityAs Boston continues to grow at an incredible rate, Mayor Walsh has prioritized economic equity to ensure all Bostonians benefit from Boston's booming economy. In 2014, Mayor Walsh created the Economic Development Cabinet to make Boston an appealing and accessible place for families and businesses to grow and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for all Bostonians.Milestones include the development of the city's first everEconomic Inclusion and Equity Agenda, publication of the city's firstSmall Business Report, launch of theSmall Business Resource Center, and passage of an updatedBoston Residents Job Policywith elevated develop standard for hiring and building in Boston.An Act to Increase Access to Affordable Community College:would replicate Boston's Tuition-Free Community College (TFCC) Initiative launched in June 2016, making it available statewide. TFCC was launched by Mayor Walsh and currently serves 295 students attending Bunker Hill Community College, Roxbury Community College and MassBay Community College. Students enrolled through the program have an average graduation rate of 70 percent over three years, significantly higher than national averages. Katherine Hernandez, Dorchester resident and a sociology major at Bunker Hill Community College, credits the city's Tuition-Free Community College program with helping her succeed in getting her degree. ""I wouldn't be able to go to college if it wasn't for this program,"" said Hernandez.An Act to Create Economic Vitality in Boston Neighborhoods:would expand the number of liquor licenses in Boston and target them to neighborhoods that would greatly benefit with an influx of restaurants to drive economic activity. Restaurants are the lifeblood of neighborhood business districts, providing jobs and gathering spaces, and spurring other businesses to locate nearby, and this balanced approach to licensing ensures neighborhoods historically disadvantaged by the liquor license process will receive their fair share.An Act to Ensure Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces:would require state contracting officers to consider an employer's record of workplace law compliance, including health and safety standards, wage laws and civil rights laws, before awarding a contract. The goal is to protect workers from wage abuse, workplace discrimination, and unsafe working conditions while ensuring a fair public contracting system that makes sure companies are following the law.An Opportunity to Achieve Equal Pay:Massachusetts Pay Transparency and Pipeline Advancement Act:would require all companies with more than 100 employees to report the gender and race of employees holding specific management titles, and require the Office of Labor and Workforce Development to post data. This legislation would also establish a fund to provide professional development services to employees who observe a disparity between the overall and their employer's ratio, in order to help improve their employer's rating.An Act to Promote Asset Building for Low-Income Residents:would remove the cap on assets for families receiving temporary cash assistance. The current policy disincentivizes families to accumulate even moderate savings and makes it more difficult for them to access resources. Eight other states have enacted similar changes with positive results.An Act to Lift the Cap on Kids:would repeal a policy that denies critical resources to children conceived while, or soon after, a family is receiving benefits. Massachusetts is one of only 17 states that have a Cap on Kids or similar policy.An Act to Help Working Families:which seeks to raise the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) to 50 percent, would return money directly to more than 400,000 eligible low- and moderate-income individuals and families. The EITC is almost universally seen as one of the most effective anti-poverty programs, and an increase of the state EITC would offer a significant economic boost for low-income workers.An Act to Create a Fire Cadet Program for the City of Boston Fire Department:would allow the City to create a pipeline to good jobs in the Boston Fire Department (BFD) for young people from the City of Boston, and would help the BFD diversify its ranks with more women and people of color.Finally, Boston understands the importance of supporting industries that drive growth, create jobs and generate tax revenue for the Commonwealth. Tourism, bolstered by arts and culture, is one of the state's largest industries. Investment in Tourism, Arts and Culture, used to promote the state, support institutions and build a more resilient workforce in the hospitality and creative industries would yield impressive dividends. To that endAn Act to Create a Statewide Commission on Tourism and Arts and Culture Investmentwould explore ways to raise money for sustained investment in this sector."
It's estimated that the average American adult is spending up to 11 hours each day looking at a screen these days! Taking a few easy steps can help you stay safer online and protect your digital identity.
Often at the beginning of a new year, with the comfort or stress of the holidays behind them, people set new life goals for themselves.These proposed milestones can be exceptionally wide ranging, from physical health and fitness to financial. It is a great time to do so, but it can be difficult to even get them on paper, much less plan out and work on.Below are some ideas on how to make your list, focus it, and act on it to help you make the progress you are looking for!Be sure to check out last years Employee Assistance Program January 2018 blog postfor more ideas on kick starting a healthy year. Active Timescreated agreat starting point for picking manageable goals. For help making fitness specific goals, check out this fitness goals blog post. For other health tips, check out this post on New Year's health goals.Here's to a happy and successful 2019!
You can find First Night information related to parking and traffic restrictions below.
We're looking for artists, architects, and designersto take a photo of Boston City Halls exterior and redesign it in a waythat you think would take the building to the next level. We are looking for original and creative ideas.We'll select 15 images to be printed and framed for display in the Mayors Gallery on the 5th floor of Boston City Hall for the month of February, and artists can keep their images once the exhibit ends.To be considered for this exhibition, please email the following to John Crowley at john.crowley@boston.gov:The deadline to submit artwork is January 20, 2019.
As a regular consumer of school food, she provided a valuable perspective on what its like to eat school lunch in Boston. Also present at the meeting were FoodCorps members serving in schools across Boston, staff from the Office of Food Access, and a representative from Action for Boston Community Development.One concern that the BLS student identified was the time crunch that students feel while eating lunch. Students at Boston Latin only have 20 minutes to eat, which many students feel is way too short. Students who choose to eat school lunch are sometimes seen running through the hallways to get a good spot in the lunch line. Faced with this stressful situation, many students choose to bring food from home or skip lunch entirely.As a FoodCorps service member at the Tobin School, I have witnessed this problem firsthand. Students, especially younger ones, often struggle to open packages and use utensils. Their slow eating speed paired with the limited time allotted for lunch means that many students dont get to eat as much as they would like to. Lunch period length is an important factor to consider when we think about improving school meals. This conversation reminded me that making school lunch more enjoyable is about much more than just the food we must also consider all of the other factors that shape the school lunch experience.Another topic of conversation was building awareness around universal free school meals in Boston. Though breakfast and lunch have been at no cost to BPS families since 2013, families who are new to the district may not be aware of this great resource. The group brainstormed ways to get the word out about free breakfast and lunch. Toward the end of the meeting, we decided that Class Dojo, a school-based social media platform, would be a good way to communicate with parents about school food.The new year will bring more fruitful BOSFoodLove discussions. We are excited to plan more events and continue engaging with BPS students and families!This post was written by Amanda Friedman, FoodCorpsAmeriCorps Service Member at the Maurice J. Tobin School.
It was the second BOSFoodLove coalition meeting and the group spent the evening brainstorming ways to make school food more aligned with the preferences of parents and students. By the end of the night, several shared concerns had been identified.Staff members who spent their days in the cafeteria were concerned about the waste produced at the end of every lunch period: Could anything be done with leftover food? A student described some communication barriers between staff and students, prompting the group to wonder how cafeteria staff could better navigate these communications challenges. Other ideas included more variety in school meals to keep things exciting, and creating better channels for communication to parents and guardians about school meals.Several attendees expressed gratitude for some exciting changes that had already occurred, like a new salad bar at both the Otis and the Umana. As the meeting drew to a close, the group was asked to reflect and share one of their hopes for the future of school food in Boston.As a FoodCorps service member at the Umana Academy, I spend several hours a week teaching lessons about healthy food and spending time with students in the cafeteria. It was touching to see members of my school community voice their commitment to creating the best possible cafeteria environment for the students. Im looking forward to the next BOSFoodLove meeting at the Umana on December 17in the auditorium, and Im excited to hear from a wide range of staff, student and family voices. We all care about the health of students in our community, and we will keep striving to provide them with the best foundation for success.This post was written by AnnemarieNoll, FoodCorpsAmeriCorps Service Member at theMario UmanaAcademy K-8 School.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structurelocated at 123-125 Centre Street in Dorchester, MA 02124.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on December 30, 2018.
"The Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD) channeled over $14 million to more than 100 local organizations that provided job training, education, career coaching, English instruction, youth programs, and apprenticeship opportunities to Boston residents from July 2017 to June 2018, according to thenewly-released Fiscal Year 2018 OWD Annual Report.""All Boston residents deserve the opportunity to participate in our city's growing economy,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Office of Workforce Development has carved pathways for workers to develop their talents, practice job-specific skills, and advance in the workforce. Through programs like these, we will continue to create opportunities for everyone in our city.""""This year's annual report shows how much we can accomplish through partnership and innovative thinking,"" said Trinh Nguyen, Director of the Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD). ""Over the past year, we've worked with nonprofits, public sector institutions, and private companies to create a variety of different career ladders for hard-working Bostonians.""The report,FY18 Annual Report: A Better Boston for Everyone, features many of the different participants who strengthen Boston's workforce development system, including employers, workers, students, researchers, and public servants. Also highlighted are several new OWD initiatives of the past fiscal year:The report also includes results of ongoing programs. For example, the Boston Tax Help Coalition - a division of OWD - provided free tax preparation services that returned $24 million in refunds to more than 12,000 workers in Fiscal Year 2018. The MassHire Career Centers in Boston, under OWD's financial oversight, served more than 15,000 job seekers with such career services as workshops, networking events, and job fairs. Those clients placed in jobs earned an average wage of $21.61 per hour.Che Robinson is a Mattapan resident who started a new career this year as part of the facilities maintenance technician apprenticeship with WinnResidential.""I have been trying to get in jobs like this for a while,"" said Robinson. ""But I didn't have enough experience. I was getting overlooked.""In his apprenticeship, he's able to earn a living wage and benefits while picking up new skills in areas ranging from HVAC to carpentry to electrical - skills he hopes to share with his teenage son.""The possibilities are on me and how far I want to take it,"" said Robinson. ""That's why I'm excited.""OWD is an affiliate of the Boston Planning & Development Agency.TheMayor's Office of Workforce Development(OWD) is an innovative agency within the Boston Planning & Development Agency that seeks to ensure the full participation of all Boston residents in the city's economic vitality and future. The OWD funds and oversees programs that promote workforce development through education, jobs training, apprenticeships, financial coaching, career pathways, literacy initiatives, and the like. Please visitOWD.Boston.Govto learn more about the OWD's work."
The Digital Team has been busy this fall and winter, and so has the City. We launched an important campaign around the new plastic bag ordinance in Boston. Before this years big midterm election, we had another successful early voting campaign. The City released new designs around developing for resiliency in the face of climate change. And  oh yeah  the Red Sox won the World Series.You can learn more about our recent efforts, and more, below.We know that single-use plastic bags have an impact on the environment. They often end up in City streets and gutters, abandoned lots, and even in trees. On December 14, the City's plastic bag ordinance went into effect. Retailers can now only keep in stock recyclable paper bags, compostable bags, and reusable bags.We partnered with the Environment Department and Inspectional Services to develop a communications plan to keep residents informed. Over the past few months, weve been pushing out helpful tips and reminders about the ordinance through social and traditional media, including billboards. You may have seen our signs posted near registers across the City. On Boston.gov, you can learn about the basics and see answers to common questions on our reducing plastic bags page. Businesses can also learn about exemption information.We were amazed to see the enthusiasm of voters in 2018s record-breaking, off-year election. During the states early voting period, more than half a million people voted early across the state, with more than 28,000 early voters in Boston.These numbers were still short of the early voting statistics in 2016. In the 2016 presidential election year, one million residents voted early across the state, with 48,000 voting early in Boston. But, on a percentage basis, we stayed consistent with our 2016 turnout numbers across the state, and even gained slightly in Boston. You can play around with this state turnout map to see the differences between 2016 and 2018.Thanks to the initial work we did with our 2016 early voting campaign, we were able to easily repurpose social media graphics and signage for the midterm election. Working with the Election Department, we updated our early voting how-to page, and got the updated schedule and locations on Boston.gov. During the early voting period, we had more than 80,000 pageviews on Boston.gov just for our early voting information.Weve all seen the effects of climate change in Boston, including hotter summers and flooding during winter storms, nor'easters, and King Tides. The City is paying attention, and preparing for the short- and long-term impacts of climate change. In the fall, Public Works and the Environment Department built pages on Boston.gov focused on building a more resilient Boston.For Public Works, the focus was on climate resilient design guidelines. The guidelines offer a design process for evaluating and creating flood barriers that protect the public right-of-way. You can download the full guidelines on their page. You can also preview sample drawings of protective barriers, and offer your feedback. Public Works plans to turn these guidelines into a living document on Boston.gov, with updates that address revised climate projections and new projects.As part of the resiliency effort, the Environment Department created its Resilient Boston Harbor website. On the page, you can view maps and images that lay out a comprehensive vision of coastal resilience. The materials highlight areas where we can invest in our neighborhoods, waterfront, and open spaces. Resilient Boston Harbor focuses on four key flooding areas in the City:In addition to Resilient Boston Harbor, the Environment staff published information about flooding tips and resources in the fall. These pages include information about flood insurance, hazard areas, and more. Thanks to the Environment team, you can now find a slew of information on Boston.gov related to flood preparation and recovery.Following in the footsteps of Preservation Month, two new pages were created on Boston.gov dedicated to month-long events.First, we helped the Latinx Employee Resource Group at the City build a page for National Hispanic Heritage Month, which takes place from September 15 - October 15. The website featured events that celebrate the history and culture of Latinos around the City of Boston.To recognize September as National Recovery Month, the City created the Mayors Recovery Month Book Club. This was a joint effort by the Offices of Arts and Culture and Recovery Services, as well as the Boston Public Library. During the month, the City hosted group reads and author talks featuring books focused on substance use and addiction recovery.For the second time since we launched Boston.gov, we got to create another page after a big win from one of our local pro teams. This time, it was the Red Sox getting it done, beating the Los Angeles Dodgers in five games for their ninth World Series title. As with the Patriots last Super Bowl victory, we quickly created a page for the Red Sox parade to keep residents informed about what to expect.Staff all over City Hall worked together to push out our information about the prepare route, parking and traffic restrictions, and more. Aside from our social media outreach, we had close to 90,000 pageviews in just a few days for just this one parade page.
"Under the direction of Chief of Economic Development John Barros, Urtubey will continue implementation of the2016 Citywide Small Business Planto ensure that Boston is an attractive and accessible place for small businesses to grow and thrive. Barrios-Millner will oversee the newly created Inclusion and Equity Unit, which leads the implementation of theEconomic Inclusion and Equity Agendato create access to opportunity for women and people of color by focusing city policy on income and employment, wealth creation, business development, and economic mobility.""Ensuring a thriving, equitable economy that benefits all Bostonians has always been a top priority for this administration. Since creating the Economic Development office in 2014, we have been able to foster economic inclusion and equity by eliminating barriers and creating opportunities for residents to build wealth and a sustainable future here in the City of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Through Natalia's leadership and creativity on Imagine Boston 2030, andCelina's breadth of knowledge and successful policy track record, I am very confident these two units will work hand-in-hand on implementing smart, innovative policy and remain strong advocates for opportunity for all Boston residents and businesses.""Through initiatives aimed at supporting small businesses and neighborhood wealth creation, the Small Business Unit works with small businesses throughout the city via direct services and a strong partnership with theBoston Main Streets Foundationand its 20 neighborhood-based 501(c)3 organizations. Urtubey will manage and oversee the distributionfor over $3 million in small business resources under the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Program, over $3 million in investment in small businesses within and outside of the 20 Main Streets Districts, and direct andimplement Mayor Walsh's 2016 Small Business Plan to provide coordinated service delivery and economic opportunity for Boston's 40,000 small businesses.Previously, Urtubey served as the Executive Director ofImagine Boston 2030, working to implement the first citywide planning process in over 50 years, and was responsible for ensuring it was representative of Boston residents' vision and concerns. In this role, Urtubey was instrumental in keeping the process visible and accessible to all Bostonians, bringing community leaders together, and identifying opportunities for collaboration. Originally from Colombia, Urtubey helped launch the City's first Latinx Employee Resource Group.""The work of our Equity and Inclusion Unit is not only key to achieving a just society, but it's also a strategic imperative for our economy. Boston is growing, and the workCelinawill be leading is essential to ensuring shared prosperity in every corner of our city,"" said Chief John F. Barros. I look forward to strategically shaping these two units' work to ensure broad, sustainable economic inclusion and believeCelinaand Natalia will work side-by-side to create access and implement smart policies.""Originally from Venezuela, Barrios-Millner most recently led Immigrant Integration efforts for the City of Boston where she provided strategic direction to departments to ensure that immigrant residents and their needs are at the forefront of policy and program design. Previously, she led Partnership Development for the State Office of Minority and Women Business Assistance (SOMWBA) to generate business opportunities and resources for certified woman (WBE) and minority-owned businesses (MBE).Created in 2014, the Mayor's Office of Economic Development is a one-stop resource for all businesses in the City of Boston, which promotes policies that help businesses grow while fostering economic inclusion and equity. Divided into three focus areas, the office also includes the Business Strategy Unit, which is focused on attracting, engaging, and retaining global organizations and partnerships, as well as managing and expanding Boston's light industrial and manufacturing sector. Milestones include the development of the city's first everEconomic Inclusion and Equity Agenda, publication of the city's firstSmall Business Report, launch of theSmall Business Resource Center, passage of an updatedBoston Residents Job Policywith elevated develop standard for hiring and building in Boston, and newNeighborhood Business Access Loans.The Economic Development Cabinet includes the Boston Planning and Development Agency, Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment, the Office of Consumer Affairs and Licensing, and the Office of Workforce Development. Together, these offices work together to ensure Boston an appealing and accessible place for working families, entrepreneurs, businesses, and investors to innovate, grow, and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for Bostonians and the experience for all visitors."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, along with the Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) and The Fallon Company, today announced that GrubStreet has been selected to operate 13,166 square feet of civic/cultural space at 50 Liberty at Fan Pier on the South Boston Waterfront. GrubStreet, the largest creative writing center in the country, will create a literary destination with year-round programming to serve a wide range of residents from across Boston and the region. By agreement of the BPDA and 50 Liberty LLC, an affiliate of The Fallon Company, GrubStreet will receive a $25 per square foot construction allowance -- totaling $329,150 toward improvements to the space.In addition, Cross Cultural Collective (C3), a black arts collaborative that elevates, celebrates, and promotes African diasporic arts and their creators in Boston, has been conditionally selected by the Mayor's Office, BPDA and W/S Development to operate a space designated for civic and cultural use on the South Boston Waterfront. The designation of this space is contingent upon reaching specific planning milestones set out by The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture in consultation with C3. The City of Boston has offered to support C3 with $150,000 in technical assistance over the next two years, as it builds capacity and resources in preparation to operate a cultural space.""Both GrubStreet and C3 will bring innovative cultural destinations to our waterfront that will create access to new opportunities for Boston's residents and visitors,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The work of these organizations will help fulfill our mission to create a diverse, welcoming Seaport for all.""GrubStreet plans to build a narrative arts center at 50 Liberty featuring a bookstore, cafe and community space for writers, a podcast studio, as well as classrooms to expand GrubStreet's workshops. It will also feature an event space for readings, slam poetry, storytelling events, and shows that combine words with music and dance. GrubStreet serves students of all ages and backgrounds through classes in their current downtown location, as well as in neighborhoods including Dorchester, Roxbury, Mattapan, and East Boston. This new location will allow the non-profit organization to expand its programming and activate a space for collaboration by students of all ages and backgrounds.""We're grateful to the city for recognizing the importance of storytelling, writing, and reading to our culture. We look forward to this exciting leap forward and to building a dynamic new site for literary and cultural creation and gathering,"" said Eve Bridburg, GrubStreet's Founder and Executive Director.""As an innovative leader in its category, with a strong reputation for transforming the local writing community and contributing to the national literary conversation, GrubStreet is a welcome addition to Fan Pier,"" said Joseph F. Fallon, President & CEO of The Fallon Company. ""We look forward to the launch of the new narrative arts center at 50 Liberty, which will support the civic and cultural community in the neighborhood and the City.""C3 plans to create a multipurpose center for arts and cultures of the African Diaspora with programming and resources for artists of the diaspora. C3 is currently in negotiation with the City about occupying a 5,000 square foot space. The $150,000 in technical assistance from the City of Boston will support the formation of a non profit entity, completion of an organization/strategic plan, completion of a space development/facilities plan, completion of a fundraising plan, and progress made toward fundraising goals.""We very much look forward to holding future talks with the City as we continue to shape and build our Collective, our vision, and physical center for African diasporic arts on the water's edge,"" said Ashleigh Gordon, member of C3. ""We are excited for what's to come and what we are able to accomplish with the City's support.""The selection of GrubStreet and C3 follows a public and transparent process to select civic or cultural users to activate available spaces in ways that serve a diverse population. Following the release of a Request for Ideas (RFI) in January 2018, the BPDA received eight proposals, and in April hosted an open house where the top four respondents presented their proposals to the public. The selection process is modeled after an effort completed in 2015 when the Society of Arts and Crafts was selected as operator of similar space provided at Pier 4.The selection committee represented multiple departments across the City and considered criteria including public comment letters, the ability of the respondent to create a welcoming space that serves a diverse population, and access to the financial resources to build-out and operate space year-round.The announcement builds on Mayor Walsh'sBoston Creates Cultural Plan, a ten-year city initiative designed to align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long-term, and weave arts and culture into the fabric of everyday life. Since the launch of Boston Creates in 2016, Mayor Walsh has committed to leading the implementation of the plan by building City resources for arts and culture and creating the necessary partnerships to address the critical needs identified through the planning process. The full cultural plan can be found online athttp://plan.bostoncreates.org.50 Liberty is a residential condominium building with 120 residential units and retail, restaurant and civic/cultural space on Fan Pier on the South Boston Waterfront. The civic/cultural space consists of 5,000 square feet on the southeast corner of the first floor of the building, with the remaining square footage on the second floor."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the automotive structureat 603 Dorchester Avenue (2-6 Boston Street) in South Boston 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on December 27, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structure at 77 Dix Streetin Dorchester 02122.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on December 27, 2018.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Porsha Olayiwola has been appointed as the City of Boston's new Poet Laureate, a role she will formally begin on January 1, 2019.""Porsha's eagerness to enhance the City of Boston through poetry, along with her commitment to increasing access to the arts in every neighborhood, make her an incredible asset,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm excited to see her vision of how we can use arts to facilitate inclusive and welcoming conversations across the City come to life over the next four years.""A Jamaica Plain resident, Olayiwola is the Artistic Director at MassLEAP, a literary nonprofit organization in Massachusetts serving youth artists. She also co-founded The House Slam, a poetry slam venue at the Haley House Bakery Caf in Roxbury that offers a free poetry slam and open mic events twice a month.""I am eager and humbled to serve as Boston's Poet Laureate,"" said Olayiwola. ""I am excited to work directly with writers across the City's poetry spectrum to provide resources and build bridges between creative communities. With the City, I am looking to establish a youth Poet Laureate program, develop residential and workspace for writers and weave poetry into the everyday lives of Bostonians. Please look out for me in a library, classroom, lecture hall, City Hall, living room or street corner in the years to come!""The Poet Laureate program, established in 2008, is a way to highlight literary arts and promote a citywide appreciation for poetry. The Poet Laureate's challenge is to inspire deeper engagement in the written and spoken word, while acting as an advocate for poetry, language and the arts. The Poet Laureate is charged with raising the status of poetry in the everyday consciousness of Bostonians, which she does by attending public readings, civic functions, and poetry events. The Poet Laureate serves a four-year term.The City of Boston released a call for applications and nominations for the new Poet Laureate in June 2018. Olayiwola was selected by a distinguished search committee, which included:""What a pleasure to know that the Boston Poet Laureate Program will be in good hands with the deeply thoughtful and splendidly dynamic Porsha Olayiwola,"" said current Poet Laureate Danielle Legros Georges. ""Her willingness to take on challenging subject matter and to carve out new spaces of discourse for poetry-along with her rootedness in spoken-word literary traditions-make her an especially exciting and necessary new Laureate for Boston.""""Porsha's extensive experience working with youth is something the City considers to be extremely valuable, as we continue to work toward making arts education and arts-enhanced learning available to all Bostonians, in all stages of their lives,"" said Kara Elliott-Ortega, Chief of Arts and Culture. ""She is on par with fierce, nationally-recognized voices like Clint Smith, Shauna Barbosa, and Danez Smith, and we can't wait to work with her.""Olayiwola has received numerous recognitions and awards, including being named the 2014 Individual World Poetry Slam Champion and 2015 National Poetry Slam Champion. In 2018, she was named by GK100 as one of Boston's Most Influential People of Color.Originally from Chicago, Olayiwola moved to Boston in 2010 following the completion of her bachelor's degree in African American Studies from the University of Illinois. She is currently an MFA Candidate at Emerson College, and has a full-length collection of poetry forthcoming in 2019 with Button Poetry."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Police Commissioner William Gross, in collaboration with physicians and medical professionals, today announced a coordinated gun buyback day will take place insix locations across BostononSaturday, December 15 from 10 a.m. - 4 p.m. The day marks a remembrance of the victims of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting, which happened six years ago on December 14. The ""Piece for Peace"" program aims to bring attention to the devastating toll that unneeded and unsecured guns can have on individuals and the public at large, and provides the opportunity for people to turn in unwanted guns and ammunition, no questions asked.Boston Police Department's gun buyback program, ""Piece for Peace,"" is a proactive campaign to take guns off Boston's streets organized in collaboration with Mass General Hospital for Children and the Massachusetts General Physicians Organization. The buyback program asks city residents to turn-in guns at designated drop-off locations citywide in return for a $100 Target gift card. The ""no questions asked"" program allows individuals to anonymously dispose of firearms without fear of charges for illegal possession when turning in the weapon. For locations and information on the Boston Police Department's gun buyback efforts this weekend, please visit bpdnews.com.""This One Day Buy Back is a unique event in that it strengthens the bridge between the city, public safety, and the health community around gun violence. Street violence and gun suicides are issues that touch all facets of the community and are a shared responsibility,"" said Commissioner Gross. ""By participating in this regional buy back, we provide an opportunity for family members to get guns out of their houses, and off the streets, with no questions asked. We are all playing an important role in this fight against gun violence. I've said it before, but one gun off the street is one gun out of the hands of a kid in our community and possibly one life saved.""Medical professionals have joined this initiative in an effort to decrease youth violence and take guns off the streets by raising funds within their local healthcare organizations, and hosting buyback days throughout Massachusetts.""As I pediatric trauma surgeon, I often see the deadly effects of gun access and and the toll it takes on victims, their families and those who treat them,"" says Peter Masiakos, director of pediatric trauma services at MassGeneral Hospital for Children and co-founder of the MGH Gun Violence Prevention Coalition. ""Working together, physicians and political leaders have a responsibility to address the public health crisis that is gun violence. This gun buyback that is made possible by the the forward thinking actions of the Boston Police Department and Mayor Walsh is an opportunity to safely rid homes and streets on unwanted weapons. If just one life is spared whether it is by preventing a suicide or or an unintentional shooting that happens when a child finds an unsecured gun in a closet, this event will have been successful.""Since the beginning of the program in 2014, the Boston Police Department has collected 601 guns that have been turned in through gun buybacks facilitated through the Piece for Peace program. So far in 2018, the BPD has confiscated over 645 illegal firearms and hopes that Boston city residents will take advantage of this one-day program to increase that total, and in turn, increase the safety of our city.The following procedure must be followed in order to receive amnesty for possession of a gun and to receive a gift certificate. If the protocol is followed, the person dropping off the firearm will not be prosecuted for unlawful possession of that specific firearm. Amnesty - however - will not be promised or given for any other crime committed with that firearm or for any other crime committed while in possession of that firearm."
The Boston Transportation Department is hosting Riding through Winter Forums to share tips and strategies for bicycling around Boston during the winter months. The forums are meant to bring together a community of residents interested in continuing to cycle in cold weather conditions. Together, they can ask questions and share whats worked for them.At last count, over 40,000 bike trips per day were taken at key locations in Boston, said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. The BTD team works to plan and design bike infrastructure that will attract even more riders aligned with our Go Boston 2030 goals. These forums will help encourage residents to take advantage of our growing bike network all year long.Each forum includes a guided discussion of common concerns. BTD staff will share tips and source ideas from attendees on how to dress for very cold days, the best strategies for biking during darkness and winter-specific bike maintenance, among other topics. Tips include:We want to help socialize the fact that most people can continue to bike in Boston throughout the winter, said City of Boston Active Transportation Director Stefanie Seskin. The forums are a great way to connect with other bicyclists and feel supported, whether youre trying winter riding for the first time or youve been at it for years.The forums are free of charge and open to the public. Upcoming forums are scheduled to take place:The City of Boston Public Works Department works to provide safe access for bicyclists during the winter months.During any major snowstorm, the City of Boston appreciates the patience of our residents regardingsnow removal efforts and we encourage residents to utilize 311 fornon-emergency related inquiries.Bluebikes, the regional bike share system owned jointly by the municipalities of Boston, Brookline, Cambridge and Somerville, remains open during the winter months, although with fewer docking stations. Since 2011, more than 8 million trips have been taken on Bluebikes. Information on the system is available at: www.bluebikes.com .More information about riding a bike in Boston can be found at boston.gov/departments/boston-bikes#boston-by-bikeMore information about Go Boston 2030 can be found at https://www.boston.gov/news/go-boston-2030-vision-and-action-plan-released
People coming into the City for the events are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Friday, December 14The Massachusetts National Guard Toy Drive Ruck March for the Dana Farber Cancer Institute will begin at 7 AM at #495 Summer Street in South Boston. An estimated 90 participants will proceed on Summer Street, left onto Surface Road, right onto Kneeland Street, continuing onto Stuart Street, right onto Charles Street South, left onto Park Plaza, right onto Berkeley Street, left onto Commonwealth Avenue, left onto Brookline Avenue, ending at Jimmy Fund Way/Dana Farber Cancer Institute. Most of the March will take place on sidewalks, but traffic may be briefly delayed at intersections along the route through 12 PM.Sunday, December 16The Boston Tea Party Ships & Museum Rolling Rally will begin at 7:30 PM at the Old South Meeting House at #310 Washington Street in Downtown Boston. An estimated 1,200 participants will march from Washington Street, left onto Milk Street, right onto Pearl Street, left onto Atlantic Avenue, and proceed right onto the Harborwalk near the Intercontinental Hotel. Drivers should expect brief traffic delays along the route through 8 PM.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structurelocated at 11 Clare Avenue in Roslindale,MA 02131.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on December 22, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential structurelocated at 398 Bremen Street in East Boston,MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on December 21, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received an application to demolish the residential buildinglocated at 244 Humboldt Avenue in Dorchester,MA 02121.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on December 20, 2018.
"The first woman of color to serve on the Boston City Council, she will now transition to the 7th Congressional District, becoming the first Black woman to represent Massachusetts in Congress.Congresswoman-Elect Pressley served on the City Council for nearly a decade, and, as her colleague Councilor Edwards noted, has broken through glass ceilings. Remembering the lead-up to her first election, Pressley recalled struggling with the thought of running for City Councilor At-Large, and it wasnt until she realized how many young girls needed her to fight for them, that she decided to run to for the seat.Holding back tears she said, I wanted to fight for girls, not be their voice, but to lift up their voices, their stories, their struggles, and their ideas to create room and space and dignity for them at the policy table and in committee hearings. I made a vow to myself to listen and to value their voices and lived experiences, to push and to demand more from government, to develop gender specific and responsive programming and policies and protocols, and I made the decision to run for an at-large Boston City Council seat to do exactly that.She followed up saying, Admittedly, many, in public and private, offered that I wasn't ready, I didnt know enough, I wasnt from here and that saving girls wasnt the job of a Boston City Councilor, but rather a mission statement for a non-profit. And we proved them wrong.Fellow Council members offered her praise, support, and well wishes as they said their goodbyes.Council President Campbell said, I have a grown, as a human being and as a Councilor, because of your leadership. It is not lost on me that you paved the way for each and every one of us to be here. I appreciate you I thank you for your service.Before reminiscing on how he met Pressley and how they became friends, Councilor OMalley said, You have given so much to this City, to this Commonwealth, and now to this Country.Councilor Tim McCarthy thanked Pressley for representing Boston and reflected on the history of firsts on the Council during her tenure. He expressed excitement that she would now be the first Boston City Councilor to go to Congress. You are now my Congresswoman and Im proud to say that.Councilor Frank Baker showed his appreciation for Pressleys partnership on different issues in Dorchester, and reminded her to continue doing the work shes been doing, hold her head up high and just be her.Through tears, Councilor Janey said, Youve been unapologetic in your fight for Black people, in your fight for people of color, in your fight for immigrants, in your fight for women, in your fight for children, and its been wonderful to see your evolution. She then joked with Pressley saying, Youre trading in the six leading ladies on the Council for your new squad, referring to Congresswomen-Elect Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez and Rashida Tlaib, who were present in the Council Chamber.Councilor Essaibi-George continued the teasing, pointing at Ocasio-Cortez and Tlaib saying, I dont like them. Watching all this on Twitter, and these girl photoshoots, thinking they have your back - no! We have your back! She continued with, We got to know each other and we developed this wonderful bond and this wonderful friendship. It is the greatest gift you have given me.Councilor Edwards followed her leading ladies with, The few moments where I think about the great ones or the ones who set legacy, I know that they are called many many names. Youre officially Councilor Pressley, you are officially Congresswoman-Elect Pressley, you go by A.P for a lot of folks, for me - you are the great destroyer of glass ceilings. You are the one that says, Why not us? everywhere you go, and because of you I am, Kim is, Andrea is, Michelle is, this Body is - a better, more perfect body.Councilor Flynn said, We are proud of her. Proud of her legacy in supporting people that dont have a voice in government or in society - the poor, the homeless, the immigrant community and the hungry. Im proud to call Councilor Pressley a friend. I know she will fight for all the residents of the districts and Commonwealth everyday. We could not have a better Congresswoman.Causing much laughter in the Council Chamber, Councilor Zakim said, Allow me to rise to be the first one to say I am thrilled that Councilor Pressley is leaving the Boston City Council and going to D.C and I will tell you why. For the first time in the five years that Ive been on the City Council, I finally have a chance to be my wifes favorite City Councilor. He described Pressley as a trailblazer, advocate, champion, and as courageous, bold, fearless, gracious, generous, and persistent.Gesturing to the photo of her mother that Pressley has brought with her to every Council session, Councilor Flaherty said, We know how close you were to your mom and know that you continue to draw on her strength. The first person you will think of when you get sworn in will be your mom and her influence on you. Continue to do what you do, continue to advocate to the best of your ability, and keep remembering and listening to your mom and bring your mom to D.C.Councilor Wu, I am one of hundreds if not thousands of women, young people, candidates to [walk] in your footsteps, that you have opened the door for. I would not be sitting in this seat without your courage and conviction over your entire career.Congresswoman-Elect Pressley closed her farewell speech paraphrasing an affirmation that she revisits daily, from ""The Presidents Devotionals: The Daily Readings That Inspired President Obama,"" entitled ""A Gentle Battle.""Everyday we awaken to a gentle battle and we must decide if we will go in the direction of worry, of weariness, and indifference, or if we will go in the direction of joy, of peace, of equality, and justice. Of all the negotiations and decisions of our day, this gentle battle is the most important. As soldiers, in what direction will we march? How shall our minds be focused?Looking to each of her fellow Councilors, she closed, I hope that all of you will continue winning that gentle battle, because we need you. Thank you for the honor of serving with you."
"The program teaches over 600 children ages 6-16 sportsmanship, athletic ability and academics through teamwork, coaching and mentoring provided by volunteer role models. Through the years, student athletes have developed high self-esteem, confidence and a greater appreciation for the importance of athletics and education.Councilors Campbell and McCarthy recognized and honored Coach Robert Crawford of No Books No Ball for leading The Blazers to the PeeWee Division Championship. Coach Crawford, a Boston resident from Mattapan, grew up in the No Books No Ball program, and as an adult, joined the program as a coach.Tony Richards Jr., son of Founder Tony Richards Sr. said, We teach kids athletics, but academics first, which is very important. We have an intentional focus on making sure theyre making good grades in the classroom.""Councilor McCarthy also presented the athletes with a resolution for their victory and successful season.For more information on No Books No Ball and how you can register a young athlete for the program, visit the No Books No Ball Facebook page."
The mission of the Josiah Quincy Orchestra Program is to ensure the long-term social and musical success of their students, and to positively impact them and their families through high-quality music education and performance.Councilor Flynn, who introduced the students before their performance, said, These students are doing a great job with their orchestra and this program helps so many children develop the skills necessary to succeed in school and in music, noting, our arts [are] bringing us together.As a former violinist, Councilor Wu said, I know how hard this is and I was not playing at this age, so kudos to the teaching fellows and the staff for not just teaching the students about music and how to play the instruments, but for [teaching them] skills that set them up in life, and for instilling such a love for learning and being in school.For a list of events where you can see the Josiah Quincy Orchestra Program, visit theJosiah Quincywebsite.
Curious about a digital career? Interested in government service? Want to make a difference for the City of Boston?Well, good news! The Digital Team is now accepting applications for its summer fellowship program. This summer, we need help with projects related to:We have more information about our fellowship, and how to apply, on our summer fellowship page. You can also jump right to our online application.Want to get a better idea of what you could be doing as a fellow? We highlighted some of the work our summer fellows performed in 2018 below:Through user research, Jiaorui was able to figure out why some visitors become confused when navigating the tourist attraction. She then helped design and test signage for visitors that unified the 16 sites along the trail through one common brand. With her help, we were able to sketch out a more useful wayfinding system for tourists. Working with the Freedom Trail Foundation, well be able to make use of these suggestions as they update the Trails presence in the City.Why build a content library of social media posts? Because they benefit departments across the City. Our content library is a resource of evergreen content  information that is useful year-round. Staff members are able to easily push out information without wasting time. Some great examples of evergreen content include all of our winter and emergency information. The City can now quickly publish posts about storms and floods while also handling public safety issues.Carolines redesigned page would surface resources and services based on a users address. She wanted to set up a system to help people navigate City information and services in a more personalized way. As part of her work, Caroline tested her prototype at eight different events inside and outside of City Hall. Thanks to her work, we are getting ready to develop this application starting in the new year.By breaking up the Imagine Boston 2030 report into relevant sections, Molly added a narrative flow to the overall page. Now, a person can explore the site based on their interests to help get a better understanding of the Citys plan for the future. Aside from this project, Molly helped Food Access with new program pages targeting low-income families. She also added numerous events to the Citys calendar, and helped manage the day-to-day maintenance of Boston.gov.After launching ourdeath certificates online purchasing application, we wanted to explore the potential for birth certificates. While it might seem easy, birth certificates have their own specific considerations. The process just isnt as straightforward as death certificates. As part of his project, Wes developed a product plan and built a workflow for the future. His efforts helped create a foundation for the project that we are building on today.
Special events taking place on Saturday, December 8, and Sunday, December 9, will impact traffic and parking in Boston. People coming into the City for the events are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Saturday and Sunday, December 8 and December 9Stuart Street, between Tremont Street and Washington Street, will be closed for construction purposes from 12:01 AM on Saturday, December 8, through 11:59 PM on Sunday, December 9. The detour routes are as follows.Saturday, December 8The SSRun will begin at 1 PM at #903 Boylston Street in the Back Bay. An estimated 700 runners will proceed on Boylston Street eastbound, turn left onto Berkeley Street, left onto Newbury Street, left onto Gloucester Street, left onto Boylston, and end at #903. Traffic delays should be expected on streets along the route through approximately 1:45 PM. In addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 6 AM to 4 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Sunday, December 9The North End Christmas Parade will form on Commercial Street at Puopolo Park with the parade beginning at 1 PM. The parade route is Commercial Street from North Street, left onto Lewis Street, right onto Commercial Street, right onto Commercial Street, right onto Richmond Street, straight onto Parmenter Street, right onto Salem Street, right onto Charter Street, right onto Hanover Street, right onto Cross Street, right onto Endicott Street, right onto Causeway Street, right onto Prince Street, left onto Hanover Street, left onto Commercial Street, ending at Puopolo Park. Traffic delays should be expected along the route.Walters Run will begin at 11 AM at the YMCA, #15 Bellevue Street in West Roxbury. An estimated 400 runners will proceed to Centre Street, left onto Centre Street, right onto Mt. Vernon Street, right onto Grayfield Street, left onto Corey Street, left onto Dwinell Street, left onto Addington Road, left onto Lagrange Street, to Linnet Street, right onto Emmonsdale Road, left onto Tennyson Street, left onto Bellevue Street, finishing at the YMCA. Traffic delays should be expected on streets along the route.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application to demolish the library structure located at 690 Adams Street in Dorchester,MA 02122.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on December 15, 2018.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Boston Housing Authority (BHA), and the Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) today celebrated the groundbreaking of the O'Connor Way Senior Housing Development. Caritas Communities and the South Boston Neighborhood Development Corporation will co-develop 46 one-bedroom units of affordable housing for adults age 62 and older on donated Boston Housing Authority land.""This is a great day for the people of South Boston. As the city grows, it's critically important that our older adults and long-time residents have the chance to stay and thrive in the communities where they have lived for much of their lives,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This development will secure that opportunity for dozens of our residents.""O'Connor Way Senior Housing will be built on a lot that has been vacant for over 50 years adjacent to the Mary Ellen McCormack Development. The development will include 24 units for households at or below 60 percent of Area Median Income (AMI), which is around $45,300 for a single person, and 22 units for households at or below 30 percent of AMI,which is around $22,650 for a single person. There will also befully accessible units set aside.The $20.8 millionprojectwas funded in part through the Inclusionary Development Program (IDP) contributions from the 150 Seaport Boulevard and Pier 4 development projects on the South Boston Waterfront, andfinanced by the Low-Income Housing Tax Credit program. Other funders include MassDevelopment, Rockland Trust Corp., and TD Bank.The property will also include a community room, a laundry room, a management office, and a patio. The building will be sustainable at a LEED Silver certifiable level, and the apartments will be supplemented with onsite property management staff, as well as scheduled support services from the South Boston Neighborhood House. In addition, the BHA is providing 22 project-based vouchers to provide long-term subsidies for very low-income units.""I am proud to celebrate the groundbreaking of the O'Connor Way Senior Housing Development, which will be the future home for senior residents,"" said BHA Administrator William McGonagle. ""This project takes a vacant lot and transforms it into safe, affordable housing for 46 residents, and will serve the South Boston community for years to come.""""South Boston has a tremendous need for affordable housing for the elderly, especially as high demand puts upward pressure on the cost of rent,"" said Donna Brown, executive director of South Boston Neighborhood Development Corporation. ""O'Connor Way Senior Housing will provide an opportunity for our seniors to continue to live here, in our community, with the resources they need.We are grateful to have had strong support from the City of Boston through the Boston Housing Authority and the Boston Planning & Development Agency, as well as the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, to begin this project.""""We are proud to be a co-developer of this exciting and much needed housing effort,"" said Mark Winkeller, executive director of Caritas Communities. ""This is our third partnership with the South Boston Neighborhood Development Corporation. When O'Connor Way is complete, our partnership will have created 87 units of affordable housing at three South Boston locations.""The construction is expected to generate over 40 full-time jobs by its completion in February 2020.Boston Housing Authority (BHA) provides affordable housing to more than 58,000 residents in and around the City of Boston. Residents are assisted through a combination of public housing and federal and state voucher subsidy programs that provide a wide variety of housing opportunities. As the largest public housing authority in New England, the BHA houses close to 9 percent of the city's residents. Our mission is to provide stable, quality affordable housing for low and moderate income persons to deliver these services with integrity and mutual accountability and to create living environments which serve as catalysts for the transformation from dependency to economic self-sufficiency.The Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) plans and guides inclusive growth in our city - creating opportunities for everyone to live, work and connect. Through our future-focused, city-wide lens, we engage communities, implement new solutions, partner for greater impact and track progress. Our vision and mission are the core components of our organizational strategy. Our vision sets our direction as an organization and our mission defines what we do. Learn more atmeetbpda.bostonplans.org, and follow us on Twitter@BostonPlans.South Boston NDC is a community development corporation that was founded in 1983 by local residents seeking to revitalize their neighborhood and preserve housing opportunities for low income and working class residents. SBNDC has developed over 250 units of affordable housing in South Boston.Caritas Communities, Inc. is a nonprofit organization founded in 1985 by P. Leo Corcoran, a real estate developer with a commitment to providing affordable housing for low-income Massachusetts residents. Caritas began with a single ""triple decker"" property in the neighborhood of Dorchester and now owns and manages 29 properties with 895 units of affordable housing for residents of Boston and thirteen surrounding communities. Caritas' work is supported by public-private partnerships with the Massachusetts Department of Housing and Community Development (DHCD) and area cities and towns. Caritas received the Massachusetts Housing and Shelter Alliance ""Cornerstone"" Award in 2012.For more information, please go towww.caritascommunities.org"
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application to demolish the residential structure located at 95 Union Street in Brighton,MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on December 13, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete applicationto demolish the residential structurelocated at 9 Mansfield Street in Allston,MA 02134.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on December10, 2018.
As we approach the winter holidays and the New Year, the combination of holiday responsibilities and the growing cold and shorter days can feel draining. Some find themselves growing more stressed, anxious, tired, or even depressed. This phenomenon can manifest as a mental health disorder. Around 20 percentof all US residents experience a mild form of a condition called Seasonal Affective Disorder, 4-6 percentmore severely. The onset of winter and the end of the year is the most common time for it to manifest.This holiday and into the New Year, we have the following suggestions to make for a more balanced, manageable upcoming winter season.More information and resources on seasonal affective disorderis available online.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Manny Lopes as the Chair of Boston's Board of Health. The Board of Health is the seven-member governing body that oversees the work of the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC). Lopes succeeds Francis Doyle, who stepped down in October from the Board to assume a leadership role within the Massachusetts Department of Public Health.Lopes currently serves as president and chief executive officer of East BostonNeighborhood Health Center (EBNHC), one of the largest community health centers in the country.Born and raised in East Boston, Manny joined EBNHC as a research assistant at the age of 18, and later held positions at multiple departments within the health center. After a few years outside the health center, during which he worked as a business consultant, Manny rejoined EBNHC in 2004 as vice president and chief information officer. In 2012, Manny was named CEO by the EBNHC Board of Directors and in 2015, became president.He becomes the first person of Cape Verdean descent to be named Chair of the Board of Health in Boston.""I am ready to serve and drive forward the public health priorities and goals outlined by the Mayor and being executed daily through the vast programming offered by the Commission and its public health and community partners,"" said Manny Lopes. ""I look forward to working closely with Executive Director Valdes Lupi, the BPHC staff, and my fellow board members to further advance an agenda that supports all Bostonians, so they can equally have every opportunity to thrive.""""I am excited to have Manny as Chair and to work closely with him and our Board to implement strategies and initiatives to advance the health for all Bostonians,"" said Monica Valdes Lupi, Executive Director, Boston Public Health Commission.""Given his leadership at the health center, he has a keen appreciation for the public health challenges that our clients face and brings great energy and experience in innovating to this role.""For more information on the Board of Health, please visitbphc.org/boardofhealth.The Boston Public Health Commission, one of the country's first health departments, is an independent public agency providing a wide range of health services and programs. It is governed by a seven-member board of health appointed by the Mayor of Boston.Public service and access to quality health care are the cornerstones of our mission - to protect, preserve, and promote the health and well-being of all Boston residents, particularly those who are most vulnerable. The Commission's more than 40 programs are grouped into six bureaus: Child, Adolescent & Family Health Community Health Initiatives Homeless Services Infectious Disease Recovery Services and Emergency Medical Services."
The Council voted to approve Docket #1621, the annual order for the Fiscal Year 2019 tax classification to set the residential factor at the lowest level permitted by state statute, as well as to approve residential exemptions at the maximum rate, which is 35% of the average assessed value of eligible residential parcels. The passage of this order will result in the maximum discount and savings available to owner-occupied residential property owners. Councilor Ciommo stated that, The City relies heavily on property tax for City funds, but has always placed importance on providing maximum relief to resident taxpayers.The Council also voted to approve Docket #1612, authorizing an appropriation of $6.5 million from the Citys Capital Grant Fund to address the impact of transportation network companies, such as Uber and Lyft, on the Citys public travel infrastructure, like municipal roads and bridges. Councilor Ciommo stated that, These investments will help make City streets safer and more reliable, while planning for the lasting impact of transportation network companies on our transportation, traffic, and infrastructure.Docket #1614, which establishes the Make Boston Shine trust fund thatwill be used to fundraise and award small grants to residents and community groups involved in service projects to beautify Boston and keep neighborhoods clean, was also approved by the Council. The program may be familiar to many Boston residents as it has been around for many years as simply Boston Shines. Councilor Ciommo said, This trust will make fundraising and awarding grants for community projects simple, flexible, and transparent, allowing residents to be supported and engaged in efforts to clean and beautify their neighborhoods. The establishment of the trust allows for organizations to donate, and for residents to build community. The trust makes it possible to expand Boston Shines to include neighborhoods that did not qualify to participate in the past, as well as making equipment and materials readily available to those who would like to make Boston shine.
At the ending of Hunger and Homelessness Awareness week and with the season of giving quickly approaching, Councilor Essaibi-George recognized Homes for Families for their Consumer Advocacy Team and their leadership in homelessness in Massachusetts. Homes for Families is a state-wide policy advocacy organization that sees meaningful engagement of housing-unstable families, families experiencing homelessness, shelter providers, elected officials,and communities as central in the fight to end homelessness. They are guided by parent and provider perspectives and take a holistic approach in leveraging policy change.Councilor Essaibi-George said, Todays presentation is to emphasize the importance of extending beyond just the nationally recognized week, especially during the often difficult holiday season, to remind everyone that hunger and homelessness are problems that the entire country faces on a daily basis, and many of our families in Boston are experiencing this too.She also thanked and recognized the many people who dedicate their lives to antipoverty, housing, and homelessness and hunger organizations and the different agencies that strive to ensure food access and security for families and individuals. She said, As the Chair of the Committee on Homelessness, Mental Health, and Recovery, it is so important to me to continue to support those making strides towards ending homelessness and hunger.For more information on how you can join the many people who are fighting to end hunger and homelessness, visit the Homes for Families website.
Community Works is a collaboration of 17 member organizations, including the Hawthorne Youth and Community Center, Haley House, and Paige Academy. Together, they seek to cultivate sustainable sources of support and funding for its social justice member organizations through organizing workplace giving campaigns and individual sustained giving.Community Works member organizations are focused on a range of critical issues, including youth empowerment, public health, environmental justice, racial equity, and workers rights. Their impact is both local and global and makes a huge difference for constituents in the City of Boston.This past October, Community Works celebrated their annual Social Justice Day. Councilor Janey said, I was proud to sponsor a resolution declaring the day and honoring the enormous amount of work that has been done. As someone who worked for many years in the nonprofit sector, I know how challenging it can be for small organizations, and particularly those that are community-based, to raise sufficient funds.For more information, visit the Community Works website.
The City of Boston isaccepting proposalsfor Play Around the Snowy City, a design competition that seeks ideas for playful, temporary design installations and events throughout Boston this winter. This competition is an initiative of the Public Space Invitational (PSI), a program from the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM) that seeks to make Boston's public spaces more intuitive and beautiful. Proposals are due on December 13, 2018.In partnership with the Center on the Developing Child at Harvard University, MONUM is releasing acall for proposalsfor innovative projects that make Boston's public spaces more fun and inviting during the coldest season of the year. Projects could provide inclusive performances, interactive play, or civic art that incorporates winter elements. Additionally, applicants will be encouraged to submit projects that reduce stress, build lifelong learning skills, and support responsive relationships. Two projects will be selected. Each project must be temporary, implemented by early February 2019, and meet a budget of $5,000.Play Around the Snowy City builds on MONUM's past work on play. Last summer, in partnership with Boston Public Schools, MONUM selected four school bus stops for a playful redesign in East Boston, Roxbury, Roslindale, and Dorchester. The four winning designs, selected by a jury that included Playworks, the Mayor's Education Cabinet, the Mayor's Office of Resilience and Racial Equity, parents, and community advocates, use play to foster learning, connectedness, positive engagement, and exercise in an everyday setting.The Public Space Invitational started in 2014 with the aim of making Boston's public spaces more welcoming. It has resulted in a wide-variety of projects, includinga portable reading room for neighborhoods and green spaces, atidal vibraphoneon the Congress Street bridge, theactivation of the mezzanine of Boston City Hallwith brightly colored skateboard tape, apoem/photography seriesfrom Boston's Poet Laureate at the Mattapan Branch Library, and a project that completelyreimagines street furniture.Applications for Play Around the Snowy City are due by December 13, 2018.The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics in Boston serves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs.The Center on the Developing Child at Harvard University's mission is to drive science-based innovation that achieves breakthrough outcomes for children facing adversity. They believe that the science of development provides a powerful source of new ideas focused on the early years of life. Founded in 2006, the Center catalyzes local, national, and international innovation in policy and practice for children and families. They test and implement these ideas in collaboration with a broad network of research, practice, policy, community, and philanthropic leaders. Together, they seek transformational improvements in lifelong educational achievement, economic security, and physical and mental health. For more information on the Center on the Developing Child, please visit: developingchild.harvard.edu
Special events taking place on Saturday, December 1, will impact traffic and parking in Boston. People coming into the City for the event are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.An estimated 1,200 runners will gather on the Boston Common for the Jolly Jaunt 5K. At 9 AM they will proceed to Charles Street, turn left onto Beacon Street, left onto Arlington Street, right onto Commonwealth Avenue outbound, left onto Charlesgate West, left onto Commonwealth Avenue inbound, right onto Arlington Street, left onto Boylston Street, left onto Charles Street.Road closures along the race route are expected to be between 8:45 AM and 10 AM, with roads being opened up as the tail of the race proceeds toward the finish line.In addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 5 AM to 12 Noon parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Hill House Annual Holiday Tree and Wreath Sale will take place on Beacon Hill. To accommodate the event, River Street, from Mt. Vernon Street to Mt. Vernon Square will be closed to traffic from 8 AM to 5 PM.An estimated 400 runners will gather at #866 East Broadway for the South Boston Catholic Academy 5K. At 9:15 AM, 100 yard dashes will take place on East Broadwaybetween O Street and P Street. At 10 AM, the 5 K will begin on East Broadway heading east, turning left onto Day Boulevard, around the outer walkway of Castle Island, to Head Island, around Head Island Causeway, to Day Boulevard, left onto Shore Road, left onto Farragut Road, right onto East Broadway, to #866.Road closures along the route are expected to be between 9 AM and 11 AM.In addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 8 AM to 11 AM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Glenn and AnitaMcLaughlin at their Mattapan home toannounce that applications are now available forSeniors Save, a program that grants $3,500 to eligible residents to use towards upgrades to their heating systems. Since the program's launch in August 2016, 134 heating systems have been replaced in homes all across the city.""We want to make sure our seniors can stay warm and safe this winter,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Seniors living on fixed incomes face real challenges to afford improvements to their homes, even more with completely replacing their heating systems. I'm proud that our Home Center is able provide additional resources to Boston seniors who may need emergency repairs this winter.""Applications for the Seniors Save program are available on theDepartment of Neighborhood Development's website, or by contacting one of the Boston Home Center's partner senior agencies. To qualify, residents must be at least 60 years old, own and live in a one-to-four family home in Boston, be up-to-date on property tax and Boston Water and Sewer Commission payments, and have a household income at no more than 80 percent of Area Median Income, as determined by theU.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development.Glenn and Anita McLaughlin worked with the Seniors Save program to replace their coal-converted heating system, dating back to 1878, which required them to carry water buckets to the attic for proper operation. The Boston Home Center helped provide a contractor, SJH Mechanical, to install a new, high-efficiency heating and hot water system which will significantly reduce the family's heating costs and their maintenance requirements.""I feel thankful and blessed for having the opportunity to be a part of Seniors Save and want to thank Mayor Walsh for this program,"" said Anita McLaughlin. ""I encourage others to apply so they can also get a new heating system.""Eligible homeowners will receive a $3,500 grant towards upgrades to their heating systems. Any additional funding is available in the form of a zero percent interest deferred loan, which will only be payable on the sale of the property, a refinance or transfer of the title. Once a senior citizen submits an application, BHC construction specialists will work with the homeowner on the scope of the project, and will help select a contractor from the BHC's pre-approved, licensed and insured contractor list. A BHC construction specialist will then oversee the work from start to finish.At the event, Mayor Walsh reminded seniors to replace their aging heating systems with new, energy-efficient systems that will significantly lower their risks of heating emergencies during the winter and also reduce their energy bills, enabling them to expand their budgets for other necessities.""I love the Seniors Save program. We see people every day in our office that have trouble making ends meet and this program can really make a difference,"" said Emily Shea, Commissioner of Affairs of the Elderly. ""I encourage all eligible senior homeowners to take advantage of this great opportunity.""Senior Saves is part of Mayor Walsh's ongoing commitment to ensuring older residents in Boston have the support they need to age comfortably in Boston. Earlier this month,he signed an ordinancepassed by the Boston City Council which will provide assistance to older homeowners in Boston. With the passage of this ordinance, the City of Boston will opt into Massachusetts General Law Ch. 60 62A, which gives municipalities the ability to offer payment agreements to older homeowners who are behind on their tax payments.To learn more about Seniors Save and to apply for the program, please call 617-635-HOME or visit theBoston Home Center website."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh has appointed Eric Howeler, Mikyoung Kim and Anne-Marie Lubenau to serve as commissioners to the Boston Civic Design Commission (BCDC). Andrea Leers, who has served as commissioner to the BCDC, has been appointed to serve as Chair of the commission.""We are excited for Eric, Mikyoung and Anne-Marie to join us as they begin in their roles as commissioners, and we congratulate Andrea for her new role as Chair of the BCDC,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to the new ideas and insights they will bring.""The BCDC, managed by the Boston Planning & Development Agency's Urban Design Department, is charged with examining the aesthetics of proposed development projects and ensuring that the projects have a positive impact on Boston's public realm.Eric Hweler, AIAis an architect, designer, educator, and founding principal of Hweler + Yoon Architecture, which he founded in 2005 with J. Meejin Yoon. Prior to forming Hweler + Yoon Architecture, Hweler was a senior designer at Diller Scofidio + Renfro and an associate principal at Kohn Pedersen Fox Associates. Hweler is currently an associate professor in architecture at the Harvard Graduate School of Design. His design work and research investigates the intersections between architecture and building technologies with a focus on envelopes and material systems. Hweler has been widely recognized for his innovative and interdisciplinary work. He is author of, ""Skyscraper, Vertical Now,"" and co-author of, ""1,001 Skyscrapers."" Hweler received a Bachelor of Architecture from Cornell University with the AIA Henry Adams Certificate and a Masters of Architecture from Cornell University. Mikyoung Kim, FASLAis an international landscape architect and urban designer, as well as the founding principal of Mikyoung Kim Design. This year, her firm has been awarded the prestigious Cooper Hewitt Smithsonian Museum National Design Award and she is the recipient of the American Society of Landscape Architects' National Design Medal. With a uniquely holistic approach, her firm's exceptional body of work has redefined the discipline of landscape architecture, inhabiting the intersection of art and science. From the art of ecology and restorative landscapes, Mikyoung Kim Design's work addresses the most pressing environmental and health-related issues, while creating innovative and immersive human experiences. The firm's work has been highlighted in numerous publications including the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, the Guardian Newspaper, National Geographic, Dwell Magazine, and the Chicago Tribune. Kim was named as an AD innovator by Architectural Digest and her firm has received numerous national awards from the ASLA, American Architecture Prize, AIA and GSA. Her life's work is featured in the Smithsonian Museum American Voices Collection.Anne-Marie Lubenau, FAIAis director of the Rudy Bruner Award for Urban Excellence at the Bruner Foundation in Cambridge. She oversees a national design award program that recognizes transformative places that contribute to the economic, environmental, and social vitality of cities. Prior to joining the Bruner Foundation, Lubenau was President and CEO of the Community Design Center of Pittsburgh and worked in architectural firms in Pennsylvania and Maryland.Lubenau's practice includes work within small and large architectural firms, academic institutions, nonprofits, and philanthropy.She has taught urban design at Carnegie Mellon University and has been a guest lecturer and design critic at Harvard, MIT, and Yale. She is vice chair of the Boston Society of Architects Foundation board of trustees and serves on the Harvard GSD Alumni Council and Wentworth Design Professionals Advisory Council. Lubenau is a registered architect and was elected into the AIA College of Fellows in 2016. She holds a Bachelor of Architecture degree from Carnegie Mellon and was a 2011/2012 Harvard Loeb Fellow. Anne-Marie also served in an advisory capacity on Boston Creates, the city's cultural plan released in 2016.Andrea Leers, FAIA,has been appointed BCDC Chairwoman. First appointed to the BCDC in 2007, Andrea Leers is a Principal and co-founder of Leers Weinzapfel Associates, a Boston-based practice focused on the intersection of architecture, urban design, and infrastructure and is notable for its inventiveness in dramatically complex projects. In December 2006, Leers became the first woman owner of a practice to receive the American Institute of Architecture Firm Award, the organization's highest honor. She is former Director of the Master in Urban Design Program at the Harvard Graduate School of Design where she was Adjunct Professor of Architecture and Urban Design from 2001 to 2011. Ms. Leers holds an undergraduate degree in art history from Wellesley College, and a Masters of Architecture from the University of Pennsylvania Graduate School of Fine Arts.The Boston Civic Design Commission (BCDC) provides a forum for the general public and professional design community to participate in the shaping of the city's physical form and natural environment. Members of the Commission are seasoned design professionals with a deep understanding of local context.The BCDC holdspublic meetingson the first Tuesday of every month, and the public is encouraged to attend. The BCDC review criteria include:New or rehabilitated structures over 100,000 square feetProjects of special significance or projects that, by the determination of the BCDC members, will have a special urban design significance in the CityCivic projects involving changes to parks, civic or cultural centers or monumentsAnd district design guidelines to be adopted by the BPDA. This may include Planned Development Areas (PDAs), Institutional Master Plans (IMPs), and certain Planning documents generated to guide development in Boston's neighborhoods."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Police Commissioner William Gross today announced the recipients of Boston's Police Youth Development Fund. The City of Boston has doubled last year's funding, and this year, $500,000 will go to the Youth Development Fund, which provides $25,000 to 20 organizations which work to provide development programs for Boston's youth, ensuring they have access to programs that give them more opportunities to thrive and succeed. In addition, the City has applied for funding through the Commonwealth's Shannon Community Safety Initiative to further support multidisciplinary approaches to curb youth violence through coordinated prevention and intervention programs.""In Boston, we work every day to make sure our young people are lifted up, and given every opportunity to succeed. That means through education, through development programs, and through having a safe, stable environment that will give them the resources and opportunities they need,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Boston Police are a major partner in this, and I'm proud that today we're able to fund 20 great organizations that will make a lasting difference in the lives of Boston's youth for years to come.""Under the leadership of Mayor Walsh, the Boston Police Department has prioritized community policing as an effective way to reduce crime, while building trust with the community. The Boston Police Department receivednational recognition from the Obama Administrationin 2015 as being one of the top cities in the nation that is leading the way on community policing. Earlier this year, Mayor Walshannounced the formation of the Bureau of Community Engagementat the Boston Police Department, which is charged with overseeing a citywide effort to further strengthen community policing in Boston, and focused on ways to build relationships and trust between law enforcement and residents, creating new and innovative partnerships, and promoting inclusion and diversity within the department. Commissioner Gross appointed Superintendent Nora Baston to serve as Bureau Chief.""As Commissioner, my number one goal to ensure all residents in Boston are safe -- and that includes Boston's young people,"" said Commissioner Gross. ""We have the biggest opportunity to change lives by providing resources and support to Boston's youth, and through these programs, we are able to positively impact lives and create a better city for all.""As part of Boston's overall community policing strategy, the Boston Police Department prioritizes relationships with youth and the community as the key to building trust and creating safe neighborhoods. This starts with an emphasis on daily interactions on the streets and in school classrooms, and includes proactive prevention and diversion for at-risk youth and their families. In addition, the department provides positive pathways for our youth through programs such as Operation Exit and My Brother's Keeper. The BPD has strong partnerships and year-round district activities with residents through Coffee with A Cop, National Night Out, youth and police dialogues, teen police academy, flashlight walks, Shop with a Cop, and more.""Our community is a caring one, one who seeks the best for its children, but caring for our youth comes with many responsibilities - not only from our families but through neighborhood partnerships and person to person interactions,"" saidCandice D. Gartley,executive directorAll Dorchester Sports and Leadership. ""All Dorchester Sports and Leadership sees their role in the community not only as a place to provide athletic activities and academic opportunities but also as a place for children to feel safe and cared for near their homes. With the City's help and the Mayor's steadfast commitment of these grant dollars to organizations such as ADSL, we will continue to build and create more opportunities for youth and young adults in our organization and our city.""  ""I was thrilled to make the Youth Development Fund my initial budget ask in my first term and am delighted to partner with Mayor Walsh to support the Fundand Shannon Grantto help dozens of programs expand their capacity to serve, empower, and educate our young people,"" said City Council President Andrea Campbell. ""The jobs, skills, and relationships young people build through these programs are critical to breaking cycles of inequity, especially for young people of color, and ensuring they reach their God-given potentials.""A full list of recipients for the Youth Development Fund grants are as follows, with each recipient receiving a $25,000 grant:"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh this weekend celebrated Small Business Saturday and launched the ""#5onMain"" campaign, the City of Boston's seasonal initiative for small businesses in Boston, encouraging residents to shop local this holiday season. The City of Boston has over 40,000 small businesses, and 20Boston Main Streets districts, which work to create, build, and sustain healthy commercial districts throughout the City of Boston.""I am thrilled to collaborate with WCVB again to support the small, local businesses throughout Boston's Main Streets and neighborhoods. Boston's small businesses invest in our local economies, employ neighbors, and enhance our City, and I am proud to once again support this creative initiative,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to seeing residents and visitors explore our local business districts and enjoy the holiday season with family and friends.""Mayor Walsh visited Dorchester boutique ""The Cue"" to encourage residents to shop locally this holiday season, and joined a celebration held at the Roslindale Village Main Street holiday tree lighting in Adams Park to announce the launch of the ""#5onMain"" campaign, a partnership with WCVB Channel 5 designed through on-air promotional spots to inspire holiday shoppers to support Main Streets and other local commercial districts during the holiday season.Mayor Walsh and WCVB collaborated to create the ""#5onMain"" campaign, which encourages holiday shoppers to support businesses through the City's 20 Boston Main Streets districts and neighborhood business districts during the holiday season at least five times throughout the season. Participants pledge support either by purchasing gifts, dining out, or participating in local holiday events in Boston Main Streets districts, which will help drive traffic to local businesses and boost local business economy. Holiday shoppers are encouraged to amplify the message via social media, using the hashtag ""#5onMain.""Boston's 40,000 plus small businesses generate around $15 billion in annual revenue and approximately 170,000 jobs, representing roughly 44 percent of employment and 37 percent of revenues for the city's private, for-profit businesses. Released in March 2016, the City of Boston's first-ever Small Business Plan tasked the Mayor's Office of Economic Development, other city departments, and external partners to make Boston's small business economy thrive, enhance neighborhood vibrancy, and foster economic and social inclusion and equity.The Economic Development Cabinet's mission is to make Boston an appealing and accessible place for working families, entrepreneurs, businesses, and investors to innovate, grow, and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for all Bostonians and the experience for all visitors. Learn more on theirwebsite.Developed out of a partnership between the City of Boston and the National Trust for Historic Preservation, the Boston Main Streets initiative was created in 1995 as the first urban, multi-district Main Streets program in the nation, with the goal of establishing thriving commercial districts throughout the city. Boston Main Streets is a successful model for urban commercial district revitalization that strengthens local business districts through strong organizational development, community participation, resident and merchant education and sustainable development. Boston Main Streets continues to empower individuals in the small business sector to have a direct role in the economic health, physical appearance, and development of their own community.WCVB is Boston's broadcast/digital media leader, providing news, weather, sports, community service and entertainment on multiple platforms including WCVB Channel 5,wcvb.com, WCVB mobile and MeTV Boston. Founded by community leaders in 1972, WCVB is committed to its mission to serve the region with quality local content. In addition to nearly 45 hours of NewsCenter 5 coverage each week, original offerings includeChronicle, the nation's longest running local news magazineCityLine, a weekly urban magazine program andOn The Record, a weekly political roundtable. The station has been honored with numerous prestigious national broadcasting honors including the RTDNA Edward R. Murrow Awards for ""Best Newscast"" and National Association of Broadcasters Education Foundation's ""Service to the Community"" award. Additional top honors include the National Headliner Awards, Gracie Awards, Gabriel Awards, the regional Emmy's, Associated Press Awards, Walter Cronkite Award, and duPont Awards. WCVB, Boston's ABC affiliate station, is owned by Hearst Television, a wholly owned subsidiary of Hearst, a leading media company whose global holdings include 30 television stations and two radio stations. Follow us on Facebook (wcvb5) and Twitter (@wcvb)."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Shumeane L. Benford as Boston's new chief of the Office of Emergency Management (OEM). As Chief, Benford will have have direct oversight of the office's emergency planning, training, and exercise programs and manage relationships with regional, state, and federal homeland security partners.Working in close partnership with Boston's other public safety and public health agencies, the Boston Office of Emergency Management (OEM) plans, prepares and responds to emergencies, educates the public about emergency preparedness, conducts training exercises and drills, and supports the City's preparedness. OEM also manages the Boston Emergency Operations Center, which facilitates planning and aid in the aftermath of a disaster, and is activated during large-scale, citywide events.""Throughout my career, I have focused on creating a safe, stable city for all residents, and I'm excited to begin this role at the Office of Emergency Management,"" said Benford. ""From my work at the Boston Police Department, to my work at the Boston Public Health Commission, the well-being of Boston residents has always been my top priority. I thank Mayor Walsh for this opportunity, and can't wait to get started.""Benford is a veteran Boston Police Officer, with nearly 25 years of law enforcement experience, including serving in the Boston Police Academy, Recruit Investigations, and the Office of the Police Commissioner. Benford most recently served as Deputy Chief of the Boston Public Health Commission police, where he led reforms in fiscal accountability, operational reforms, and instituted best practices in policing to include community policing. At BPHC, Benford also led the design and create of a new Public Safety Operations Center.Benford is a lifelong City of Boston resident, and received his Masters Degree from Suffolk University, and his BA from Curry College. Benford is an adjunct professor at Roxbury Community College, and lives in Dorchester with his family.OEM has continued to be a leader in emergency preparedness. In 2017, OEM received reaccreditation through the Emergency Management Accreditation Program (EMAP). EMAP is a comprehensive program that evaluates the City of Boston's Emergency Management program across 64 standards that address all aspects of Emergency Management.In 2016, the City of Boston and the Metro Boston Homeland Security Region (MBHSR) received $17.7 million in grant funding from the U.S. Department of Homeland Security through the Urban Area Security Initiative (UASI) grant program. The UASI program funding addresses the unique multi-disciplinary planning, organization, equipment, training and exercise needs of high-threat, high-density urban areas, and assists them in building capabilities to prevent, protect against, respond to, and recover from threats or acts of terrorism. That same year, OEM also launched Boston's ""situational awareness"" tool to coordinate operations and increase public safety measures during emergency and large-scale special events. This map-based tool is used in the Emergency Operations Center and the public safety departments, allowing public safety officials to stay better informed about what's happening on the ground during an emergency or special event.More information on the City's emergency preparedness efforts isavailable here."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Marc Savatskyto demolish the residential buildinglocated at 47 Morris Street in East Boston,MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 30, 2018.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Verizon today announced a new partnership that will accelerate Boston's plan to be one of the most technologically advanced cities in the nation, giving residents more choice. Building on the partnership formed in 2016, Verizon will expand its local wireless network speed and capacity to its local 4G LTE network, expand Fios internet and cable television to all neighborhoods in Boston, and collaborate with Boston on Smart Communities solutions.""Our partnership with Verizon reflects one goal: to make sure all of Boston's residents have access to the most advanced digital technology both now, and in the future,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We're making sure Boston is the best digital city in the nation, and through partnerships with companies like Verizon, residents will have better, more affordable options, as we work together to create inclusive growth for our city.""These technology enhancements are in addition to Verizon's original $300 million investment to build a 100 percent fiber-optic network platform across Boston. The expansion of Verizon's wireless small cell network now almost doubles that investment to nearly $600 million total. Verizon will also be contributing $1 million over eight years to the Boston Digital Equity Fund to help support programs that provide affordable access to broadband to underserved residents.""The City of Boston has been a tremendous partner for us, and a great leader in building the digital city of the future,"" said Kyle Malady, Chief Technology Officer of Verizon. ""Together we're creating a platform of innovation with the latest technology that will benefit Boston residents, businesses, universities, first responders and visitors for decades to come.""Under an a new 10-year wireless agreement, Verizon will significantly expand its wireless small cell network throughout the city to bring more speed and capacity to its existing 4G LTE network.The City of Boston will provide Verizon with a streamlined permitting process for the installation of new small cells and Verizon plans to provide a host of Verizon Smart Communities products and services that will enable Boston to achieve efficiencies in areas such as traffic management, safety and energy efficiency.Verizon and the City of Boston are amending the existing TV license agreement to expand Fios TV services. More than half the homes in Boston now have access to this all-fiber network, and Fios service is available in Dorchester, Hyde Park, Jamaica Plain, Mattapan, Roslindale, Roxbury, Seaport, South Boston and West Roxbury. The new amendment will enable Fios TV expansion as the fiber network is built in South Boston, South End, Allston, Brighton, Back Bay, Charlestown, East Boston, Fenway and Downtown.Verizon today also announced further plans regarding its long-term lease of more than 450,000 square feet for its technology workforce at The Hub on Causeway. Verizon's presence at the Hub on Causeway will include 16 floors of innovatively designed space, of which, five floors will be reserved for incubators, accelerators, and partners.Mayor Walsh has been committed to bringing more equity and choice to residents throughout Boston, from launching Boston's first-everDigital Equity Fund, which aims to provide support to community-based organizations that help Boston residents fully connect and participate in today's media and information landscape to bringing WiFi hotspots to the Boston Public Library's lending program to Boston'sWicked Free Wi-Fiprogram to working to protect Net Neutrality rules that ensure a fair and open internet.The City of Boston's Broadband and Digital Equity efforts improve access to affordable and reliable high speed Internet for households and businesses, expand the availability of high speed Internet in public places, and facilitate ease of access to up-to-date digital tools. Enabling a more competitive broadband marketplace is at the cornerstone of the City's work to ensure that households and businesses can choose among a range of high quality, affordable high speed Internet options.Yesterday, Mayor Walsh also announced Boston has appointedits new Chief Information Officer, David J. Elges, who will lead the City's efforts to enhance online service delivery, empower City employees with effective digital tools, use data to focus resources where they are most needed, and improve access to technology and broadband across all Boston neighborhoods. Elges will continue Boston's work with Verizon as the City continues to provide more choices and more access for all of Boston's residents."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of David J. Elges as the City's new Chief Information Officer (CIO). In this role, Elges will lead the City's efforts to enhance online service delivery, empower City employees with effective digital tools, use data to focus resources where they are most needed, and improve access to technology and broadband across all Boston neighborhoods.""David Elges has the knowledge and expertise to take the great work being done in DoIT to the next level to keep Boston on the cutting edge,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud to appoint him to this position, and look forward to working with him to build on Boston's leadership as a world-class tech city.""Elges most recently served as Chief Information Officer for the District of Columbia Government, a position he has held since 2016. In this role, he established the overall technology strategy and architecture to ensure that it was aligned with the District's growth and evolving needs. He developed and led IT strategic and operational planning by driving operations, fostering innovation, prioritizing IT initiatives, and coordinating the evaluation, deployment, and management of current and future IT systems and infrastructure.""I'm looking forward to starting as the new CIO for the City of Boston to build on their successes in utilizing technology in strategic and transformative ways,"" said David Elges. ""It's important to think beyond devices as technology continues to evolve, to ensure that we are using all the tools we have to engage with our constituents, optimize our performance, and track our progress."" Prior to his role at the District of Columbia Government, Elges served as the Director of IT Operations & Chief Data Officer at Strayer Education, Inc., where he oversaw an 80-member IT organization with a $20 million operating budget, $14 million in capital investments, and managed $12 million ERP project budget. There, he developed an agency-wide data strategy, budget formulation, key performance indicators, and division resources for information governance.Elges has a bachelor's degree in Political Science from West Virginia Wesleyan College and a master's degree in Information Systems from Strayer University.The City's Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) strives to engage, empower, and improve life for residents in the City through technology. The focus areas of their work includes digital engagement and services, data and analytics, and broadband, cable and digital equity. The department oversees the development and implementation of new digital tools, open data, Wicked Free Wi-Fi, mobile apps, and cybersecurity practices. You can learn more about the department online."
The celebration is presented by the Boston Parks and Recreation Department, title sponsor The Province of Nova Scotia, Jumbotron sponsor JetBlue, and presenting sponsors Exelon Generation, the Coca-Cola Company, and Bank of America with additional support provided by WCVB Channel 5, Magic 106.7 FM, and the Boston Globe. The holiday lights throughout both parks will light up in sequence shortly before 8 p.m. when Mayor Walsh is joined onstage by Deputy Premier Casey, members of the Royal Canadian Mounted Police, and Santa Claus. The show will close with a pyrotechnic display by Atlas PyroVision.The holiday decorations throughout Boston Common and the Public Garden include the City of Bostons official 2018 Christmas tree, a 46-foot white spruce tree donated by Ross McKellar and Teresa Simpson from Oxford, Nova Scotia. This marks the first time the annual Christmas tree gift to Boston has come from Cumberland County.WCVBs Anthony Everett and Shayna Seymour will once again host Channel 5s live broadcast of the event beginning at 7 p.m. featuring multi-platinum pop star Andy Grammer, music from Nova Scotias Hillsburn andMakayla Lynn, local recording artist Phaedra, Willy Wonka from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory, the cast of North Shore Music Theaters A Christmas Carol, and the Morning Star Baptist Church Gospel Choir.The lighting of the trees on the Common is made possible through the generosity of the Egan Family Foundation, the Lynch Foundation, the Massachusetts Convention Center Authority, John Moriarty & Associates, Berkshire Bank, the Herb Chambers Companies, the Greater Boston Convention & Visitors Bureau, and contributions from other individuals and institutions.The annual holiday display includes the official Christmas tree from Nova Scotia and trees throughout Boston Common. Refreshments and additional support will be provided by promotional sponsors Dunkin Donuts, Capital One, Xfinity, KIND Snacks, H.P. Hood LLC, Power Crunch Bars, Drakes Cakes, Natures Path, and an appearance by the L.L. Bean Bootmobile.This is the 47th year that Nova Scotia has given a tree to the people of Boston as thanks for relief efforts following the December 6, 1917, explosion of a munitions ship in Halifax Harbor. Within 24 hours of the disaster a train loaded with supplies and emergency personnel was making its way from Boston to Nova Scotia. For more information, please call 617-635-4505, go to the Parks and Recreation website, or visit us on Facebook. You can find Boston Common parking information online.
On Saturday, November 17, the Camp Harbor View 5K will take place in Boston. People coming into the City for the event are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.An estimated 1,200 runners will gather on Charles Street between Boylston and Beacon Streets. At 9 AM they will proceed from Charles Street, left onto Beacon Street, left onto Arlington Street, right onto Commonwealth Avenue outbound, under Massachusetts Avenue, left onto Charlesgate West, left onto Commonwealth Avenue inbound, under Massachusetts Avenue, left onto Arlington Street, right onto Beacon Street, right onto Charles Street.Traffic will be detoured away from the route from approximately 8:45 AM to 10:30 AM, with streets re-opening as the last of the participants proceed toward the finish lineIn addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 12 AM to 12 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh recentlyattended HubNob, the signature event for the Foundation for Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF). The event surpassed its goal and raised more than $400,000. Funds raised will be used to support and expand BCYF programming, including teen opportunities, girls-only programming, aquatics programs, senior programs, and the popular summer Neighborhood Block Parties.BCYFs community centers are at the heart of our neighborhoods and provide a place where families can have fun, learn and explore new interests, said Mayor Walsh. HubNob is a great opportunity to come together, celebrate BCYF, and support their great work. Serving over 2,500 individuals a day, BCYF community centers are a steadfast institution in Bostons neighborhoods. With a wide range of affordable, enriching programs and activities for individuals of all ages, BCYF provides critical resources for Bostons youth and families. Mayor Walshs FY19-FY23 Capital Plan invests $50 million in BCYF facilities. BCYF Gallivan Community Center in Mattapan and BCYF Vine Street Community Center in Roxbury were recently reopened after substantial renovations.This event raises critical programming dollars that will go right back into creating new opportunities for Boston residents of all ages, said William Morales, Commissioner of Boston Centers for Youth & Families. Much of what we do at BCYF would not be possible without our many partners and sponsors who support HubNob.The eighth annual event featured delicious food, a fun crowd, live music by Soul City, and unique silent auction and raffle items. While supporting a great cause, guests had the opportunity to enjoy food prepared by neighborhood restaurants including House of Blues Boston, Darryl's Corner Bar, Sophia's Grotto, Uno's, Chicken and Rice Guys, Wahlburgers, Las Palmas, Brickhouse Cafe, McGreeveys, Cunard Tavern and Chilicates. At the VIP Reception, guests participated in a live auction led by Mayor Walsh and event M.C. Maverik, a DJ at JAMN 94.5, and John Hancock was presented with Corporate Partner of the Year for their support of BCYFs teen summer employment opportunities.Notables joining the Mayor at HubNob 2018 were Police Commissioner William Gross, Health and Human Services Chief Marty Martinez, BCYF Commissioner William Morales, BPD Superintendent Nora Baston, JAMN 94.5 DJ Maverik, Boston Celtics Community Engagement Manager Matthew Borders IV, and Allyce Najimy, CEO and Executive Director, The Foundation to be Named Later. Presenting sponsors were Childrens Hospital, John Hancock, and Comcast NBCUniversal.During the speaking program, the family of late State Representative Kevin Fitzgerald was on hand to help present the Kevin Fitzgerald Award for Citywide Excellence to BPD Superintendent Nora Baston and the Kevin Fitzgerald Award for Community Empowerment to BCYF Administrative Coordinator. The awards were named in honor of Representative Fitzgeralds dedication and commitment to Boston.
"Mayor Martin J. Wash today joined Southwest Boston Community Development Corporation, Traggorth Companies, elected officials and residents to celebrate the grand opening of The Residences at Fairmount Station. This once-vacant property is now a transit-oriented residential development that offers 27 rental units, including 24 affordable units. The project is part of a larger City effort to prioritize affordable development along the Fairmont Corridor,one of the action areas outlined in Imagine Boston 2030with the goal of expanding opportunities and reducing disparities for residents in the area.""Today we celebrate a milestone in our efforts to create more affordable housing by officially opening The Residences at Fairmount Station, which sets the standard for all transit-oriented development in the city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm proud that with our partners we were able to create 27 rental homes for Boston's working families. This new development will continue to keep Hyde Park a strong and vibrant neighborhood for generations to come."" The $12 million four-story building features a combination of studio, one-bedroom, two-bedroom, and three-bedroom units. Out of the 27 rental units, 24 are affordable to households at or below 60 percent of Area Median Income (AMI), which is around $51,000 for a two-income household. The remaining three units are designated for households at or below 70 percent AMI, or around $60,000 for a two-income household. The development also offers 6,000 square feet of green space and play space, a public community room, and parking spaces and bike spaces.""This lot used to be overgrown with weeds and falling down buildings,"" said Hyde Park resident Nicole Wiggins. ""It is wonderful to see investment in our community that creates affordable housing, playgrounds, and community spaces that will benefit current Hyde Park residents.""The project is LEED Silver Certified and has many green features for long-term operations, sustainability, and includes several improvements such as new sidewalks, handicap accessible ramps, benches, lighting, bike racks, and a playground. The building was designed by DMS Design, constructed by Delphi Construction, and will be managed by Maloney Properties. Southwest Boston CDC will provide ongoing services to residents.""We have long advocated for equitable investment along the Fairmount Corridor, and we could not be more thrilled that through community persistence and support from Mayor Walsh, we have succeeded,"" said Mimi Turchinetz, board chair of Southwest Boston Community Development Corporation, one of the joint venture partners on the project. ""By providing residents with high-quality affordable housing, safe and beautiful play spaces, and access to transit, we make Hyde Park more beautiful while also providing Hyde Park families with much needed stability.""""It's been a pleasure working with Southwest Boston CDC to bring a shared vision for equitable transit oriented development to life,"" said Dave Traggorth, Principal of Traggorth Companies, the second partner in the joint venture to build the project. ""Their tireless advocacy, along with the critical resources from the City of Boston and the Commonwealth, has created beautiful, affordable homes for Hyde Park families. We hope this project sets the standard for the neighborhood, and is just the beginning of an exciting chapter.""The new development has been made possible in part by a City of Boston contribution of more than $1.7 million. This contribution enabled the development team to take advantage of more than $2.5 million from the Commonwealth's Department of Housing and Community Development. The State also provided an allocation of almost $1.5 million in federal Low-Income Housing Tax Credits (LIHTC) that helped raise over $4.7 million in equity from National Equity Fund, the equity investor in the project. Webster Bank provided a construction loan with MassHousing providing long-term permanent financing. The Community Economic Development Assistance Corporation (CEDAC) and the Equitable Transit-Oriented Development Accelerator Fund (ETODAF) at LISC Boston provided critical predevelopment and acquisition funding to secure the site.The Residences at Fairmont Station consist of affordable units to low- and middle-class families and strongly aligns with the City's housing goals outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030. Mayor Walsh recently increased the City's overall housing targets from 53,000 to 69,000 new units by 2030 to meet Boston's population growth. These updated housing goals build on Mayor Walsh's commitment to increasing access to home ownership, preventing displacement and promoting fair and equitable housing access.Since the release of the original Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030 plan in 2014,income-restricted housing stock, designed to increase affordable housing, has grown along with overall new production: nearly 20 percent of housing units are income restricted, and 25 percent of rental units are income restricted. In total, after creating an additional 15,820 units of income-restricted housing, Boston will have nearly 70,000 units of income-restricted housing by 2030.These income-restricted units will include purchasing 1,000 rental housing units from the speculative market and income-restricting them through an expanded Acquisition Opportunity Program. In addition, the City will soon announce awardees ofan affordable housing funding roundthat includes more than $16 million in city affordable housing funds, and the first large scale awards of Community Preservation Act (CPA) funding for affordable housing development projects.For more information on the City's work to create more housing, please visit:Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030.The Southwest Boston Community Development Corporation (SWBCDC) works to build and sustain a thriving, racially and economically equitable community in Hyde Park and Roslindale. We work to prevent displacement, create and preserve affordable housing, strengthen the commercial base of the neighborhoods, ensure access to good transit and green spaces, and develop local leaders whose voices are not otherwise heard. For more information, please visitswbcdc.orgBased in Boston, Traggorth Companies works to execute mid-sized smart growth, urban infill multifamily projects working collaboratively with communities to balance affordability, tenure, historic preservation, and economic development. For more information, please visittraggorthcompanies.com"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayor's Office of Resilience & Racial Equity, and100 Resilient Cities(100RC) announced a three-day Network Exchange on Equitable and Resilient Cities will take place in Boston beginning today. Chief Resilience Officers and high-level officials from eight cities in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom, will convene to build on the City's groundbreaking work in addressing deep-rooted issues of racial disparity and systemic inequity by creating a global conversation and developing and sharing further municipal-level solutions to promote equity, inclusivity, and social cohesion.Participating cities include Atlanta, Los Angeles, Louisville, New York, Seattle, and Tulsa in the United States, along with Greater Manchester, United Kingdom and Toronto, Canada. Cities will be represented by Chief Resilience Officers (CRO) - a position in city government created and funded by 100RC - who act as their city's point person for resilience-building efforts, leading the development of a citywide Resilience Strategy, along with high-level city delegates with expertise in race and equity. The convening will also include 45 subject matter experts both from the 100RC Network and beyond, including partner organizations Social Finance, Anti-Defamation League, Initiative for Competitive Inner Cities, Neighborly, Ioby, Fourth Economy, HR&A Advisors, and beyond, along with 20-plus Boston city government representatives.""With Resilient Boston, our city put forth a comprehensive roadmap for a resilient future which is firmly centered on racial equity,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This convening is an exciting opportunity to share Boston's progress and, even more, to share best practices with our peers across the 100RC network of cities.""""Under Mayor Walsh's leadership, the City of Boston has made its mark as a champion of racial equity,"" said Otis Rolley, Managing Director for North America at 100 Resilient Cities. ""Resilient Boston is already an inspiration to cities across 100RC's global network, making Boston a fitting host for this important conversation. The cities participating are truly courageous - taking the hard and necessary steps to address such a pernicious challenge - and we greatly look forward to the event's outcomes.""The Boston Network Exchange will focus on practices and tactical interventions that local leaders can use toward promoting more equitable outcomes across city systems and in the delivery of core services, such as public transportation, affordable housing, and economic opportunity.The Network Exchange will also result in a guiding document for cities around the world that are addressing the stresses associated with racial and other systemic inequities - recognizing this as a core element in strengthening their resilience to future disasters and other shock events.""Cities can build resilience for all residents by confronting racial divisions and bias - which is known to lead to significant disparities in economic, social, and environmental outcomes, and disproportionate impacts after disasters,"" said Lori Nelson, Boston's Chief Resilience Officer. ""To successfully address this complex issue, we need the support and insights of fellow cities that have gone through similar experiences, as well as private, non-governmental, and academic actors who are key partners in implementing multi-benefit solutions.""Resilient Boston, released in 2017 by Mayor Walsh, laid the groundwork for important, community-driven work to begin addressing the systemic challenges to achieve a more resilient Boston. City of Boston staff worked for nearly two years with more than 11,000 Bostonians and the team from 100RC to develop this comprehensive strategy.A key component of 100RC - a global effort dedicated to helping cities better prepare for 21st Century economic, social, and physical challenges - is gathering member cities to share best practices, solve problems collectively, and access expertise from peers and partners.The following events will be open to press:Equitable Economic Opportunity Panel: How can cities ensure that the quality of life of residents is not determined by their race or ethnicity?Ladd Room, Boston University, 43 Hawes Street, BrooklineEquity in Planning Panel: How can cities promote more equitable outcomes for communities of color, while adequately preparing all residents for known and unknown risks?Ladd Room, Boston University, 43 Hawes Street, BrooklineResilient Boston, Leadership for Change: Mayor Walsh shares Resilient Boston's vision for a more equitable future and the City's key leadership efforts in the space.Ladd Room, Boston University, 43 Hawes Street, Brookline100 Resilient Cities - Pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation(100RC) helps cities around the world become more resilient to social, economic, and physical challenges that are a growing part of the 21st century. 100RC provides this assistance through: funding for a Chief Resilience Officer in each of our cities who will lead the resilience efforts resources for drafting a resilience strategy access to private sector, public sector, academic, and NGO resilience tools and membership in a global network of peer cities to share best practices and challenges. For more information, visit 100ResilientCities.org."
Did you know Boston has close to 50 boards and commissions across the City? These bodies work with departments and the public to help make Boston a better City. Serving on them is one of the best ways you can become more engaged in civic life.Weve moved the majority of our pages from the old City website over to Boston.gov. But, there are still a few old, legacy applications that have forced us to take a step back and rethink things. Our old boards and commissions page was one of them.At first glance, this simple app looked like it would be pretty easy to move over to Boston.gov. We just had to create a bunch of pages with basic information, list the members out with supporting documents, and then were done. We didnt realize just how tricky things were until we looked under the hood.The information flowing into these pages was actually using a database that is maintained by the City Clerks Office, with the help of the Mayors Policy Office. There was also an application hooked into the app that would change depending on what page you were on. Users were able to apply to specific boards and commissions, with the option of applying for up to five at one time.With all those considerations, we decided to take a step back to give this small but vital app the attention it deserved.Before we even started work prototyping what these new pages would turn into, we had to make sure we had clean data. Working with the City Clerks Office and the Mayors Policy Office, we reached out to the more than 50 boards and commissions that existed on the old site.City Clerk staff had already been doing a great job maintaining the pages on the old City website. Our work just had the added benefit of dusting off some cobwebs in the system. We were able to clean up data for a majority of the pages, and even decommissioned a few no longer in use.Over the course of a few months  and many emails  we were able to confirm that the information in the database was up-to-date. Now, we had to figure out what this information would look like on Boston.gov.Through the original web app, a user was able to view information on the different boards and commissions through a filtered search. The app featured dropdown menus that allowed you to filter by policy area, or by picking the actual board or commission. While this dropdown functionality was easy enough to use, it wasnt easy to search and find information. This was true whether searching on Boston.gov or through search engines, like Google and Bing. Each individual board or commission page had few details, and limited potential to add additional information. You also had to be on a desktop to see the information, or else use a lot of pinching and zooming on your phone.We decided to focus our efforts on creating pages integrated into Boston.gov. Aside from making these boards and commissions easier to find through search, we were also giving them potential for future improvements. Meeting agendas, minutes, and more could all be easily added to pages using our content management system, Drupal.The challenge for us was figuring out a way to feed the information from City databases to these individual pages on Boston.gov. We wanted to set up a system where, after the City Clerks Office made a change in the database, that information would automatically update on Boston.gov.To take advantage of existing page types on Boston.gov, we focused on building boards and commissions components. Whats a component? Its an addition to a webpage that allows you to add text, link to other pages, and add any information you want. We can stick these components onto any page on Boston.gov, and drag and drop them where we see fit.For our boards and commissions information, we created three separate components:We also used member data to add another cool feature to individual pages. If theres a vacancy on a board or commission, an apply online button appears allowing you to apply for that opening.From there, all we had to do was create each individual page on Boston.gov and drop the components on them. We now have easy-to-find and searchable pages for each board and commission integrated into Boston.gov.To house all of these new pages, we created a boards and commissions search page. This page allows you to search by title, filter by policy area, and even filter by boards and commissions with open seats. The application itself also got a facelift. Aside from using Boston.gov branding, we made the application mobile-friendly and easier to use.Interested in diving more into the technical details and code behind our boards and commissions work? Feel free to check out our source code on Github.
The boards and commissions page on Boston.gov allows you to search and filter to find the information you want.
Revamping the boards and commissions section of the Citys website was just step one in this process. Aside from enhancing the experience for the public, weve also attempted to make maintaining this data easier for City staff. Thanks to the help of our colleagues at the Department of Innovation and Technology, tweaks were made to the database to allow for better sharing of information. In the future, it will be a lot easier for the Mayors Policy Office and the City Clerks Office to let each other know about vacancies and new members.Many of these pages still have limited information. But, by being built in Drupal, weve made it easier for staff to add more to what already exists. One great example is the Public Facilities Commission. Commission staff members have gone back and added meeting minutes, agendas, and even videos of meetings. They also have a section listing all of the upcoming meetings dates for the year. With a simple layout and design, the Public Facilities Commission now has an easy-to-understand and transparent resource.
The Public Facilities Commission has added more resources beyond basic information.
On the surface, it might seem like boards and commissions are a minor aspect of municipal government. But, these public bodies are a vital way for the public to offer their input on whats happening in the City. By joining a board or commission, you can bring your expertise or passion to a topic you hold dear.So, are you interested in serving on a board or commission? Make sure to go through our list on Boston.gov. If you see an apply online button, theres an open vacancy that the City needs to fill. You can also check out our how-to guide for getting involved.
"Update: Due to the weather, we'vepostponed Day 3 of the Mayor's Enchanted Trolley Tour on Sunday, December 2, until Sunday, December 9. We have updated location stops and times listed below.Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the schedule for the 2018 Enchanted Trolley Tour, a Boston holiday tradition of lighting holiday trees throughout the City. This year, the Mayors Enchanted Trolley Tour will take place in neighborhoods throughout Boston on:""I'm excited to kick off this holiday season by visiting neighborhoods throughout Boston with our trolley tour and tree lightings,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This is a great time for us to come together and celebrate our neighbors, our city, and our communities. I encourage all to attend this weekend of family-friendly celebrations.""For the 23rd year, the Mayor's Enchanted Trolley Tour will continue the festive tradition of lighting holiday trees while bringing holiday spirit to children across Boston. The event is sponsored by Bank of America, and includes visits with Santa, holiday performances, tree lightings, and more.""Bank of America is proud to continue our support of Mayor Walsh's Enchanted Trolley Tour, a long standing tradition that brings joy and excitement to neighborhoods and families across the City,"" said Miceal Chamberlain, Bank of America Massachusetts President. ""We thank the City of Boston for all they do to provide our customers, teammates, and communities the power to give back and make a difference during the holiday season.""The Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, free public events for Bostonians and visitors to the City and this year will collaborate with Bank of America, which is sponsoring the 2018 Mayor's Enchanted Trolley Tour and Tree Lightings."
This year commemorates 101 years of friendship between Nova Scotia and the people of Boston after our City provided emergency assistance when Halifax, Nova Scotias capital, was devastated by a wartime explosion in 1917.Bostons official 2018 Christmas tree is a 46-foot white spruce tree donated by Ross McKellar and Teresa Simpson from Oxford, marking the first time Nova Scotias annual Christmas tree gift to Boston has come from Cumberland County. The tree will be celebrated at a public cutting ceremony at 10:30 a.m. on Thursday, November 15, and later the tree will stop in Truro and Halifax, Nova Scotia. There will be a final public farewell at Halifax City Hall on November 17 before the tree begins its journey by truck to Boston. In addition, Nova Scotia is donating smaller trees to Rosies Place and the Pine Street Inn.Our Christmas tree lighting is more than a holiday event, it is a celebration of the lasting bond of friendship between our city and Nova Scotia, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Thanks to Ross and Teresa for providing this gift that will be the centerpiece of our holiday lighting display on Boston Common, taking a place of honor as Bostons official Christmas tree to be enjoyed by residents and visitors alike.On November 20, the official 2018 Christmas tree will be escorted by the Boston Police Department beginning around 10 a.m. from Billerica via Route 3 South to Route 128 North to Interstate 93 South to Sullivan Square to Rutherford Avenue over the Charlestown bridge and will weave through downtown Boston on North Washington, New Chardon, Cambridge, Tremont, Boylston, and Charles Streets to enter Boston Common at the corner of Beacon and Charles Streets at approximately 11 a.m.Boston Parks Commissioner Chris Cook, an official Nova Scotian town crier, Santa Claus, and local schoolchildren will greet the tree at its final destination near the Boston Visitors Center at 139 Tremont Street. The tree will be lit at approximately 7:55 p.m. on Thursday, November 29, as the City of Bostons Official Tree Lighting is celebrated on Boston Common from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m.The 77th annual Tree Lighting on Boston Common is sponsored by the Boston Parks and Recreation Department, title sponsor The Province of Nova Scotia, Jumbotron sponsor JetBlue, and presenting sponsors Exelon, the Coca-Cola Company, and Bank of America with additional support provided by WCVB-TV Channel 5, Magic 106.7 FM, and the Boston Globe. For further information, please call the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at 617-635-4505 or visit us on Facebook.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Doris Rooneyto demolish the garage located at 1662 Columbia Road in South Boston,MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 18, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Tony Tranto demolish the garage located at 45 Burt Street in Dorchester,MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on May 23, 2018.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released the first ever inventory of Boston's affordable housing which documents and analyzes the type and location of the 54,247 units of income-restricted housing in the city. The comprehensive inventory,Income-Restricted Housing in Boston,issued by the Department of Neighborhood Development (DND), was released with adatabaseof nearly 1,300 projects that show one in five housing units in Boston is income restricted. The neighborhoods with the highest percentages of income-restricted housing stock are the South End/Lower Roxbury with 48 percent, Roxbury with 45 percent, and Charlestown and Jamaica Plain with 25 percent each. ""Creating more affordable housing and preserving Boston's more than 54,000 income-restricted units are top priorities for my administration, and are a driving force behind our housing goals,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This report helps us understand how many income-restricted units there are, where they are, and to whom they are affordable, all important information as we work to increase affordable housing opportunities in our neighborhoods."" Analysis of the 54,247 income-restricted housing units shows that 66 percent of them are restricted to households earning less than 50 percent of Area Median Income (AMI), or $43,150 for a two-person household. Of those units, 20,746 units or 38 percent are restricted for households making between 31-50 percent of AMI, which ranges from $25,900 to $43,000 for a two-person household. Many of those households may also be utilizing a mobile voucher, or a tenant-based voucher.""This report documents the hard work done by housing advocates and members of the community over decades, much of it in partnership with the City of Boston,"" said Vanessa Caldern-Rosado, CEO of Inquilinos Boricuas En Accin and co-chair of the Mayor's Housing Task Force. ""We're proud that 48 percent of all the housing in the South End and Lower Roxbury is income-restricted, and are committed to maintaining and increasing that percentage. The positive effects that living in income-restricted housing has had on generations of Bostonians is real and long-lasting, and must be available in the future.""Income-Restricted Housing in Bostonis the result of DND's collection and curation of data on all income-restricted units as part of an effort to better monitor how much affordable housing exists in the city, and where it is located. The report is also a response to goals outlined in Mayor Walsh'sHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030plan. The inventory includes data from Boston Housing Authority (BHA) public housing, privately-owned housing built with DND funding and/or on City-owned land, and privately-owned housing built without any City subsidy, for example, created using Low-Income Housing Tax Credits or as part of the Inclusionary Development Policy (IDP), including units built with funds from cash in lieu payments to the Inclusionary Development Fund.""Boston shines on the world stage because of its people, all of whom proudly call our great City home for different reasons, adding new layers to its fabric,"" said Kimberly Sherman Stamler, President of Related Beal. ""We look to replicate that fabric in our own buildings, creating mixed-income neighborhoods that appeal to long-standing residents and families seeking choice in housing. This report demonstrates the Walsh Administration's collaborative and forward way of thinking, offering transparent roadmaps and clear targets that help identify opportunities for developers and residents alike. We look forward to continuing to work with the City to create housing opportunities in the years ahead.""Mayor Walsh recentlyincreased the City's overall housing targets from 53,000 to 69,000 new units by 2030, including 15,820 income-restricted units, to meet Boston's population growth. These income-restricted units will include purchasing 1,000 rental housing units from the speculative market and income-restricting them through an expanded Acquisition Opportunity Program. In addition, the City will soon announce awardees ofan affordable housing funding roundthat includes more than $16 million in city affordable housing funds, and the first large scale awards of Community Preservation Act (CPA) funding for affordable housing development projects. The RFP for this $16 million in fundingwas announced in September.As the City continues to make strides towards creating more affordable housing, it is also working with regional partners to ensure affordable housing is a reality throughout the region through the Metro Mayor's Regional Housing Task Force, and its execution of a recently-releasedregional housing productiongoal of creating 185,000 new units of housing across the region by the year 2030.For more information on the City's work to create more housing, please visit:Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030."
The free event will feature appearances by Mayor Walsh, NECNs Jenny Johnson, Santa Claus, and Rudolph along with musical performances by vocalist Mark Sing Robertson, the Boston Childrens Chorus, the Boston Pops Brass Quintet, and Berklee College of Music's own Natalie Daniela Castro Diaz.Light refreshments will be provided by Drakes Cakes, KIND Snacks, HP Hood LLC, and the dairy farm families of New England and Must Be The Milk. The Fairmont Copley Plaza will host a family reception immediately following for all in attendance. The reception will include cookie decorating, photos with Santa and treats from the Fairmont Copley Plaza.For additional information, please call the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at 617-635-4505. You can learn more about The Friends of Copley Square online.
"With the passage of this ordinance, the City of Boston will opt into Massachusetts General Law Ch. 60 62A, which gives municipalities the ability to offer payment agreements to older homeowners who are behind on their tax payments.""In Boston, we are committed to taking care of everyone who wants to live in our City, including older residents who help make Boston the world-class city it is today. With this ordinance, we're working to further create a supportive city where all residents, regardless of age or ability, can thrive,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank Councilors Edwards, Flynn and the rest of the Boston City Council for their collaboration.""The ordinance will allow property tax payment agreements and interest relief for eligible senior homeowners with low-income in the City struggling to repay their overdue taxes. Payment agreements of up to five years that forgive 50% of the accrued interest will be granted to eligible, low-income seniors in Boston. In order to be eligible, people must meet the requirements for the residential and senior exemptions.This legislation will also improve the accessibility of tax-related documents by providing residents with details about how to access their property tax information in multiple languages. This effort is being coordinated as part of the City of Boston's Office of Language and Communication Access citywide implementation plan.""As a city, it's critical we take every step possible to keep our elders housed and to support Bostonians in building and retaining wealth over generations,"" said Councilor Edwards. ""This ordinance is a win-win, helping economically vulnerable taxpayers keep their homes while meeting tax obligations to the city. I appreciate the partnership of the Mayor, city staff and my colleagues on the council in crafting this ordinance and I look forward to its signing.""""It is great to work with the Walsh Administration to provide more tools for our elderly residents and increase accessibility for non-English speaking Bostonians."" said co-sponsor Ed Flynn, District 2 City Councilor, ""Tax bills can be intimidating and this ordinance will make things easier for the taxpayers of Boston. I look forward to having this ordinance signed into law.""This ordinance continues to build on Boston's age-friendly work. Including its work to support senior homeowners. In 2016, Mayor Walsh announced an extension of theSenior Citizen Property Tax Work-Off Abatement program. The tax work-off abatement law allows a city or town to establish a program giving property owners 60 years or older the opportunity to volunteer services to their city or town in exchange for a reduction in property tax.Across Boston, theAge-Friendly Bostoninitiative was launched in 2014 when Mayor Walsh joined the network of the World Health Organization age-friendly cities through AARP, the United States affiliate. In May of 2017, the City of Boston's Commission on Affairs of the Elderly released theAge-Friendly Action Plan, a comprehensive plan with 75 action items to create an environment where older adults continue to lead healthy and productive lives in Boston."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Mass Mentoring Partnership (MMP) and leaders from mentoring programs across the city to announce the Mayor's Mentoring Movement has exceeded 2,300 mentors. The Mayor's Mentoring Movement was launched in 2014 with the initial goal to recruit 1,000 new mentors to serve Boston youth. ""Through our work with Mass Mentoring Partnership, we have been able to provide our youth with even more opportunities to succeed,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We know that mentoring relationships lead to brighter futures for our young people and stronger neighborhoods. We will continue to recruit more mentors to ensure that every young person has access to these empowering relationships.""The mentors recruited through the Mayor's Mentoring Movement are matched with young people across the City of Boston through mentoring programs serving youth in a variety of settings. The volunteers include adults who live and work in the city as well as many City of Boston employees. Mentors encourage positive choices, promote high self-esteem, and academic achievement.""We want to thank our mentoring program partners for all of their work to make these relationships happen for Boston youth,"" said Beth Fraster, Vice President & Chief Program Officer at Mass Mentoring Partnership. ""And we thank Mayor Walsh for his continued commitment to this initiative and his dedication to supporting young people across the city.""""Her words of affirmation and encouragement definitely help me move beyond what I can see for myself,"" said Denaisha Lesley-Coburn on her mentor, Sandra Torres. ""I think that's very important because sometimes we know what we are capable of doing, but when we have other people to shine a light on those facts or things that you are able to do, it pushes you even more.""Mass Mentoring Partnership (MMP) is fueling the movement to expand empowering youth-adult relationships to meet the needs of communities across Massachusetts. With offices in Boston and in Holyoke, MMP serves hundreds of mentoring programs and youth development organizations statewide supporting thousands of youth in mentoring relationships. For more information, please visitmassmentors.org"
People coming into the City for the event are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Marchers will gather on the Boston Common and the parade will begin at 12 PM. The route is Charles Street, left onto Boylston Street, left onto Tremont Street, straight onto Cambridge Street, right onto City Hall Plaza.Traffic will be detoured away from the route between 11:50AM and 12:30 PM.In addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Tommy Nototo demolish the residential building located at 40 Westmoreland Street (behind #42 Westmoreland)Dorchester,MA 02124.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 16, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Richard Lyndsto demolish the buildingslocated at 152-4 Liverpool Street,75-85 Liverpool Street,425 Border Street, 277 Border Street,287-93 Maverick Street,and 804-6 Saratoga Street in East Boston,MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 16, 2018.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement (MOIA) recently announced that 2018 World Series champion Red Sox Manager Alex Cora, tax and advisory firm KPMG, and the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston (MFA), will be honorees at 2018's ""We Are Boston"" Gala taking place on Tuesday, November 27 at the Park Plaza Hotel. ""We Are Boston"" is the largest event of its kind, raising funds for the MOIA Mini-Grant Program, which supports local nonprofit organizations that help Boston area immigrants.""Boston's strength is derived from its cultural diversity and wonderful traditions represented within each of Boston's diverse communities,"" said Mayor Walsh, the son of Irish immigrants. ""Every year we hold the We Are Boston Gala to recognize the important contributions of our communities and signal to our city that Boston is and always will be a welcoming city to everyone regardless of circumstance or status.""Last year's ""We Are Boston"" Galafunded ten immigrant-led nonprofit organizationsthat deliver a combination of services to immigrants including welcoming and supporting evacuees from recent natural disasters organizing and hosting immigration legal screening clinics and hosting and facilitating family-preparedness education workshops. Twenty-eight percent of Boston's population comprises immigrant communities.At the Gala, Mayor Walsh will present four awards that honor outstanding accomplishments of organizations and individuals who embrace diversity and cultural heritage as part of their work or charitable activities. The 2018 We Are Boston awards and recipients are:The Pride of Boston Award,awarded this year to World Series Champion Red Sox Manager Alex Cora for supporting and advocating for underrepresented and underserved communities, regardless of place of origin. Through his approaches and actions, Cora has contributed to building a united Boston by supporting Bostonians and their communities of origin. In his first year as manager and alongside Mayor Walsh, he delivered an airplane full of aid supplies to Hurricane Maria survivors to his native Puerto Rico, and brought the city its fourth World Series championship. Photos from that trip areavailable here.The We Are Boston Corporate Leadership Honoree,awarded to KPMG for its business' embrace of diversity and its significant contributions to Boston's immigrant communitiesThe 2018 Community Champion Honoree,given to the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston to recognize its MFA Citizens program, which since 2017 has offered free one-year family memberships to newly naturalized U.S. citizens living in Massachusetts andThe We Are Boston Youth Action Award Honorees,given to Lenylse Ferreira and Lina Huang are being recognized for their invaluable contributions in promoting and embracing Boston's rich diversity, and for facilitating immigrants' full participation in the life of the City of Boston.The 2018 Gala Co-Chairs are Verizon New England Region President Donna Cupelo and Mike Scannell, Senior Vice President for State Street Bank and President of State Street Foundation.""The 'We Are Boston' Gala is a special evening to celebrate our diverse cultures, and highlight the contributions immigrants and children of immigrants make to this city. It is also an opportunity to remind ourselves that the immigrant experience is not easy and that integration requires resilience,"" said Alejandra St. Guillen, director of the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement. ""At MOIA, we are more committed than ever to make sure that our immigrant neighbors, friends, families, colleagues in the city know that they belong, that they are part of the fabric of our city.""The Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement (MOIA) works to ensure the full participation of immigrants within the civic, economic, social and cultural life of Boston. Every year, MOIA assists over 2,000 residents by connecting them to English language classes, helping them obtain citizenship application assistance, facilitating access to city services, and providing accurate information about immigration laws -- all of which helps immigrants contribute socially and economically to the city.For more information, please visitboston.gov/immigrants."
"Today, the City of Boston Elections Department released preparations for the State Election taking placetomorrow, November 6, 2018.The polls in Boston will open at 7 a.m. and close at 8 p.m. To check your voter status and find your voting location, please visithere.Ballots have been printed for Boston's 413,113 registered voters, following a successfultwo-week early voting period that took place from October 22 to November 2, 2018. During this early voting period,Boston residents had the option to vote early at City Hall, as well as21locations covering each of the nine City Council districts. More than 28,000 voters cast their ballots early, representing almost seven percent of the registered voters in the City of Boston.Collectively, early voting was available to all Boston residents for an average of eight hours daily over the course of the two weeks.All polling places will be equipped with an Automark machine, which assists voters with sensory and physical limitations in marking their ballots and provides translation assistance. The following languages will be available at the polls and/or through a central translator telephone bank:SpanishChinese (both Mandarin and Cantonese dialects)VietnameseHaitian CreoleCape Verdean CreoleRussianThe Elections Department has recruited and trained more more than1,700poll workers to staff more than 154 polling locations, covering all 255 precincts. From answering calls from residents, to working the polling locations, to counting ballots, poll workers play a vital role in the success of Election Day. Through a collaboration between the Elections Department and the Boston Public Schools (BPS), there will be 50 BPS students, over the age of 16, who will serve as poll workers on the State Election.All absentee ballot applications must be in the possession of the Elections Department by noon today, November 5, 2018. Voters planning to vote absentee in person must do so by noon as well.Voters who requested an absentee ballot by mail must have their marked ballot returned to the Boston Election Department in room 241 either by mail or in person before 8 p.m. on tomorrow, November 6, 2018. Ballots that are not received by then will not be counted.To help boost civic engagement, residents are encouraged to use hashtag #BostonVotes on social media platforms with photos of ""I voted"" stickers.Unofficial election results will be posted online at boston.gov/elections after the polls close at 8 p.m. Updates on turnout will be provided periodically via Twitter:@BostonElections, and theCity of Boston Elections Department's Facebook account.Please use the Election Department'swebsiteto receive additional information regarding the election registered voters are able to use the site to locate polling locations.Members of the media are reminded that certain rules must be followed in order to ensure a smooth voting process for voters.Interviews of voters are not allowed inside polling locations and must be done at least 150 feet away.Interviews with election officers at the polling locations are not allowed. Interview requests for the Election Department must be directed through the Press Office at (617) 635-4461.Photos and b-roll shots will be allowed under the supervision of each poll's warden.Photographers are reminded that zooming in on voter ballots and shots over the shoulders of voters will not be allowed - please respect every voter's right to a private ballot.The City of Boston Election Department will also be available for b-roll shots starting at 7:30 a.m.The unofficial election results will be posted online atboston.govafter the polls close at 8:00 p.m.Updates will be provided periodically via our Facebook and Twitter account:@BostonElectionsPlease do not call the Election Department for results: you will only be referred to the website."
People coming into the City for the event are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.An estimated 2,500 runners will participate. The race will begin and end on Charles Street at the Boston Common. Runners will gather on Charles Street, between Boylston Street and Beacon Street, prior to the 8 AM start time. From Charles Street, runners will turn left onto Beacon Street, left onto Arlington Street, right onto Commonwealth Avenue outbound, left onto Charlestgate West, left onto Commonwealth Avenue inbound, left onto Arlington Street, right onto Beacon Street and right onto Charles Street.Road closures along the race route are expected to be between 7:45 AM and 9:30 AM, with roads being opened up as the tail of the race proceeds toward the finish line.In addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 6 AM to 11 AM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
Located at 110 Atlantic Avenue on Bostons historic waterfront, Christopher Columbus Park is transformed into a beautiful holiday display when the parks 260 feet of trellis are illuminated with 50,000 blue lights along with 14 decorated trees near Tias, the Marriott Long Wharf Hotel, and throughout the park.Entertainment will be provided by students and instructors from the North End Music and Performing Arts Center, Berklee College of Music vocalist Natalie Daniela Castro Diaz, singer Sharon Zeffiro performing a selection of holiday classics, and special guests Santa Claus, Rudolph, and Frosty. In addition, the Postmaster of Boston Nicolas Francescucci will unveil the new US Postal Service holiday stamp.Refreshments, holiday treats, and giveaways will be provided by the Marriot Long Wharf Hotel, Joes American Bar & Grill Waterfront, HP Hood LLC, Drakes Cakes, and Magic 106.7.For more information on the Trellis Lighting, please call 617-635-4505, visit the Friends of Christopher Columbus Park website, the Boston Parks and Recreation Departmentwebsite, or visit ourFacebook page.
The end of the year is approaching.With multiple holidays on the horizon, a wide array of emotions can be overwhelming. It can be a wonderful time of the year, spent cherishing memories with friends and family, celebrating good food and our connections with one another. It can also be a stressful time for many who cope with the increase in responsibilities,grief or loss, financial issues, and obligations that can feel overpowering.We at the City of Boston Employee Assistance Programencourage extra focus on self-care, especially during this time of the year. Pay attention to your body and your state of mind. Set small, manageable daily goals for shopping and holiday preparation. Do not be afraid to ask for support or help. If you live with an active mental health issue, the National Alliance on Mental Illness provides a helpful checklist for self-care.Often the holidays can be a stressful time of year due to the financial burden that comes along with celebrating, especially for lower-income families.Listed below are resources that can provide aid for Thanksgiving and the winter holidays:As always, please feel free to contact the Employee Assistance Program for further support and counseling as needed, and have a warm and restful November.
Several streets in Boston's neighborhoods will be closed to traffic on Wednesday, October 31, due to Halloween related events. Drivers are asked to detour around these areas, and totravel slowly and carefully on all other local streets as children will be out enjoying the holiday .The following streets in the Back Bay will be closed to traffic from 5:30 PM to 8:30 PM.The following streets on Beacon Hill will be closed to traffic from 4 PM to 8 PM.The following streets in Charlestown will be closed to traffic from 4 PM to 8 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Wednesday 12 PM to 8 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as well.The following streets in Dorchester will be closed to traffic.The following streets in Jamaica Plain will be closed to traffic from 4:30 PM to 8 PM.The following streets in Roslindale will be closed to traffic.The following streets in South Boston will be closed to traffic from 2:00 PM to 8 PM.The following streets in the South End will be closed to traffic from 5 PM to 8 PM.
The use of propane as a temporary/interim alternative fuel source within the City of Boston will be reviewed for approval, based on following the regulations and documentation required pursuant to this policy. Temporary permits issued under this policy shall be in accordance with the Boston Fire Prevention Code, 527 CMR 1.00, NFPA 58 - 2014 edition, and NFPA 241. In addition, permit approval is subject to other factors attendant to the subject property, including, but not limited to, the population and structural density of the neighborhood, classification of the occupancy, type of structure, and any other additional safeguards as proposed by the applicant. In the event this policy conflicts with other applicable policies, regulations, ordinances, statutes, or laws, the policy, ordinance, regulation, statute, or law that establishes the higher standard for the promotion and protection of safety and welfare shall prevail. The Fire Commissioner shall have the authority to determine which policy, regulation, ordinance, statute, or law establishes the higher standard for the promotion and protection of safety and welfare. The Fire Commissioner reserves the right to rescind this policy.Applicants requesting propane as a temporary/interim alternative fuel source shall be subject to the following requirements:Enforcement of this policy will be subject to the interpretation of the City of Boston Fire Commissioner.This Policy shall be effective as of October 26, 2018, subject to rescission by the Fire Commissioner in the interests of public safety and welfare.
"On October 12, 2018, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the 2018-2019 Mayor's SPARK Boston Council. The diverse, 40-member group will spend the next 12 months working to continue to open up new lines of communication between young adults and leaders in City government.The 2018-2019 SPARK Boston Council is comprised of 40 Boston residents, who live in 17 different neighborhoods across Boston.This group includes architects, entrepreneurs, teachers, undergraduate and graduate students, community organizers, restaurant professionals, lawyers, and representatives from many other industries across the public and private sectors. Over a fourth of the Council are native Bostonians, while others grew up as far outside of Boston as El Salvador, Florida, France, Georgia, Mississippi, India and beyond.""A city's success and community is determined by who shows up and gets involved,"" said Amy Mahler, SPARK Boston Director. ""SPARK Boston trains this cohort of young Bostonians on how our city government works, how to participate in our civic institutions, and how our neighborhoods define our City. Together, we'll create and connect programming and resources to help our peers, serve as a focus group for City leaders and programs, and participate in Boston's civic life. As long as we live in Boston, it is our responsibility and privilege to serve and support our home.""SPARK Boston, housed in the Mayor's Civic Engagement Cabinet, is responsible for advising Mayor Walsh on issues affecting the millennial population and working with City departments and community stakeholders to help solve those issues. Directed by Amy Mahler, the Council holds general meetings once a month, attends community meetings monthly and puts on programs focusing on connecting millennials with these partners. Programs include neighborhood socials, salary negotiation workshops, homeownership and leadership open houses, and Chief Chats, a new series of events which allows citizens to hear directly from Mayor Walsh's Cabinet Chiefs on a variety of issues and ask questions on those subjects."
The parade startsat Fenway Park. The parade route will:The parade route will be closed to traffic starting as early as 5 a.m. on Wednesday. If you park near the parade route, please make sure to check the posted street signs. You can learn more about parking and traffic restrictions below.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Timothy Johnsonto demolish the garagelocated at 194 K Street in South Boston,MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 4, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Ryan Sillery with CPC Ericsson Street LLCto demolish the commercial structures located at 6R, 8R, 12R, and 18 Ericsson Street in Dorchester,MA 02122.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 5, 2018.
In the event that the Red Sox play in a deciding World Series game this weekend, a number of parking restrictions will be in effect at several locations in the City of Boston. If the deciding game takes place on either Saturday or Sunday night, please adhere to the following parking restrictions.No Stopping Boston Police Special Event 2PM to 2AM parking restrictions will be in effect at the following locations
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Adam Burnsto demolish the auto body shop located at 10-16 Everett Street in East Boston,MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 4,2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Tim Johnsonto demolish the residential structurelocated at 10 WendellerStreet in South Boston,MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 4, 2018.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture today announced the winners of the second annual National Arts ProgramAwards for City of Boston employees and their families.The National Arts Program is a great way to recognize City of Boston employees and their dedication to improving the City through their work, as well as their creativity, said Mayor Walsh. I enjoyed seeing the artwork displayed throughout City Hall, and I look forward to having it on display for the next few weeks.Founded in 1982, the National Arts Programencourages the creative talent of government employees to come forth and be recognized by the public. As part of this program, City of Boston employees and immediate family members were invited to display their art at Boston City Hall.The exhibition is on display through December 7, 2018, in spaces throughout City Hall, including the the 2nd Floor Mayors Neighborhood Gallery, the 3rd Floor Scollay Square Gallery, and the 5th Floor Mayors Gallery.There are currently over 100 works of art showcasing the talent of employees who work for the City of Boston including the Boston Fire Department, the Boston Police Department, Boston Public Schools and many other public agencies. On display are sculptures, paintings and photographs.A reception and awards ceremony was held Friday at Boston City Hall. There were several categories of awards, including Adult Amateurs, Adult Intermediates, Adult Professionals, Teens 13-18, Youth 12 andUnder, Art Education, and Best of Show. A total of $3,250 in cash prizes was awarded to participants.The jurors for the National Arts ProgramAwards, Sean Cummings, Yelena Synkova, and Sam Belisle, were winners of the Fay Chandler Emerging Artist Awards earlier this fall.The jurors awarded the Best of Show prize to Hala Ashour, a Boston Public Schools employee. Other award winners included:National Arts Program Best in Show winner Hala Ashour with Chief of Arts and Culture Kara Elliott-Ortega and Mayor Walsh.The National Arts Program has given us the opportunity to shine a light on those whose creativity and artistic talent often goes unnoticed, said Kara Elliott-Ortega. By encouraging City of Boston employees to share their art, were expanding creative thinking into every single department in the City.You can learn more about the City Hall galleries on Boston.gov.
People coming into the City for these eventsare encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.The Madonna Della Cava Halloween Parade will begin at 2 PM on Battery Street in the North End. An estimated 300 participants will turn left onto Hanover Street, left onto Fleet Street, right onto North Street, left onto Lewis Street, right onto Richmond Street, right onto Hanover Street, right onto Battery Street.Streets along the route are expected to be closed to traffic from approximately 1:45 PM to 2:45 PM with streets re-opening as the parade proceeds along the route.In addition, the following location will be closed to traffic from 9 AM to 4 PM for the Madonna Della Cava Halloween Party.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday and Sunday 9 AM to 5 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Night of the Great Pumpkin Event will take place in Charlestown.The following street will be closed to traffic from 8 AM to 8 PM.A Fall Festival will take place in Roxbury.The following street will be closed to traffic from 2 PM to 6 PM.The Out of the Darkness Walk will begin at 10 AM on City Hall Plaza. An estimated 1,500 participants will turn right onto Cambridge Street, right onto New Chardon Street, right onto Congress Street, right onto State Street, straight onto Court Street, right onto Cambridge Street, and end at City Hall Plaza.Brief traffic delays are expected as participants make their way along the route.The East BOOston Y 5K will begin at 9 AM at the Bremen Street Park near #215 Bremen Street in East Boston. An estimated 300 participants will run from the Bremen Street Park, to the East Boston Greenway, enter the East Boston Greenway, exit onto Marginal Street, to Piers Park, and back to the East Boston Greenway to the Bremen Street Park.Minimal traffic disruption on Marginal Street is expected through 10:30 AM.Tow Zone No Stopping Sunday 8AM to 11AM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh is encouraging youth to submit ideas for ""Youth Lead the Change,"" the first participatory budgeting process in North America by and for young people. Boston youth ages 12-22 have the opportunity to submit capital project ideas for spending $1 million of the City of Boston's capital budget by Friday, November 30, 2018.""By involving young people in the budget process, we are empowering our future leaders and supporting what really matters to them,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Their hard work and innovative ideas allow us to complete unique, community-enhancing projects across the City.""Over the past five years, the City has allocated $6 million in capital funds and thousands of young people have nominated projects for funding. Past ideas selected for funding have included expanding Wicked Free WiFi, installing water bottle refilling stations at parks, installing fans in schools, placing solar panels on City-owned property, creating a media center for youth in City Hall, placing newer trash cans and recycling bins in select neighborhoods, adding new security cameras in Dorchester's Dr. Loesch Family Park, and many more.""Youth Lead the Change is an incredibly powerful program that provides youth the opportunity to amplify their voice and create tangible and meaningful change in the community,"" said Chief of Health and Human Services Marty Martinez. ""Through this effort, youth have a seat at the decision-making table by allocating significant monies to promote and advance the well being of youth throughout the city.""""Thanks to the vision of Mayor Walsh, I have the opportunity to help empower young people across Boston to become civically engaged and to play a part in influencing the future of their city,"" said Daniel Byran, age 17,Youth Director for Youth Lead the Change.""YLC serves as the first opportunity for young people to participate in civic life. Where else do teenagers have the opportunity to spend a million dollars of their city's budget? Nowhere.""Youth Lead the Change is managed by Department of Youth Engagement & Employment, formerly a Division of Boston Centers for Youth & Family (BCYF), and theMayor's Youth Counciloversees the process in partnership with youth organizations across Boston. The Mayor's Youth Council is a group of 85 high school-aged youth committed to improving their communities and empowering other young people in Boston.Young Bostonians ages 12-22 can submit their ideas atBoston.gov/youth-lead-changeby Friday, November 30, 2018.The Department of Youth Engagement & Employment serves as a youth engagement resource center. The Department aims to connect, advocate and support youth constituents and stakeholders. For over 23 years, DYEE has provided Boston's youth with the necessary skills and competencies to transition into young adulthood. As the largest city-funded youth workforce development agency in the nation and a pioneer in youth civic engagement, YEE continues to serve as a pipeline for youth engagement in the City of Boston."
Thank you Micheal [Chamberlain] and thank you Jim [Rooney] for all you do at the Chamber. I was honored to help you kick off the Fierce Urgency of Now, the Chambersfestival for millennials of color. We had a great conversation with the next generation of leaders in our city.2018 is shaping up to be one of the best years in Bostons history. I want to congratulate the Red Sox for winning their most games evernot to mention beating the Yankees.Baseballs not the only way were winning. This year, Boston passed New York City in total venture capital funding. We are Number One on the East Coast for advancing innovation. And the World Economic Forum recently recognized us as the fifth most future proof city in the world, due to our strength in education, technology, and the environment.In this time of uncertainty for our nation and our world, cities must leadand Boston is the leader of cities. Were the city thats world-class because it works for the middle class. We continue to add 20,000 new jobs each year. Unemployment has been below 4% since June of 2017.Our Housing Plan has produced nearly 28,000 new homes. By the end of this year, we will have created more income-restricted, affordable homes than any four-year period onrecord. Now, weve increased our 2030 housing goal by 30%, to 69,000 homes. And we launched a regional plan with 14 other cities and towns. Over $9.3 billion of development is in construction. This year weve already added another $6.8 billion to the pipelinewell ahead of last years pace. This summer, we appointed Bostons first African-American Police Commissioner, Willie Gross. Hes here with us.In June we hosted the U.S. Conference of Mayors. We advanced a better national conversation, and we set a record for the number of mayors marching in a Pride Parade. We continued our historic run of perfect, AAA bond ratings for the fifth consecutive year. Working with our public employee unions, we have saved $50 million in health care costs since 2014. And we are on track to fully fund employee pension obligations by 2025, 15 years ahead of the state requirement. Working with the City Council, in June we enacted a $3.3 billion budgetbalanced and on timewith record investments in schools, public safety, roads and bike lanes, parks and libraries, arts and culture, in every neighborhood. We have selected a committee to begin the search for the next Superintendent of the Boston Public Schools. In the meantime, we built 30 school kitchens to provide students with fresh cooked food. We opened the state-of-the-art Dearborn STEM Academy, Bostons first new-built high school in 23 years. Weve got more four-year-olds in high-quality pre- kindergarten than any time in our citys history. Tech Boston won the state championship in boys basketball. Our principal turnover was less than half the national averagethe new leaders we did hire are 61% people of color. And Craig Martin of the Perkins School in South Boston was named Elementary Principal of the Year in Massachusetts. Hes here with us as well. Boston is growing. Our population is approaching 700,000 for the first time since the early 1960s. Whats even better, more Bostonians are thriving. We are not only creating opportunity, we are constantly working on reducing inequality. And we are not only building new homes and businesses, we are sharing opportunity all across our city.I could spend all morning expounding on our citys success. Today, I need to do something different. I am going to focus on one topic. But its a topic that impacts everything we do in our city: all of our plans and policies, every sector of our economy, safety and quality of life in all our neighborhoods. Its the challenge of climate change, and its an urgent priority. Im going to outline the scope of the threat posed by sea level rise, severe storms, flooding, and heat. And I am going to offer a plan for us to meet this challenge, comprehensively, together, as a city. Its a plan to protect our waterfront, and much more. Its a plan to protect our people protect their homes and their jobs protect businesses large and small protect schools, parks, and roads, senior centers and daycare facilities. Its also a plan to connect our peopleto open space, to Boston Harbor, to opportunity. Its a vision of environmental, economic, and social resilience, and Im going to ask for your help making it a reality. But first, let me tell you what weve already done.Weve led the fight for climate action, here in Boston. We&#39ve been ranked the Number One city for energy efficiency in the United States for five years. We are one of the firstAmerican cities to set a target of being carbon neutral by 2050. At the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Paris, we won the top award for community engagement. And when the White House pulled out of the Paris agreement, we led a coalition of cities that remain committed to our planet and to our peoples wellbeing. We've expanded open space across the city, making us Number One in the nation for resident access to parks. Were investing in green transportation, with protected bike lanes in Roxbury, the South End, and North End expanded bike share access in Mattapan, Roslindale, and Dorchester and strengthened partnerships with the MBTA to increase public transit use. This June we hosted an international climate summit. At that summit, we convened a group of cities focused on buying renewable energy collectively. And at home, were launching a Community Choice Energy program to provide the same opportunity to our residents.Im proud of our leadership. But the fact is, climate change is already here. Just look at what other cities have faced. In 2012, Super Storm Sandy inflicted $70 billion worth of damage and caused the deaths of 71 people. It brought Lower Manhattans financial sector to a standstill. Last year, Hurricane Harvey caused $125 billion of damage and 68 deaths in Houston and Southeast Texas. Hurricane Maria devastated Puerto Rico and caused over 3,000 people to lose their lives. We welcomed hundreds of survivors to Boston, and I saw the impact up close when I visited Puerto Rico with Red Sox manager Alex Cora. Last month, Florence caused the evacuation of the Carolina coast, with at least 45 deaths. And just last week, Hurricane Michael was the fourth strongest storm ever to make landfall in the United States of America. Its already done $30 billion of damage so far, and killed at least 26 people. The science is clear: Climate change has given us hotter and more volatile weather it has amplified the frequency and impact of severe storms and it has increased the rate of sea level rise. An international panel of scientists just released a new report saying major impacts could hit worldwide as early as 2040. We dont have to look far for early warning signs. A dumpster floating down the street at Fort Point in January. Blue Line tracks underwater in March. Floodwaters in Christopher Columbus Park, reaching the Rose Kennedy Greenway for the first time. King tides that routinely flood the Harbor Walk. Driftwood on a soccer field at LoPresti Park in East Boston. The hottest and most humid summer in our recorded historythis year. Climate change is very real to Bostonians. We are working every day to be a Climate Ready Boston. We review and upgrade Emergency Management systems, across every department, to be as prepared as possible. Now we are releasing resilient design standards for infrastructure, so private construction on public rights-of-way can protect our neighborhoods from flooding. And we are currently designing a resilient zoning overlay district to strengthen building requirements in the future floodplain. But even if we are in the lead with our response, this race has only just begun. The dark areas on this map show Bostons flood risk in 2070. Were not just planning for the next storm we will facewere planning for storms the next generation will face.This is a moment theyll look back and judge us by. I want to address one proposal thats been discussed for several years: a massive barrier across Boston Harbor. Besides taking decades to complete, a barrier would bring its own set of serious ecological issues. The fact is, were all here, in this city we love, because of a naturally sheltered harbor. We built Boston on it. We cleaned it up. Instead of walling off our Harbor, we need to work with it. Shoreline projects are more feasible and more effective ways to increase our citys resilience. We have to focus on the most vulnerable areas on the flood maps, the entry points for water into our city. Here you see Fort Point Channel and Moakley Park. They are underwater in a storm. And they also start flood pathways that run deep into our neighborhoods, from Chinatown and the South End, to Dorchester and Roxbury. We have to take action to protect our neighborhoods. We need to address unique conditions at each point on our shore and create tailored solutions, responsive to the communitys needs. So thats what weve done. We engaged the experts. We listened to the communitys deep local knowledge. And we identified ways to protect our neighborhoods that also enhance access and enjoyment of our waterfront.Today were releasing a Climate Ready plan for South Boston. It joins an existing plan for East Boston and Charlestown. And now we are launching plans for Downtown and the North End--as well as the entire Dorchester shore. Together, these plans offer coastal resilience solutions spanning our entire 47-mile shoreline. This is our vision of a Resilient Boston. Its a system not of barricades but of beachesand parks and trails and open spacesthat are elevated to block floods and enhanced to unlock opportunity. It calls for 67 acres of new open space and 122 acres of revitalized open space on our waterfront. It links to our Emerald Necklace and reflects the same values of public health, public access, and world-class design. Its a vision of a city more connected to our waterfrontand to each other.Im excited to share our vision and our progress towards achieving it. Let me take you on a brief journey down our waterfront. In East Boston and Charlestown, our goal is to restore and renew the spaces along our inner harbor. In Charlestown, weve committed funds to elevate Main Street as part of the Rutherford Ave.-Sullivan Square redesign. This will block the primary flood pathway through the neighborhood. Next steps include elevating Ryan Playground and redeveloping the Schrafft Center waterfront. In East Boston, we have completed a deployable flood wall on the East Boston Greenway. When storm surge hits, the wall can be raised to block the Marginal Street flood path, protecting 4,200 residents, at least 70 businesses, and critical utility and transit infrastructure. We are working with Tom Glynn at Massport, along with the East Boston community, on Piers Park Phase Two. It will double the amount of greenspace to 10 acres, and elevate it for protection. We must also restore Wood Island and Belle Isle Marsh. Its the last tidal salt marsh in Boston and will disappear if we don't act. Were working with the Suffolk Downs development on a resilient design with community access. Weve also identified opportunities along Bennington Street to block storm surge. And were working with community groups to increase access to the waterfront. Here you can see the opportunity for a renovated and resilient Constitution Beach. Its aperfect example of our win-win strategy. We will make the places our neighbors love the spaces that keep our neighborhoods safe. Turning to the Downtown and North End waterfront: flood risk threatens our financial center, our tourist destinations, and our oldest residential neighborhoods. But were notabout to retreat from our historic waterfront. Instead we have to adapt and activate it. Well elevate sections of the Harborwalk. Well create connections to the Rose KennedyGreenway. Well reimagine Sargent&#39s Wharfits now only a parking lot. Well revitalize and elevate Langone-Puopolo Park in the North End. Well work with the Friends of Christopher Columbus Park on a new design. And well enhance Long Wharf as a hub for water transportation. In other words: well make the Harbor where Boston was born, thegateway to Bostons future. In South Boston, our new resilience plan shows how climate action can bring our city together.The conversation is often about the Seaport. In fact, new buildings are being developed at a high standard of resilience, including Seaport Square, where Amazon and other companieswill be located. And projects like 150 Seaport Boulevard are expanding our Harborwalk. Its older building stock that we need to be more worried about. And its points on the shorewhere floodwaters enter our city. Thats why, last fall, I announced our intention to create a signature, resilient park system around Fort Point Channel. We are working with all the property owners around the Channel to make this plan a reality. This kind of collaboration will be essential to all our future work. I want to thank General Electric for taking the lead on resilient building design Gillette for advancing a climate-ready plan for their waterfront as well as Synergy, Hunneman, the Childrens Museum, and Mass. Development. In addition, we are applying for a FEMA mitigation grant of $10 million to begin the resilience work and the Boston Water andSewer Commission has begun installing essentialinfrastructure for reducing flood risk. In the meantime, we are nearing completion of Martin's Park, the first step in this new Fort Point Channel. Named for Martin Richard, its an inclusive playground with a climate-ready design. It embodies the values we want for all our future parks.Across the neighborhood at Moakley Park, we have been working with residents on a resilient redesign. Whatever emerges from this community process, it's going to protect South Boston, Dorchester, Roxbury, the South End, and Back Bay it will be an even more welcoming space than it is now and the first people a resilient Moakley Park will protect are thousands of residents of the Anne Lynch, Old Colony, and Mary Ellen McCormack public housing developmentsas well as all their neighbors. These developments, and this park, represent Boston's historic commitment to our collective wellbeing. That's the legacy we build on.And when we complete the Emerald Necklace along Columbia Road from Franklin Park to Moakley Park, well increase access to the waterfront for all the residents of our city. We'vecommitted $11 million from the sale of Winthrop Square Garage, for that purpose. The rest of our coastline to the south, we envision as a resilient, accessible, and connectedDorchester shore, the kind you see here. Notice how many residential communities this shoreline can protect. We are working with the state on the Morrissey Boulevard redesign, to stop the flooding, protect the neighborhood from future risk, and open up more of our waterfront. The Neponset River Trail starts in Mattapan. We want to complete its connection to the Harbor Walk, from Tenean Beach to Victory Road Park. Well continue all the way up to Columbia Point, where we have a strong partnership with UMass Boston and we will work with the developer of the Bayside site. Well open up the waterfront for our largest, most diverse neighborhoods and we'll ask residents what amenities they&#39d like to see, including more public transit and better roadway connections. This is the opportunity a resilient Harbor presentsto protect Boston, connect Boston, and enhance Boston, now and for future generations. Weve already started to make it a reality. Weve made investments. Weve launched community conversations. Weve completed projects and weve increased resilience at points along every stretch of our waterfront. But there's no partial credit for this project. We have a lot more work to do. And we need to do it together.At each point in the plan there are challenges. Multiple property owners. Multiple jurisdictions. Funding needs. The Harborwalk alone touches 356 different properties. Its ashared resource and a shared obligation. We can't let these manmade hurdles hold us back. The risk is too great and the opportunity too good. I mentioned what major storms have done to other cities. Consider whats at stake for Boston. Our downtown financial engines are at stake. Hundreds of small businesses are at stake. Many thousands of homes are at stake. Billions of dollars of public and private investment, and property, and infrastructure are at stake. No project we take on today will cost anywhere near as much as doing nothing.Weve done the math. In East Boston, we could invest $160 million in resilience. Or we could do nothing, and expect damages of $480 million. In Charlestown, we could invest $50 million now. Or pay over $200 million later. In South Boston, we could invest $1 billion. Or we could pay $19 billion in citywide damages, when Fort Point Channel and Dorchester Bay meet and flood the heart of our city.We either invest now, or else we pay a much bigger price later. And well pay that price in more than dollars. Well pay it in jobs lost, small businesses that never recover, homes destroyed and families displaced. Thats why we are investing millions of dollars at the sites I mentioned today. And thats why well go further. To begin, we pledge at least 10% of all new capital spending to resilience projects. Were also developing resources like Green bonding through our Renew Boston Trust the Community Preservation Act voters passed two years ago and public-private coalitions like the Green Ribbon Commission. But however committed we are, and however creative we are, the City of Boston cannot do this alone. The impacts of climate change, and the benefits of resilience, are shared: across every level of government, every class of property, and every sector of our economy. So we must share in the obligations as well.We will work with our neighboring cities and towns on Harbor-wide solutions. And Im grateful to our state partners, for the work we've done together, so far. But we have to do more. We have to design and fund more ambitious solutions. Boston is the capital city of Massachusetts and the engine of New Englands economy. The state and the region depend on our resilience. Well also work with our congressional delegation on opportunities like the FEMA grant, reminding the federal government that mitigation aid now is cheaper than disaster relief later. Philanthropy also has a vital role to play. The Barr Foundation is our lead partner in this planning. I ask anyone who wants to have deep and lasting impact, to join Barr, and get involved. We want our plan on the leading edge of where social equity and climate resilience intersect.Finally, I appeal directly to the business community in Boston. I know as property owners, decision-makersand citizensyou are engaged with climate change and its impacts. Youve built green buildings. Youve elevated your systems. Youve put in flood barriers. Those are critical steps. But they cant be the only steps, because one day soon you could find yourself on an island in your resilient buildingliterally. And neither your workers, nor our first responders, will be able to get there.Resilience is an ecosystem asset, not an individual one. Property lines are no protection against a flood. We need to weave our efforts together into one resilient shore that is stronger than the sum of its parts. Thats what our plan makes possible. If your property is on the water or your property is one mile inland, you are at risk. Wherever you are in Boston, the ability of your employees to get to work and the ability of your suppliers to make deliveries are at risk. We can, and we must, fund and build solutions together.The climate work weve done, and the plan I share today, protect your property, protect your workforce, and protect your investments. We need your leadership to make it areality. Whether its installing resilient infrastructure, or contributing to an open space upgrade: You can strengthen your investments you can protect the community you are a part of and we can create an even better city to do business in. I hope, like me, you'll see it as our citys obligation to the generations who come after us. I also hope, like me, you see it as Bostons opportunity to once again lead the way forward on an issue of vital national importance. My team will be reaching out, on how you can get involved. But dont wait for us. Visit the website to learn more. We welcome your input, your expertise, your investmentsyour partnership. I started off today talking about our citys success. Im not just here to say its all at risk due to climate change. Im here to say our success is proof that we have the talent, resources,and innovation we need to rise to this challenge.Weve done big things on our Harbor before. And we did them together. Everyone played a role. We started a Revolution that made America, and we welcomed the immigrants who built America. We filled the Back Bay, created the Esplanade, and built neighborhoods on land reclaimed from the water. We made room for an international airport, a public university, and some of the best urban parks and beaches in the world. We created a Harborwalk, thanks to the foresight of city planners. Not long ago, we dug a Third Harbor Tunnel, built an iconic bridge, and buried two interstate highwaysbringing the people of Boston closer to their waterfront. We cleaned the Harbor, we opened up the Harbor Islandsand now we see not just people, but whales and seals and all kinds of marine life returning to our waters.Today, I call on those same qualities of hard work and high ambitionBostons drive to not only solve tough problems, but set new standardsas we enter a new era in our Harbor citys history. Lets show the world that resilience is more than the ability to survive adversity, it's the will to emerge even stronger than you were before. Thats the promise of a Resilient Boston. That's the past, present, and future of our city. Thats what I know we can do together.Thank you, God Bless You, and God Bless the City of Boston.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Mitchell Modell, CEO of Modell's Sporting Goods, today announced $1 from the sale of every ""Beat L.A."" t-shirt sold by Modell's will go to benefitBoston's Way Home Fund, a City of Boston initiative designed to raise $10 million to help end chronic homelessness in the City. Mayor Walsh announced the Boston's Way Home Fund in his 2018 inauguration speech, and to date, the fund has raised $3.7 million to support Mayor Walsh's work to ensure all Bostonians have a stable, secure home.""We're excited to team up with Mayor Walsh and the Boston's Way Home Fund to help the local community during this exciting time for Boston,"" said Mitch Modell, CEO of Modell's Sporting Goods. ""Together we can help 'Beat LA' and beat homelessness"".TheBoston's Way Home Fund, a partnership with Pine Street Inn, has a set goal of raising $10 million over four years, with funds being used to create 200 new units of supportive, sustainable, long-term housing for chronically homeless individuals.In March, Mayor Walsh announcedPartners Healthcare, Suffolk, and Liberty Mutual have each given$1 million to the Boston's Way Home Fund, totaling $3 million to help Mayor Walsh's effort in ending chronic homelessness in the City of Boston. To date, the fund has raised $3.7 million.""Pine Street Inn is thrilled to partner with Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston on this important initiative to end homelessness in Boston. We appreciate the support of Boston's leading donors towards this $10 million fund. Funds raised will help provide 200 new units of supportive housing for homeless men and women,"" said Lyndia Downie, President & Executive Director of the Pine Street Inn. ""We are also grateful to Modell's Sporting Goods for their generous contribution for every World Series t-shirt sold.""While traditionally mayors and mayors-elect raise private funds for inauguration celebration costs, Mayor Walsh instead encouraged organizations and residents to learn more about the city's work to end chronic homelessness, and consider becoming involved in Boston's Way Home. Mayor Walsh's personal message from Inauguration Daycan be found here. In his January 2016 State of the City address, Mayor Walsh announced Boston had ended chronic veteran homelessness to date, nearly 850 homeless veterans have been housed. In 2016, the City scaled up its efforts to end chronic homelessness 606 chronically homeless individuals have been housed, representing more than 3,400 years of homelessness ended. Since its implementation, Boston's Way Home has also resulted in a complete redesign of the way Boston offers services to homeless individuals. Rather than counting on shelter as the solution to the issue, Boston has moved toward a housing-first model, where an individual's entrance into the shelter system is also their entrance to a path toward permanent, stable housing.Creating new permanent supportive housing is an important component ofBoston's Way Home, the City's plan to end chronic homelessness. Permanent supportive housing combines subsidized rental housing with individualized support services so that people with complex issues can receive the assistance they need to stay housed. The services are designed to build independent living skills and to connect people with services such as community-based health care, help with mental health issues, substance use counseling, and employment services.By definition, chronically homeless individuals have barriers that create challenges to remaining housed. These barriers can include physical disabilities, substance use disorders, and mental health issues, among others. Without additional assistance, some chronically homeless men and women are not able to maintain their homes. You can learn more about Boston's Way Home online."
The deadline to submit applications is November 13, 2018.The Boston School Committee is the governing body of the Boston Public Schools. The School Committee is responsible for:The seven members of the School Committee are Boston residents appointed by the Mayor to serve four-year staggered terms. The Mayor appoints members from a list of candidates recommended by a 13-member Citizens Nominating Panel composed of parents, teachers, principals and representatives of the business and higher education communities. The Committee also includes a non-voting student member of the Boston Student Advisory Council. The School Committee meets approximately twice per month during the school year to adopt, review and modify policies and practices that support teaching, learning and improved student achievement. With the exception of executive sessions, Committee meetings are open to the public, feature public comment periods and are broadcasted on Boston City TV. You can find applications for the Boston School Committee online. You can also learn more about the Boston School Committee online.
Dia de Muertos is celebrated in traditional Mexican homes where dearly departed family members are remembered by altars lovingly decorated with photographs, papel picado paper decorations, offerings of fruit, favorite food and drink, and candles.Guests are invited to send photos of their loved ones to be displayed on the altar in Copley Square and join in the Copley Square events on November 1 and 2 to celebrate Dia de Muertos and those whose memories we keep alive.Photos can be submitted online. Donations of picture frames can be made at Boston Centers for Youth & Families locations at Paris Street in East Boston, Grove Hall in Dorchester, Curtis Hall in Jamaica Plain, and Tobin Community Center in Mission Hill.The celebration also includes masses of fragrant orange cempaschil marigolds, also called the flor de muertos (flower of the dead) in Mexico and used in the Day of the Dead every November 2. The marigolds, with their bright orange color and scent, are thought to guide the spirits home. The City of Bostons Dia de Muertos altar in Copley Square will contain 500 pots of marigolds, grown from seed and tended to since August by Boston Parks and Recreation Department horticulturalists.
Local drivers are cautioned to detour around the Fenway Park area and fans heading to the game are strongly encouraged to leave their vehicles at home. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.The following streets will close to truck traffic at 6:00 PM.The following streets will close to all motor vehicles at 7:00 PM.The following temporary parking restrictions will be in effect. It is important for drivers to note that the fine for parking in a Fenway/Kenmore Resident Parking space on event days at Fenway Park is $100.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Tuesday and Wednesday MLB Shuttle Buses OnlyTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Tuesday and Wednesday Jersey StreetVan Ness StreetTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Tuesday and Wednesday signs on the following streets:Boylston StreetBrookline AvenueBurlington AvenueFullerton StreetIpswich Street Lansdowne StreetOverland StreetTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event HP Parking Only Tuesday and Wednesday signs on the following street:Boylston Street*
"The City of Boston today began its two-week early voting period for the November 6, 2018 State Election. ""Vote Early Boston"" runs through Friday, November 2, 2018, and City Hall is Boston's main early voting site, with voting from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays, and from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Voters are encouraged to enter City Hall through the North Side entrance to access the early voting location on the second floor.Neighborhood ""pop up"" polling locations will be available throughout the City on Tuesdays and Thursdays from12 p.m. to 8 p.m. during the early voting period. OnSaturday, October 27 and Sunday, October 28, there will be nine early voting locations open -- one in each City Council District -- from10 a.m. to 6 p.m.Voters may also vote early by mail or return their ballots in person at any early voting location. Voters interested in voting by mail must send theirearly voting requestby 12 p.m. on Friday, November 2. Unlike Absentee Voting, no excuse is needed to vote early. Any registered Boston voter can vote early at any early voting location.All early voting sites are equipped with electronic poll books for voter check in. Voters are advised that state-issued identifications are optional for quicker ""check in,"" but are not required. Early voting locations are well staffed with poll workers and interpreters, and fully accessible to voters with disabilities.At the end of each day, all voted ballots will be secured and sent to each voter's precinct to be counted onElection Day with all other ballots.Early voting was made possible by the Acts of 2014. During the 2016 inaugural early voting period, over 47,000 voters, representing over 17 percent of the total ballots cast, participated in early voting.Voters are encouraged to share their early voting experience on social media using the hashtag #VoteEarlyBoston. For more information, please visitboston.gov/departments/elections/vote-early-boston.Members of the media are reminded that certain rules must be followed in order to ensure a smooth voting process for voters.Interviews of voters are not allowed inside polling locations and must be done at least 150 feet away.Interviews with election officers at the polling locations are not allowed. Interview requests for the Election Department must be directed through the Press Office at 617-635-4461.Photos and b-roll shots will be allowed under the supervision of each poll's warden.Photographers are reminded that zooming in on voter ballots and shots over the shoulders of voters will not be allowed -- please respect every voter's right to a private ballot."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with the Boston Cultural Council, today announced over $26,800 has been awarded to 29 grantees in the fourth round of Opportunity Fund grants for 2018.Artists are doing incredible work in every neighborhood of our City, and its important that we continue to recognize and support their efforts, said Mayor Walsh. I look forward to seeing Bostons artists advance their careers and improve our communities through this program.The Opportunity Fund was launched in August 2016 with the goal of supporting individual artists in activities that help them share their work with the public, teach others, continue their professional development and hone their skills. Through the Opportunity Fund, artists and educators are provided grants of up to $1,000 for meaningful, one-time opportunities.The Opportunity Fund reopened in October 2017 with double the amount of funding and a modified structure including grants that are separated into five different categories, a rolling deadline for applications and new guidelines to help focus investment on artists of limited means and in communities with less access to cultural events or art-making. Including the latest round of funding, the Opportunity Fund has helped support 252 artists.Below is a sampling of the grantees selected for the fourth round of the 2018 Opportunity Fund:Art is not one size fits, all and neither is the spectrum of skills and resources artists need to create it., said Opportunity Fund grantee Chanel Thervil. It's exciting to know that the City is making efforts to support artists no matter where they are in their practice. I'm looking forward to using the funds to experiment with tech I can integrate into my mixed media portraits.The Opportunity Fund has allowed us to support artists in every medium and every neighborhood, said Kara Elliott-Ortega, Chief of Arts and Culture. Grants like this help us keep artists in Boston by acknowledging and supporting their immense contributions to creating and maintaining a thriving city.The final review deadline for 2018 Opportunity Fund grants is October 31, 2018. For this round, Harvard University has contributed an additional $10,000 for artists living in Allston-Brighton and community arts experiences or local arts events located in Allston-Brighton. Artists and organizations can apply online.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Jay Dohertyto demolish two commercial buildings and two garages 60, 67-75, and 70-80 Kilmarnock Street and 59-75 QueensburyStreet in the Fenway-Kenmoreneighorhood of Boston,MA 02215.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 1, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from NoamRon with Hudson 150KReal Estate Trustto demolish the four-story structure located at 158-160 KneelandStreet in the Leather District,MA 02111.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural, or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on November 1, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Joshua Wildto demolish the residential structurelocated at 26 Willis Street in Dorchester,MA 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 28, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Terry O'Reillyto demolish the residential structurelocated at 69 ReadvilleStreet in Hyde Park,MA 02136.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 29, 2018.
"Further strengthening Mayor Martin J. Walsh's commitment to protect Boston against rising sea levels and climate change, the City of Boston was today named a winner of the Bloomberg American Cities Climate Challenge as Boston works to strengthen and accelerate its progress toward reducing carbon emissions. The City will receive a support package, valued at up to $2.5 million, to increase low-carbon mobility choices and improve energy performance of Boston's building sector.""We're serious about building a more climate-ready Boston. If we're to be effective in preparing for rising sea levels and more intense storms, we have to accelerate our actions to reduce carbon emissions. Addressing climate change now is critical to ensuring a greener, healthy Boston for future generations,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm grateful to Bloomberg for recognizing the power of cities to address climate change as we continue to move forward with our ambitious climate goals.""Earlier this week Mayor Walshlaid out a comprehensive and transformative visionthat will invest in Boston's waterfront to protect the City's residents, homes, jobs, and infrastructure against the impacts of rising sea level and climate change. Announced in his annual speech to the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce, the Mayor's plan, ""Resilient Boston Harbor,"" lays out strategies along Boston's 47-mile shoreline that will increase access and open space along the waterfront while better protecting the city during a major flooding event. This week's announcements demonstrate Boston's commitment to building a more resilient Boston through both adaptation and mitigation.Resilient Boston Harbor builds off ofImagine Boston 2030and uses the City'sClimate Ready Boston2070 flood maps andcoastal resilience neighborhood studiesto focus on Boston's most vulnerable flood pathways. The strategies laid out in the plan include elevated landscapes, enhanced waterfront parks, flood resilient buildings, and revitalized and increased connections and access to the waterfront. The strategies will require collaboration and funding between federal, state, private, philanthropic and nonprofit partners.Further strengthening the City's commitment to addressing climate change from all angles, Boston was selected as a winning city in the Bloomberg American Cities Climate Challenge because of its innovative and ambitious climate action plans to reduce air pollution and city-wide emissions from its building and transportation sectors. Boston will use the support to accelerate climate action by:""When Bloomberg Philanthropies announced the Climate Challenge, cities all across the country, with both Republican and Democratic mayors, put forward thoughtful and innovative proposals,"" said Michael R. Bloomberg. ""Selecting the ones with the boldest goals - and the most realistic plans for reaching them - was not easy. But Pittsburgh, Philadelphia, Boston, and D.C. all stood out, and we're glad to include them in the group of winners. With our federal government asleep at the wheel, cities are more important than ever in the fight against climate change - and these cities are stepping up to the challenge. Congratulations to them all.""The Bloomberg American Cities Climate Challenge is a $70 million dollar program that will accelerate 20 ambitious cities' efforts to tackle climate change and promote a sustainable future for residents. Through the Climate Challenge - which is part of Bloomberg's American Cities Initiative, a suite of more than $200 million in investments to strengthen city halls and advance critical policies - Boston is accepted intoa two-year acceleration program, will be provided powerful new resources and access to cutting-edge support to help meet or beat the city's near-term carbon reduction goals.The program is led by experts at the Natural Resources Defense Council, Delivery Associates and others, to help winning cities meet - or beat - their near-term carbon reduction goals, from creating high-impact policies to putting them into action.The resources includea philanthropy-funded team member to facilitate the development and passage of high impact policies, training for senior leadership to assist with implementation of their proposed climate plans, andcitizen engagement support to maximize community buy-in.Bloomberg Philanthropies works in 480 cities in more than 120 countries around the world to ensure better, longer lives for the greatest number of people. The organization focuses on five key areas for creating lasting change: Arts, Education, Environment, Government Innovation, and Public Health. Bloomberg Philanthropies encompasses all of Michael R. Bloomberg's charitable activities, including his foundation and his personal giving. In 2017, Bloomberg Philanthropies distributed $702 million. For more information, please visitwww.bloomberg.orgor follow us onFacebook,Instagram,Snapchat, andTwitter.Recognizing that cities account for more than 70% of global carbon emissions, the Bloomberg American Cities Climate Challenge was formed with an investment of $70 million to enhance the work already being done by mayors across the U.S. and to support cities in the fight against climate change.The Bloomberg American Cities Climate Challenge aims to go beyond the theoretical and scale up high-impact urban climate solutions that are already proven to succeed - specifically, from the buildings and transportation sectors. World-class partners for the Bloomberg American Cities Climate Challenge will be led by the Natural Resources Defense Council and Delivery Associates. The Bloomberg American Cities Climate Challenge is part of Mike Bloomberg's American Cities Initiative, a suite of more than $200 million in investments to strengthen city halls and advance critical policies."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and The Trust for Public Land announced today the City of Boston reached a major milestone in ensuring that all Boston residents have a park within a 10-minute walk of home. The announcement stems from Boston's championing of the 10-Minute Walk to a Park Campaign, a joint effort by the Trust for Public Land, National Recreation and Park Association, and Urban Land Institute, working to bring easy and equitable access to green spaces to everyone in the United States.""In Boston, we are proud of our world-class park system and the investments that have been made,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Reaching this milestone is a big step for our city to ensure that every resident, no matter the neighborhood, has a high-quality park or open space within a 10-minute walk of home. There is still much work to be done, and we are working every day to make our park system the best in the world.""""Everyone deserves a quality park within a 10-minute walk of home,"" said Diane Regas, President and CEO of the Trust for Public Land. ""Today marks an enormous achievement based on years of dedicated and thoughtful planning by the City of Boston. Our research tells us that close-to-home access to parks are vital for public health, clean environments, and thriving, equitable communities.""The Trust for Public Land has worked with Boston and cities across the country, park advocates and the public to determine exactly where parks are needed most. The Trust for Public Land'sParkServe databaseis the first free, open access national data platform mapping park access in more than 14,000 cities and towns - home to more than 260 million Americans.Boston is the second major city in the United States, following San Francisco, to hit the milestone of ensuring all residents have a park within a 10-minute walk of home.""Our goal is to have high quality, safe, accessible parks for all Bostonians,"" said Christopher Cook, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space. ""We are proud of this accomplishment and grateful to Mayor Walsh for his steadfast support and belief in the importance of parks and open spaces for the health and vitality of all who live in Boston.""This week, Mayor Walsh rolled out a comprehensive and transformative vision that will invest in Boston's waterfront to protect the City's residents, homes, jobs, and infrastructure against the impacts of rising sea level and climate change.Resilient Boston Harborlays out strategies along Boston's 47-mile shoreline that include elevated landscapes, enhanced waterfront parks, flood resilient buildings, and revitalized and increased connections and access to the waterfront.Mayor Walsh allocated over $230 million,the largest-ever capital funding for Boston parks, through Imagine Boston 2030. This series of investments include the construction of Noyes Playground in East Boston, Reservation Road Park in Hyde Park, Garvey Playground in Dorchester, and McConnell Playground in Dorchester. Investments also include renovations at Franklin Park, Harambee Park, and Smith Playground. The new Martin Richard Park in South Boston will be opened next spring.In addition, the capital budget invests in long-term planning for Boston's most iconic park -- the Boston Common. The capital plan sets aside $500,000 to develop a master plan to bring the nation's oldest public park to the level of excellence commensurate with its historical importance and use by the City's residents and visitors. The budget also invests $800,000 into Franklin Park, to develop a master plan that will enhance historic Franklin Park as a keystone park in the geographical heart of the City. The master plans will guide investments totaling $46 million over the next few years.Imagine Boston 2030 is Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years aimed at guiding growth to support Boston's dynamic economy and expand opportunity for all residents. The plan prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the City. Shaped by the input of 15,000 residents who contributed their thoughts to the plan, Imagine Boston 2030 identifies five action areas to guide Boston's growth, enhancement and preservation, and is paired with a set of metrics that will evaluate progress and successes. To learn more, visit the Imagine Boston website.The Trust for Public Land creates parks and protects land for people, ensuring healthy, livable communities for generations to come. Millions of people live within a 10-minute walk of a Trust for Public Land park, garden, or natural area, and millions more visit these sites every year. To support The Trust for Public Land and share why nature matters to you, visitwww.tpl.org."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, in partnership with the Frieze Family Foundation, today announced the launch of the GRAD Last Mile Fund, an innovative scholarship program designed to provide financial support to students nearing college graduation. The fund will provide resources to students for whom financial hardships are a barrier to completing a higher education degree program.""The GRAD Last Mile Fund will enable more Boston students to realize their dream of graduating from college,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Financial hardship should not prevent any student from completing the 'last mile' on their journey toward earning a college degree, and I am proud that through this new fund, we will be able to help more students cross the finish line and earn their degree.""""We are excited to support students that are in their last semester to cover non-academic costs that are not traditionally covered by other scholarship programs such as transportation, rent, child care, medical care and other unexpected life expenses,"" said a statement from the Frieze Family Foundation.""We are pleased to seed this program of 'last mile support' with the hope that other funders will join us so even more students can reach their goal of graduation.""The Frieze Family Foundation committed to fund the pilot year of the GRAD Last Mile Fund, and funds will be distributed to five schools that are highly attended by Boston students: Bunker Hill Community College, MassBay Community College, Roxbury Community College, Benjamin Franklin Institute of Technology and UMass Boston. The GRAD Last Mile Fund awards will vary based upon need, with a maximum grantamount of $2,500 per student.""This award helps me achieve my goal of graduating from nursing school by aiding me in paying for transportation, books, and allowing me to take more days off of work to study for exams,"" said Taressa Jones, a senior at UMass Boston. ""I am so happy to have been chosen as a recipient of this award and I plan to use my education to give back to the City of Boston that has so graciously helped me. I plan to engage in community nursing in and around Boston communities.""""As aSuccess Bostonpartner, we work to help students get ready, get in and get through college and connected to a successful career,"" said Pam Eddinger, president of Bunker Hill Community College. ""The GRAD Fund is a welcome addition to the many comprehensive programs that focus on increasing college completion rates in Boston. It will help to ensure that more Boston students are able to reach the finish line and receive their degrees.""""At UMass Boston,we have a number of students who are very close to completing their degrees but experience insurmountable financial challenges such as food and housing insecurity, family medical issues, childcare, and employment challenges that make it impossible for them to finish,"" said Joan Becker, vice provost for Academic Support Services at the University of Massachusetts Boston. ""The GRAD Last Mile Scholarship will make it possible for these students to walk across the stage with their degree proudly in hand.""For many people, higher education is a key driver for their success and research has shown that there are fewer pathways to a steady career for those who have some college experience, but no degree. Mayor Walsh's Education Cabinet works to create coordinated birth-to-career education systems that provide students with high-quality learning opportunities, get them College, Career and Life Ready and, increasingly, guarantee them a post-secondary education. ""In June, when we honored City Scholarship recipients, we talked about working toward establishing a social contract with Boston's young people that guarantees them a post-secondary education,"" said Chief of Education Turahn Dorsey. ""The establishment of the GRAD Last Mile Fund helps us take an important step toward delivering on that guarantee. We expect that helping students complete the last mile of their college educations will directly onramp them to gainful careers and productive lives.""The City of Boston offers many resources for residents pursuing higher education. On the Mayor's Education Cabinet'sHigher Education Resource page, residents can find the resources most appropriate for their educational goals in one place, including the Tuition-Free Community College program,The Boston Bridgeand aninventory of local scholarships. In addition, the City of Boston's Scholarship Fund disburses almost $300,000 in scholarship aid every year for Boston residents. These programs combine to create a multi-pronged approach to higher education access and completion in the city.Candidates for GRAD Last Mile Fund scholarships must be Boston residents that are on track academically to graduate in the next semester and have a demonstrated financial need. Priority will be given to students who have not registered for their final semester or paid tuition by a pre-established cutoff date, have exhausted other sources of aid available, are undocumented and/or DACA students with limited options for financial assistance, and/or are parents and/or veterans.For more information on the GRAD Last Mile Fund, or how to contribute, please visit the fund website."
Special events taking place on Saturday, October 20, and Sunday, October 21, will impact traffic and parking in Boston. People coming into the City for the festivities are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.The Unite Here Local 26 march will begin at 3:30 PM in Copley Square. Traffic is expected to be delayed as an estimated 1,000 participants make their way along the following route.The Welles Remy Crowther Red Bandanna 5KRun/Walk will begin at 9 AM at Boston College main gate at Commonwealth Avenue. Traffic is expected to be delayed as an estimated 1,500 participants make their way along the following route.The Boston Firefighters Local 718 Memorial Road Race will begin at Florian Hall on Hallet Street in Dorchester at 9 AM. Streets along the following race route will be closed to traffic from approximately 8 AM to 10 AM. Access will be maintained to Keystone Apartments once the race passes access will be maintained into the parking lots of Boston Bowl and Phillips Candy House when it is safe to do so resident access only will be allowed on Redfield Street/Woodworth Street.The Oaktoberfest 5K will begin at the YMCA at #615 Washington Street in Oak Square, Brighton at 10 AM. Traffic will be delayed as an estimated 500 runners make their way along the race route.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh together with the Boston Public Schools (BPS), and the Boston Arts Academy (BAA) community yesterday broke ground on a new $125 million state-of-the-art facility for the BAA, marking the largest individual school investment to date under the Walsh Administration. As part of the renovation, the school will expand from approximately 121,000 square feet to 153,500 square feet upon its completion in 2021.This is a proud day for Boston Arts Academy, said Mayor Walsh. This investment reinforces our commitment to making sure all students have access to the best school facilities. I am excited to break ground on these 21st century improvements that will support the strong academic and creative programming of the school, and look forward to welcoming students to this incredible space.Boston Arts Academy provides arts training combined with academic curricula for students from every neighborhood throughout Boston. More than 94 percent of the schools graduates are accepted to college, many of them having been first generation college students. The BAA is one of two public high schools in Massachusetts for the visual and performing arts.The students of Boston Arts Academy are some of the most artistically creative young minds in this city, benefiting from a vibrant arts education, said BPS Interim Superintendent Laura Perille. I am thrilled to see future students display their talent and individuality in even more inventive and expressive ways once this state-of-the-art learning facility opens.""As a result of the expansion, the BAA will continue to innovate while serving more students who share a passion for the arts, including dance, design, music, theatre, and visual arts.The new building will feature a bold glass faade, theatre marquee, and rooftop green space. It will be five stories, an expansion on the previous three, and will be designed for BAAs strong academic and STEAM programming. The new facility will accommodate 500 students in academics and five arts majors: Theatre, Dance, Music, Design and Visual Communications (Visual Arts) and Fashion Technology. It will include new and greatly enhanced performance and rehearsal spaces including a new 500-seat theatre featuring a proscenium stage, a 200-seat black box theatre, four new dance studios, visual arts studios, a recording studio, choral room and 150 seat lecture hall, along with classrooms and science labs to provide a 21st century learning environment. The facility will also include a gym and a health and wellness center for students, and a fifth floor roof terrace designed for use as an outdoor classroom with performance space.As part of the $125 million investment, $48 million will be reimbursed by the Massachusetts School Building Authority. Since 2014, Mayor Walsh and BPS have secured more than $110 million in MSBA funds to support new school buildings and facility renovations, which includes $30 million from the MSBA Accelerated Repair Program to fund for new boilers, windows, and roofs in school buildings across the City.Boston Arts Academy has been in the works for several years, and it is wonderful to finally be here, said Massachusetts State Treasurer Deborah B. Goldberg. Working collaboratively with the City of Boston and the Boston Public Schools, we are ensuring that these students have access to 21st century learning environments and every opportunity that they deserve.Theres a very real need for students to have the opportunity to pursue an arts education in high school, said Lee Pelton, president of Emerson College and board chair of the Boston Arts Academy foundation. Its critical for students who thrive in a creative environment, some of whom otherwise might not finish high school, let alone go on to college. Boston Arts Academy gives these students the chance to do both.We are incredibly grateful to the city for its support, said Boston Arts Academy Headmaster Anne Clark. For our students and their families, alumni, faculty, and community supporters, it means the world to have affirmation of our work and mission. Its thrilling to see this building, with its much-needed student spaces take shape and to know that it will serve future generations of passionate artists and creators.The building was designed by Perkins Eastman and Wilson Butler Architects, the latter focusing specifically on theatre spaces, the contractor is Lee Kennedy. The City of Bostons Public Facilities Department in collaboration with PMA Consultants has managed the design to date, and will manage the overall construction of the project. The new building will allow Boston Arts Academy to increase its capacity and is expected to be completed in 2021.In August 2018, Mayor Walsh and BPS celebrated the opening of the Dearborn STEM 6-12 Early College Academy, the first school in Boston intentionally designed and built for STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math) learning. The $73 million facility was the first new school construction project in the Boston Public Schools in 15 years, and is seen as a model for future projects through the BuildBPS educational and facilities master plan. About $37 million of the total cost was reimbursed by the MSBA.Founded in 1998, Boston Arts Academy (BAA) is proud to be the citys only public high school for the visual and performing arts. BAA has distinguished itself among urban public high schools as a leader in innovative and effective student-centered education. Consistently recognized locally and nationally for its achievements, BAA exemplifies the power of an arts-rich education. More than 1,300 BAA graduates  the majority from low-income families  have found success in school through the arts. In fact, for the past 4 years, between 97 - 98% of BAA graduates are accepted to college. Most are the first in their families to achieve this goal. In order to be as broadly accessible as possible, BAA does not look at the grades, test scores, or behavioral records of applicants during the admissions process. BAAs dynamic program prepares graduates to be critical thinkers, effective communicators, collaborators, and creators. Students come from every Boston neighborhood to receive the formal arts training and academic instruction that will make them Bostons next generation of artists and cultural leaders. This is the only such opportunity within the Boston Public Schools.The BAA Foundation (BAAF) is a 501(c)(3) organization that raises 40% of the schools annual operating budget, or $5,000 per student per year, in order to fund the arts-based education and critical social/emotional health services not covered by school district allocations. BAAF raises funds from individual, foundation, and corporate sources to ensure that Bostons students have access to a college-preparatory, arts-rich education that would otherwise be unavailable to our students."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today rolled out a comprehensive and transformative vision that will invest in Boston's waterfront to protect the City's residents, homes, jobs, and infrastructure against the impacts of rising sea level and climate change. Announced in his annual speech to the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce, the Mayor's plan, ""Resilient Boston Harbor,"" lays out strategies along Boston's 47-mile shoreline that will increase access and open space along the waterfront while better protecting the city during a major flooding event. Resilient Boston Harbor builds off ofImagine Boston 2030and uses theCity's Climate Ready Boston 2070 flood maps and coastal resilience neighborhood studiesto focus on Boston's mostvulnerable flood pathways. The strategies laid out in the plan include elevated landscapes, enhanced waterfront parks, flood resilient buildings, and revitalized and increased connections and access to the waterfront. The strategies will require collaboration and funding between federal, state, private, philanthropic and nonprofit partners.Based on early recommendations from the City'sClimate Ready CharlestownandClimate Ready East Bostonplans, a deployable floodwall system has been installed across theEast Boston Greenway,and a section ofMain Streetin Charlestown is being elevated. Additional measures identified include:Flood risks threaten Boston's financial center, historic waterfront, tourist destinations and residential neighborhoods. The City will launchClimate Ready Downtownto further study the impacts and necessary measures to protect these neighborhoods. Strategies already identified include:Released today,Climate Ready South Bostonidentifies the major flood pathways to many of the City's residential neighborhoods through Fort Point Channel and Moakley Park. In response, the following strategies have been identified:In order to create a resilient, more accessible Dorchester shoreline with increased connectivity, the City will launchClimate Ready Dorchester.Strategies already identified, include:Resilient Boston Harbor builds on the investments the City of Boston has made under Mayor Walsh to increase the City's climate resiliency, including:The projects outlined in Resilient Boston Harbor will require a number of different funding sources. Mayor Walsh announced that the City of Boston will commit 10 percent of all new capital funding to resilience projects. He called on Boston's state and federal government partners, as well as the private sector and non-profit and philanthropic stakeholders to join the City in committing to make these necessary investments a reality. The strategy builds on theCity of Boston's Resilience Strategy. Boston's resilience strategy is focused on ensuring every resident can reach their full potential regardless of their background, and removing the barriers of systemic racism that hinder Bostonians from having access to opportunities.""We have an economic and moral imperative to act on climate change,"" said Senator Edward J. Markey. ""This requires leaders at all levels of government and our business sector to work collectively to address the challenges facing our communities. As the Co-Chair of the U.S. Senate's Climate Change Task Force, I am committed to standing with local leaders, like Mayor Walsh, to be the strong federal partner our residents need as the world continues to warm and sea levels rise.""""Building a resilient city is a serious challenge in response to a sobering threat, but it also brings enormous opportunity to re-think our relationship to the Harbor and create a world-class waterfront,"" said Kathy Abbott, President and CEO of Boston Harbor Now. ""We commend Mayor Walsh for seizing this moment to design a waterfront that is more accessible, beautiful, and inclusive than ever before. The urgency of climate change requires all of us to step up and work together like never before.""""Resilient Boston Harborwill not only strengthen the City against the impacts of climate change, it will create a fantastic urban waterfront, opening up many new opportunities to improve public access to the Harbor,"" said Bud Ris, Senior Advisor to the Boston Green Ribbon Commission. ""Based on all of the analyses that have been done through Climate Ready Boston so far, this is exactly the kind of approach Boston should be taking. We look forward to continuing our partnership with the City to makeResilient Boston Harbora reality.""""Given the urgency needed to address climate change, it is exciting to see the City of Boston put forth such a bold vision for the future,"" said Rebecca Herst, the Executive Director of the Sustainable Solutions Lab at UMass Boston, ""This is a real opportunity to keep Bostonians safe from flooding and invest in our communities. With strong leadership, driven by scientific research, policy analysis and deep community engagement, we can ensure that all Boston residents, not just those with means, are prepared for climate impacts.""""I want to thank Mayor Walsh for launching Climate Ready Dorchester,"" said District 3 City Councilor Frank Baker. ""I look forward to participating in that process and encourage my constituents to get engaged and discuss how we can increase access to our beaches while protecting our homes and roads from future flooding.""""I applaud Mayor Walsh for his continued efforts to make Boston resilient for future generations,"" said State Representative Adrian Madaro. ""Climate change is one of the greatest challenges facing our City and our planet. The plan announced today will not only protect Boston's waterfront neighborhoods, but will also improve the quality of life for our residents."""
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh together with the Boston Police Department, Boston Parks and Recreation Department, and members of the community celebrated the opening of the playground and courts at Harambee Park. The playground and courts are named after Sergeant Dennis ""DJ"" Simmonds, the Boston Police officer who died in 2014 as a result of injuries he sustained while responding to a shootout in Watertown in 2013involving the Boston Marathon bombers. The playground is part of the $2.7 million dollar Harambee Park master plan implementation, included in theMayor's Imagine Boston 2030 Capital Plan.""It's people like Sergeant Simmonds who exemplify what it means to be a hero,"" said Police Commissioner William Gross. ""He showed us our highest values as a people, and our deepest bonds as a community. He will forever be remembered as someone who gave the ultimate sacrifice to protect his city, and for that we are eternally grateful. I am proud that this park will be a place where our young people can come together in memory of such an extraordinary man.""Features at the brand-new playground include an accessible hillside with a bridge and tower play structure, embankment slides, and climbing nets. A smaller play area is designed for preschoolers with a mound, bridge, play structure, embankment slides and climbers, splash pad water feature, and swings. Additional new features include two basketball courts with LED lighting, a workout area, benches, tables, fencing, pedestrian lighting on pathways, and improved entrances from Blue Hill and Talbot Avenues.""Harambee is a Swahili word meaning 'pull together',"" said Parks Commissioner Chris Cook. ""It's fitting to honor Sergeant Dennis Simmonds, who worked each day to bring the community together. It's a privilege to honor his life with this new playground.""The opening marks the completion of the first phase renovation of Harambee Park, a 44-acre active recreation parkland located at 930 Blue Hill Avenue in Dorchester. Thesecond phaseof the renovation, budgeted for an additional $3.5 million, will include the construction of two natural turf multi-sport fields for soccer and lacrosse. The design process is taking place this fall with construction slated for the summer of 2019. The ceremony celebrates $2.7 million in improvements funded by Mayor Walsh's Imagine Boston 2030 Capital Plan with an additional $400,000 provided by a Parkland Acquisitions and Renovations for Communities (PARC) Grant from the Massachusetts Executive Office of Energy and Environmental Affair."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Clodomiro Pereirato demolish the two-car garagelocated at 28 Dix Street in Dorchester,MA 02122.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 25, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from NoamRon with Hidson150K Real Estate Trustto demolish the commercial structure located at 154-6 Kneeland,MA 02122.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 25, 2018.
"On October 13, Mayor Martin J. Walsh together with Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), the City of Boston's Public Facilities Department, and members of the community celebrated the opening of the renovatedBCYF Vine Street Community Centerin Roxbury. The $5.3 million dollar renovation is a key part of the Mayor's $50 million dollarFY19-FY23 Capital Plan investment in BCYF facilities.Interior upgrades included sound mitigation for the second-floor community rooms and the third-floor gymnasium, adding air conditioning to the gym, and refinishing the entire gym floor. Program spaces were reconfigured into multi-purpose areas to accommodate the community's dynamic needs. New kitchen equipment was added to the senior space, and the dance studio and teen rooms were renovated. A new recording studio was also built.Exterior upgrades included a new ground floor facade with an accessible handicap ramp, HVAC upgrades, and a new roof. Since BCYF Vine Street Community Center serves as an evacuation site for the community during emergency situations, the project also included the installation of a transfer switch which allows a mobile emergency generator to be hooked up to the building in case of need.""The reopening of the BCYF Vine Street Community Center is a testament to the City's commitment to investing in vital resources to the spaces that enable our communities to thrive,"" said Chief of Health and Human Services, Marty Martinez. ""The renovation of the BCYF Vine Street Community Center will ensure that there is continuous and rich programming to support and uplift our residents for years to come.""""This center played an important role in my life and it continues to play an important role in the lives of so many of our youth and young adults,"" said Asad Hardwick, age 27 from Roxbury, who grew up attending programs and events at the center. ""I can't think of another building in Boston that deserved this renovation more than Vine Street and I am so happy for all the families who will now have access to a state of the art community center right in their own neighborhood.""BCYF, the City of Boston's Public Facilities Department, and Bargmann Hendrie + Archetype architects, collaborated closely with BC Construction Company, the general contractor, on this project. In addition to renovating the BCYF Vine Street Community Center, other capital projects in the area include a $73 million investment on therecently opened Dearborn STEM 6-12 Early College Academyupgrades at the local BFD station Engine 14 Ladder 4 security-related improvements at the Wheatley School and kitchen upgrades through the My Way Cafe program to the Boston Day & Evening Academy, Mason School, and Dudley Street Neighborhood School. Almost $1 million were also allocated to improve the Dudley Town Common for gathering and civic uses.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Boston's largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program, the GIRLS Initiative, Camp Joy special needs program and many aquatic offerings."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Richard Lyndsto demolish the two-family dwellinglocated at 69-71 Border Street in East Boston,MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 21, 2018.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayor's Office of Economic Development, and the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement today announced the fourth annual Women Entrepreneurs Boston (WE BOS) Week, a week-long series of free events beginning on Sunday, October 14, 2018 designed to support women entrepreneurs. Curated around this year's theme, ""Get Inspired, Get Connected, Get Funded,"" WE BOS Week is comprised of networking opportunities, educational workshops, panel discussions, and coaching sessions with industry leaders and investors.""Women-owned businesses bring so much life into our neighborhoods and throughout the entire City of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I couldn't be prouder to host the fourth annual WE BOS Week to make sure Boston's current and aspiring women entrepreneurs have access to the opportunities and resources they need to launch and grow thriving businesses.""Hosted in partnership with organizations throughout Boston and across the entrepreneurship ecosystem, WE BOS Week helps women entrepreneurs build their networks and learn new skills to scale and grow their businesses. Over the past three years, more than 3,000 women have participated in over 65 WE BOS Week events in partnership with dozens of organizations.""We are thrilled to expand our partnerships and programming for the fourth annual WE BOS Week,"" said Abby Furey, WE BOS Program Manager. ""Under this year's theme of 'Get Inspired, Get Connected, Get Funded',events hosted throughout the City will provide networking opportunities, resources and access to industry experts in Venture Capital, Life Science, Tech, Social Enterprise, and Creative Economy.""Boston was recently ranked as the#1 city for startupsin a report by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce andnamed a top five cityby Dell Technologies for its ability to foster women's entrepreneurship.The annual WE BOS Week kick-off celebration will be held in partnership with Mass Innovation Nights(MIN)at Women Founders Night at District Hall, where 10 women-led startups will showcase their businesses. The week will also feature over 25free eventsthroughout the City, office hours with accelerators and investors, instructional workshops, and curated networking opportunities.For a complete list of events happening throughout WE BOS Week, visitwe-bos.comor follow@WE_BOSon Twitter.The Economic Development Cabinet's mission is to make Boston an appealing and accessible place for working families, entrepreneurs, businesses, and investors to innovate, grow, and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for all Bostonians and the experience for all visitors. Learn more on theirwebsite.The Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement creates specific programming and opportunities that support four priority areas: economic equity, safety, empowerment and representation, and health. Some of the office's most recent work includes: research on paid parental leave and childcare affordability a multi-pronged approach to closing the gender pay gap reducing the demand for sex trafficking and creating specific programming for women entrepreneurs. Learn more on theirwebsite."
On September 27, I attended the 50th anniversary of the Special Olympics Massachusetts at the JFK Library on behalf of Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston. This event was held to celebrate the achievements of the athletes, and to recognize the many friends, supporters, and corporate sponsors who have contributed to the Special Olympics over the past five decades.It was also a powerful demonstration of what is possible when we empower and believe in each other.The Special Olympics plays an important role in breaking down barriers for people with intellectual disabilities, and helps to empower participants with social, leadership, and communications skills.At the celebration, many of the athletes shared their experiences about the impact that Special Olympics has had on their personal and professional lives. Melissa Reilly talked about her job at the State House where she works as an aide to State Senator Jamie Eldridge. She credits Special Olympics for giving her the confidence to be a public speaker and a working professional. Tyler Lagasse, an elite-level Special Olympics golfer, spoke of his childhood and growing up with autism, and how he learned to embrace his differences through Special Olympics. He spoke at the Special Olympics 40th anniversary celebration in 2008, where he talked about gaining confidence and skills.My staff has recently established a connection with Bostons Special Olympics office to explore ideas about establishing a local chapter in the City for Boston residents. We look forward to continuing this conversation as part of our commitment to making Boston not only accessible, but inclusive for residents of all abilities.
Special events and projects taking place on Saturday, October 13, and Sunday, October 14, will impact traffic and parking in Boston. People coming into the City to enjoy the festivities are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.ALCS Games at Fenway Parkwillimpact traffic and parking.Saturdays game is scheduled to begin at 8:09 PM.Sundays game is scheduled to begin at 7:09 PM.One hour before game time until approximately one halfhour after game time the Boston Police Department will be closing the following streets to traffic:Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday and Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday & Sunday 4PM to 11:59PMTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event HP Parking Only Saturday & SundayThe underpass at Wolcott Square Bridge in Hyde Park will be closed Saturday and Sunday from 6AM to 10 AM to pressure wash the bridge. Detours are:The Play Brigade 5K Road Race will begin at 9 AM on Charles Street. Streets along the following route are expected to be closed to traffic between 8:45AM and 10:30AM, with roads being opened up as the tail end of the race proceeds toward the finish line.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 5AM to 12 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The John Winthrop School Fair will take place on Marlborough Street. Marlborough Street, between Berkeley Street and Clarendon Street, will be closed to traffic from 7:30 AM to 2:30 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Boston Book Festival will take place in Copley Square. Dartmouth Street, between St. James Avenue and Boylston Street, will be closed to traffic from 6 AM to 8 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday and Saturday 8 AM to 6 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Mission Hill Road Race will begin at 9 AM and proceed along the following route.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 7AM to 1 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Formation for the Roslindale Day Parade will begin at 11:30 AM, and the parade itself will begin at 1 PM and proceed along the following route. The parade route will be closed to traffic with individual streets reopening as the parade progresses. All streets are expected to be reopened by 3 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Autism Speaks Walk will take place within the Boston Common. Parking will be restricted as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency, is now accepting applications for the Camp Joy Winter Program for Boston residents with disabilities between ages 8 and 22. For 12 years, the program has provided structured, weekly opportunities on Saturdays for participants and their families to make new friends, have fun, learn, and grow.BCYF has provided thousands of children and youth with special needs with enriching opportunities through Camp Joy, which has been operating a summer program since 1946. The Winter Program is an extension of Camp Joy, focusing on the same principles of inclusion, learning, and fun. Both Camp Joy and Winter Camp Joy are led by trained, highly skilled program staff who create a safe and nurturing environment for participants. While this program is specifically available for residents with disabilities, it is also open to all youth between the ages of 8 and 14. The program will run two Saturdays a month (except for holiday weekends) from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. at BCYF Curtis Hall Community Center in Jamaica Plain. The program is scheduled to run from October 20 through March 30. The cost per child for the entire length of the program is $150. Program participants must be between the ages of 8 and 22, be able to interact in a 4:1 participant to staff ratio, and be a Boston resident (proof of residency will be requested). Transportation is not provided and a completed application is required.For more information and the application please go to boston.gov/BCYF-Camp-Joyor call 617-635-4920 x2402.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program, the GIRLS Initiative, Camp Joy special needs program and many aquatic offerings.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh yesterday announced the appointment of Kathleen Joyce as Chairwoman of the Boston Licensing Board, a regulatory board that grants and regulates various types of food and alcohol licenses for restaurants and other establishments in Boston. The Board is also responsible for holding hearings on violations and license applications.As Chairwoman, Joyce serves as the lead commissioner in regulating licenses pursuant to Massachusetts General Laws Chapters 138 and 140, and the Rules of the Board. The board consists of three commissioners who are appointed by the Mayor. Each commissioner serves a six-year term.""I am proud to be named Chairwoman of the Licensing Board, and thank Mayor Walsh for this incredible opportunity,"" said Kathleen Joyce. ""My entire career has been grounded in providing legal support and promoting justice, and I am honored to be able to serve in this capacity.""Joyce most recently worked as Senior Counsel at the Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA), the urban planning and economic development agency for the City of Boston. In her role as Senior Counsel, Joyce provided legal support and counsel on real estate, government and policy matters.Prior to joining the BPDA in 2014, Joyce spent nearly seven years working at the Boston Bar Association, a 10,000 member nonprofit organization, as the Director of Government Relations and Public Affairs, where she worked with organization's leadership teams to advance and coordinate policy positions to promote justice and improve access to the legal system in Massachusetts.Through her former roles, Joyce has accumulated extensive experience cultivating relationships with and convening various stakeholders to identify areas of common interest and consensus. These stakeholders include legal experts, city, state and federal leaders, and members of the judiciary. Joyce is a past member of the editorial board of Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly and serves as a committee member of The Friends of the Mass General Cancer Center and is a board member of the Dorchester Running Club and her alma mater, Mount Alvernia High School.She lives in Dorchester and graduated from the College of the Holy Cross and Suffolk University Law School. She will begin her new role as Chairwoman today on Tuesday, October 9, 2018."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the Department of Neighborhood Development (DND) and the Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) will include criteria to promote diversity and inclusion and prevent displacement in all Requests for Proposals (RFPs) released for public land moving forward. By encouraging the participation of people of color, women, and Minority and Women Business Enterprises (M/WBEs), the policy will foster a more inclusive workforce throughout the City of Boston.""In order to create a Boston that is equitable for all, we must call on our partners in the development and business community to join us in increasing opportunities for our residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These steps build on the measures we have taken to remove barriers that hinder individuals from reaching their full potential based on their background, race, or gender, while ensuring that new development on public land happens without displacement.""Much of this policy language was written in collaboration with the community during the PLAN: Dudley Square process, which has led to the recent release offour RFPsfor redevelopment by DND. The BPDA piloted the diversity and inclusion language in the RFP released for Parcel 12 in Chinatown in 2017.The diversity and inclusion policy asks respondents to RFPs for public land to set forth a Diversity and Inclusion Plan that will establish an outreach program aimed at creating increased opportunities for people of color, women, and for M/BEs to participate in the proposed development project. Proposals should include the extent to which the proponent plans to include meaningful participation in the fields of construction, design, development, financing, operations, and ownership.In addition, respondents to RFPs will be required to submit plans to mitigate displacement from development, which will help current residents remain in their communities, afford housing, and find pathways to economic opportunity.Under the Walsh Administration, the City of Boston has taken several steps to create a more inclusive workforce. In 2016, Mayor Walsh increased the employment standards for the Boston Residents Jobs Policy (BRJP) and Boston Employment Commission (BEC) as part of an ongoing effort to create more employment opportunities for Boston residents, persons of color and women. The new standards address the need to create more inclusive employment opportunities during the largest construction boom in Boston's history. Today's announcement builds on the steps the Walsh Administration has taken to combat displacement. In 2016, Mayor Walsh created the Office of Housing Stability to prevent displacement in Boston's neighborhoods, offering support and case management to residents in a housing crisis, creating and distributing information for tenants and landlords, and creating and advocating for new policies and legislation to prevent displacement. The recently releasedupdate to the Mayor's Housing Planestablishes a goal of supporting the purchase of 1,000 rental housing units from the speculative market and income-restricting them through an expanded Acquisition Opportunity Program. These units are part of the 15,820 affordable unit production plan."
The goal of this legislation is to promote good governance and to ensure transparency in government by requiring registration and disclosure of lobbying activities to create fairness and consistency by applying the same rules to all persons engaged in lobbying activities and to reinforce the communitys trust in the integrity of its government by guaranteeing convenient, timely access to information about attempts to influence the governments decisions. One key piece of the legislation is the creation of an independent City commission to oversee enforcement.The ordinance will go into effect 180 days after the Mayor signs.
Bravo  a cute, warm, snuggly bear and also the mascot of the 2017 Summer Universiade in Taipei, Taiwan  bounced all around the chamber during this weeks Council meeting, sharing hugs and handshakes with the Council, their staff, and guests.Since January 22, 2016, Bravo has been the mascot of the 2017 Summer Universiade, an international multi-sport event, organized for university athletes by the International University Sports Federation (FISU), held in Taipei, Taiwan. The Formosan black bear species is endemic to Taiwan and currently endangered. With a Formosan black bear as the mascot, Universiade officials hope that they can raise awareness about sustainability, environmental protection, and ecological problems. According to the ENTREP & CO website, Bravos chest also features the distinctive white stripe in V formation commonly found on Formosan black bears. According to Universiade officials, the V stands for victory and further represents the organizing teams aspiration for athletes to fight hard for glory.Bravo has been making his rounds in the City of Boston, throughout Chinatown, and other neighborhoods, not just to promote love, joy, peace, and compassion, but to highlight the contributions of those who come from Taiwan to study, invest, and live in our City.While speaking of Bravo, through smiles and laughter, Council President Campbell said, He's gained tremendous popularity, clearly at the Council and in Boston, [and also] around the world. He has thousands of fans and we're lucky to have him [here] as our Taiwanese community celebrates their culture and what is unique about their culture in the City of Boston.Douglas Hsu, Director General of Taipei Economics and Cultural Office in Boston, spoke on Bravos behalf saying, We brought Bravo here to let you know that the energy of Bravo reflects the energy of Taiwan. We are ready to engage even more with the City of Boston.
During last weeks City Council meeting, Councilor Zakim recognized the Boston Renegades, an all-female, tackle, semi-professional football team. They won their first National Football Championship in Atlanta, Georgia, this past summer.Councilor Zakim said, The Renegades are an outstanding professional football team in Boston. There [is] not enough awareness about them and the work they're doing and what great role models these women are for boys and girls, athletes and non-athletes, across the area.Before the Council meeting, there was a flag-raising ceremony in their honor on City Hall Plaza. The Council declared September 26, 2018 as Boston Renegades Day in the City of Boston.During this same meeting, Councilor Essaibi-George recognized the Greater Boston Jewish Coalition for Literacy (GBJCL). GBJCL mobilizes the Jewish community to help elementary school children discover the joy of reading.Councilor Essaibi-George said one of the things that she loves about GBJCL is that they teach kids how to read and how to fall in love with reading, especially in under-resourced schools. She also acknowledged the volunteers of the organization, stating that, volunteers are at the heart of what makes the mission work.Through partnerships with synagogues, Jewish community organizations, day schools and local businesses, GBJCL engages volunteers in school based one-to-one reading tutoring, book drives and advocacy efforts in underserved communities. You can find more information about GBJCLonline.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Sean George, with Haycon Inc. to demolish the residential structure and two outbuildings located at 26 Centre Street in Roxbury,MA 02119.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 15, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Kara Anderson with Speedway Land LLCto demolish the mixed-used structure located at 501-507 Western Avenue in Brighton,MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 14, 2018.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released aRequest for Information (RFI)to inform the City of Boston's planning of a comprehensive, long-term recovery campus onLong Island. The City will gather information from health care providers, caregivers, residents, and other interested parties as it works to create a long-term recovery campus on Long Island, building on the Walsh Administration's commitment to ensuring every person has access to the recovery services they need.""It is crucial that as we plan for the future of Long Island, we do so in a way that is collaborative and involves the input from people who play a role in addressing the opioid crisis,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""In Boston, we have taken many steps to fight the epidemic, and we have invested more money every year to expand access to treatment. But this is a crisis of historic proportions, and our long-term response must match it.""The RFI asks that interested parties submit information to help develop a new model of recovery services that will serve the entire region, and ensure a continuum of care for those who suffer from substance use disorders. Information from the RFI will help the City explore new and existing ways to increase access to treatment, support, and long-term recovery spanning all levels of a continuum of care that range from inpatient detoxification programs to transitional support services and residential treatment. Gathering information is the first step to conceptualize a recovery campus on Long Island, as the City continues to move forward in the process to rebuild the bridge to the island.The City will ensure that the planning and development of a recovery campus on Long Island is informed by the needs of those impacted by the opioid epidemic. Boston is committed to providing services spanning the whole continuum of care such as harm reduction, detox, residential treatment, transitional housing and ongoing peer support.Through the RFI and other stakeholder engagement efforts the City work to achieve the following goals in the development in the Long Island Campus:Provide the highest quality services:Ensure access to the highest levels of medical care, social services, and treatment for all island guests and staff as well as maintain excellence in service delivery.Bolster our region's continuum of care:Create new ways for people to find the care they need regardless of their personal circumstances.Explore new forms of care:Develop new, innovative ideas for services and programming. This could mean more fully integrating art therapy and other opportunities for creative self-expression into the service continuum. Or it could mean making workforce development and job training opportunities more readily available to individuals in recovery.Give guests a say:Open opportunities for guests to co-create what happens on the new recovery campus. This is crucial not only for helping guests find agency in their recovery, but of continually updating the recovery campus offerings to respond to changing needs and times.Design a cohesive campus:Thoughtfully designing an environment that is welcoming, connective, and creative. Through this, we can support people with different needs and from different backgrounds to find a common community of recovery.Connecting resources:At any one particular time, there might be several resources a person needs, from health care to housing to legal assistance. And over time, new resources will be needed. The recovery campus should connect people to the resources they need while preparing them for the journey ahead.During hisJanuary 2018 inaugural address, Mayor Walsh pledged to rebuild the Long Island bridge to create a recovery campus on Long Island. Following the announcement, the City began working on the planning process to rebuild the bridge. Most recently, the City of Boston received aMassachusetts Environmental Policy Act (MEPA) certificateto continue in comprehensive state permitting process. Additional updates are available onboston.gov/long-island.Having been in recovery for over 20 years, Mayor Walsh understands firsthand how easily addiction can take hold and how difficult it can be to recover. In his first term, Mayor Walsh made expanding access to recovery services in Boston a priority by creating theOffice of Recovery Servicesto study substance use in Boston and lead the city's strategy around substance use disorders, addiction and recovery. This is the first and only municipal recovery office in the nation.The City has taken a comprehensive approach to tackle the opioid epidemic, serving people in all stages of the continuum of care, from providing harm reduction services to ensure people can maintain health in various aspects of their lives, to connecting people with beds at rehabilitation facilities, to offering inpatient and outpatient programming, to long-term peer support for those further along in their recovery journey.Continuing these efforts, the City of Bostonfiled a complaintin Suffolk Superior Court against 13 opioid manufacturers, four distributors, and one local doctor that have contributed to the local opioid epidemic through misleading marketing and reckless dissemination of opioids that has led to thedeaths of more than 723 Boston residents since 2013.As part of the litigation, the City is seeking to recover both past and future damages and injunctive relief associated with addressing the opioid epidemic in Boston.The City is accepting both short and long responses to the RFI. Long responses can be no more than ten pages and must be submitted toLong-Island@boston.govwith the subject line ""RFI."" Individuals issuing short responses are encouraged to submit responses byusing our online form. Responses to the RFI are due on October 31, 2018, at 12:00 PM Boston local time.For more information on the Long Island bridge and recovery campus, please visit:boston.gov/long-island. The full RFI isavailable online."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Codman Square Neighborhood Development Corporation, the Talbot Norfolk Triangle (TNT) Neighbors United, elected officials and residents for the groundbreaking ofNew England Heritage Homes. The $7 million, transit-oriented development, will create 16 mixed-income homes in Codman Square, Dorchester. The project is part of a larger community effort to target development opportunities near existing and planned stops on the MBTA Fairmount commuter rail line.Once completed in the fall of 2019, the new development will offer 16 housing units affordable to middle-class households earning 100% Area Median Income (AMI) or below. The project will have a green design and construction that meets LEED Silver Certifiable standards, and will consist of two single-family homes and 14 single-family duplex homes. The parcels, which include two City-owned vacant lots, are located within Dorchester's Eco-Innovation District (EID), and are within a quarter mile of the MBTA Talbot Ave Station on the Fairmount Line.Total development cost for this project is more than $7 million, and was made possible in part by a $1.2 million investment by the City of Boston, $450,000 from the NeighborWorks America, $100,000 from MassDevelopment, and $4.7 million from the Life Initiative.""We are pleased to work with the City, funders and the Talbot-Norfolk Triangle Neighbors United group to build these 16 homes for sale to first-time, moderate-income homeowners,"" said Gail Latimore, Executive Director of Codman Square Neighborhood Development Corporation. ""We view this as part of our neighborhood stabilization and anti-displacement strategy. We look forward to welcoming these new homeowners into the neighborhood!""New England Heritage Homes consists entirely of affordable units to middle-class familiesstrongly aligns with the City's housing goals outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030. Mayor Walsh recently increased the City's overall housing targets from 53,000 to 69,000 new units by 2030 to meet Boston's population growth. These updated housing goals, build on Mayor Walsh's commitment to increasing access to home ownership, preventing displacement and promoting fair and equitable housing access.Since the release of the originalHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030plan in 2014, income-restricted housing stock, designed to increase affordable housing, has grown along with overall new production: nearly 20 percent of housing units are income restricted, and 25 percent of rental units are income restricted. In total, after creating an additional 15,820 units of income-restricted housing, Boston will have nearly 70,000 units of income-restricted housing by 2030.The project also contributes to the newly-announcedregional housing production goalof creating 185,000 new units of housing across the region by the year 2030. In a collaborative effort to meet the demands of a robust regional economy and a growing population, the 15 cities and towns of the Metro Mayors Coalition set goals to prevent displacement, preserve neighborhoods, reduce evictions and homelessness, promote mixed-use development, and build a diversity of housing types for all income levels throughout the entire region.The new homes will be part of a connected and walkable community as the City and neighborhood work together to improve traffic safety and mobility in the area, including the reconstruction of New England Avenue. As part theNeighborhood Slow Streetsprogram, the City's residential traffic calming initiative, the Talbot Norfolk Triangle neighborhood was one of two pilot zones where the speed limit was reduced to 20 mph and self-enforcing physical changes to streets were installed including speed humps to slow down vehicles, daylighting to provide greater visibility at corners, and tactical curb extensions to improve pedestrian safety.The first two Neighborhood Slow Streets zones were implemented in 2017 in the Talbot Norfolk Triangle in Codman Square and Stonybrook in Jamaica Plain. Work is well underway in five zones, andfive new zones selected this summerare in the planning and design stage of the process. Additionally, four new Bluebikes stations were installed as part of a significantexpansion of the bike-share programowned by the City of Boston in partnership with the municipalities of Cambridge, Brookline and Somerville."
Special events taking place from Saturday, October 6, through Monday, October 8, will impact traffic and parking in Boston. People coming into the City to enjoy the festivities are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Saturday, October 6The Double Ten Parade will take place in Chinatown and Downtown Boston.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Revolution 250-Boston Occupied: An Insolent Parade, will begin on Long Wharf and proceed through Downtown Boston.Sunday, October 7The Columbus Day Parade will take place in East Boston.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Boston Athletic Association Half Marathon will begin in Jamaica Plain at 8 AM.Tow Zone No Stopping Saturday and Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Monday, October 8The Columbus Day Race for Women-Boston 10K for Women will begin at 12 Noon on Beacon Street, east of Charles Street, in the Back Bay.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday and Monday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Monday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Open Canal Street will transform the roadway near North Station and the TDBankGarden into a temporary pedestrian only walkway.No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Monday 7 AM to 5 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Philip Hreskoto demolish the single-family residencelocated at 73-75 Cummins Highway in Roslindale,MA 02131.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 12, 2018.
"Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) community centers are hosting a variety of Halloween activities. Check back forupdates. The schedule below will be updated as activities are confirmed.Please contactthe center listed for more information.Pumpkin painting with Boston Police Officers. Costumes are encouraged. 11:30 a.m. - 1:30 p.m. Space is limited. Participants must pre-register by October 17, 2018. To register call 617-635-5178.Halloween Science Party: an unforgettable experience for children ages 6-12 toparticipate in spooky experiments that fizz, pop, scream, smoke, bubble, and erupt! Pizza and snacks included. $10 per person, 4 - 6 p.m.Space is limited. Participants must pre-register by October 17, 2018. To register call 617-635-5150 or email lisa.zinck@boston.gov.Halloween party in collaboration with Boston Police District A7. Music,games, arts andcrafts, food, and more. Time to be decided, open to the public, Free.Teen Halloween Party: Join us for a fun evening, including a DJ and pizza! Ages15 - 18, 6 - 9 p.m., doors close at 8:30 p.m.Entry is first-come, first-served  capacity is 150 people. Free.Annual Children's Halloween Party for ages 11 and youngerwill be held from 4 - 5:30p.m. and will includea costume contest,a bouncy house,refreshments,games and prizes, music, and more!Halloween Party for youth ages 16 and under. Music, games, candy, raffle prizes, and costume contest. 6 - 8 p.m. Free.Halloween-themed Skate Night at Chez Vous andHaunted Cells at Boston Police District B3,4 - 7 p.m.,for girls and boys of all ages (12 and under must come with a parent or guardian). This free event is run in partnership with the Boston Police Department and isgenerously sponsored by the LingziLu Foundation, Boston Police Athletic League, and theShannon Grant. ***New date - moved from 10/25***Halloween Party for neighborhood seniors. 12:30p.m. Free center membership required.Halloween luncheon for neighborhood seniors. 1 - 4 p.m. Free center membership required.Annual Halloween Party in BCYF Nazzaro playground, 3 - 7p.m. All ages welcome. Games, music, food,bouncy houses, pumpkin carving, crafts, and face painting. Free. This event is run in collaboration withNorth End Music and Performing Arts Center (NEMPAC).Will be showing a ""scary"" movie for families 6 - 8 p.m.Mission Hill's annual ""Halloween on the Hill"" starts at theBCYF Tobin Community Centerat 4:30 p.m. and ends at One Brigham Circle.In collaboration with many local agencies, families can participate in activities and trick-or-treat."
Attendees are asked to bring 8-inch or smaller carved pumpkins that will be lit and then floated on the Frog Pond for a dramatic early evening display. Adults and children are encouraged to wear Halloween costumes and participate in a wide range of fun activities. Children are invited to decorate luminary bags which will be displayed and illuminated along the edge of the Frog Pond. Test your courage in our haunted funhouse maze, prepare to be spooked by the Buried Alive haunted attraction, jump on the Pumpkin Bounce, and try your skills at the LED bean bag toss.The Fall Pumpkin Float is presented by the Boston Parks and Recreation Department in partnership with the Skating Club of Boston. Key sponsors are the Highland Street Foundation, HP Hood LLC, Polar Beverages, and the Floating Hospital for Children at Tufts Medical Center. Media sponsor is Magic 106.7. Additional support is provided by Boston Cares.This free family-friendly event will also include crafts with PJ Library in Greater Boston, glow-in-the-dark games, childrens crafts, games, and giveaways by Magic 106.7, Disneys The Nutcracker and the Four Realms opening in theaters nationwide November 2, Disney Pixars Incredibles 2 available on Digital October 23 and Blu-ray November 6, and scarily delicious snacks and refreshments provided by Power Crunch Bars and HP Hood LLC.A monster mash of science activities will include the Massachusetts Horticulture Society, giant bubbles with the Bubble Guy Jim Dichter, and Halloween giveaways. All pumpkins will be donated to The Trustees of Reservations after the event for composting and not returned to attendees.For more information, please visit the Boston Parks and Recreation homepage,call617-635-4505, or visit our Facebook page.
From program planning to empowering girls, Kesanet and Samari, our summer 2018 Girls Leadership Corp (GLC) Supervisors, were incredible leaders and mentors and a welcome part of the BCYF family. Kesanet told us how great it was to guide the girls in building trust and bonding within the group. Samari shared the joy of exposing the girls to new experiences and ideas and watching them grow.Kesanet applied to the GLC hoping to have an impact on those she worked with. After she was hired, she realized how much the GLC values resonated with her  empowering and supporting the girls participating each and every day. I realized I wanted the young ladies to feel as if they could do everything and anything, Kesanet said. I know many young girls, including myself, have had people undermine their dreams or direct them to more 'realistic'or 'easier'options. I knew that facing doubt from others means that encouragement and reassurance is even more significant. Samari agreed, telling us that she wanted to work with the GLC because it allowed her to combine her desire to give back to her community while also empowering girls. Through this program our young ladies were able to grow and have great experiences through trips and activities that may not have been possible for them before, said Samari. They were able to step out of their comfort zones and do things they didnt know were in their own community. My goal was to bring the group of girls together and show them the great depths of wonder beyond the limitations of todays measures, and to assure them that they can achieve any goal they, set especially as females. Working with the girls not only helped them stay occupied and educated throughout the summer, but it also helped me see the balance between freedom and discipline and how to execute respect to receive it. As a supervisor this summer I created many memories and I have experienced a great impact from this program.This summer with the program was so rewarding as I built relationships with a great group of girls and Erika Butler who has been a support system for not only the girls, but for me, said Kesanet. What I appreciated most about this summer was the realization that, when we startedthe summer, the girls were hesitant to talk to me and each other, but soon trust was built and strong bonds were made. They quickly became outspoken and confident that what they would contribute would always be appreciated. At times there would rarely be a lull in the conversations and as entertaining as some of those comments were, it meant that I was doing my job right. I can honestly say I left most days happier and with the strong feeling that they did, too.We are so proud of both of these amazing young women and appreciative of the work they did with our girls this summer. We dont know where their futures will lead and what they will accomplish, but we do know that they will continue to give back and be role models for young women.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Joe Hennessey with Kems Construction Corp.to demolish the residential structure located at 29-31 Ward Street in South Boston,MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 12, 2018.
"Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh, Somerville Mayor Joseph A. Curtatone, and the 13 other communities of the Metro Mayors Coalition today announced a new regional housing production goal for coalition cities and towns to meet the demands of a robust regional economy and a growing population in Boston and surrounding areas.In a press conference at an affordable housing development site in Somerville, the 15 members of the Metro Mayors Coalition announced a target to create 185,000 new units of housing across the region by the year 2030. This landmark regional housing commitment includes a regional production goal, with a set of 10 principles and best practices to guide the commitment toward meaningful action.These new units build on Mayor Walsh's announcement last week, as the City of Boston increases its overall housing targets from 53,000 units to 69,000 units by 2030 to meet Boston's population growth and increase the number of housing opportunities available to residents. These new housing goals, which were first set in 2014 throughHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, build on Mayor Walsh's commitment to increasing access to home ownership, preventing displacement and promoting fair and equitable housing access.Work toward setting a regional goal began last year when communities banded together to establish a Task Force to address the region's growing need for more housing. The Metropolitan Area Planning Council (MAPC) in Boston projects Eastern Massachusetts will need 435,000 units of housing by 2040 to meet demand today's announcement is a key step in that direction.Since 2010, the 15 cities and towns of the Metro Mayors Coalition have added nearly 110,000 residents and 148,000 new jobs, while permitting only 32,500 new housing units. Competition for the limited available housing drives up prices, makes it difficult for people to find homes they can afford, and increases the potential for displacement.Metro Mayors Coalition communities are on track to add 235,000 net new jobs from 2015 to 2030 combined with the imminent retirement of the region's Baby Boomers, this robust economic growth will entail hundreds of thousands of new workers entering the labor force. If recent trends continue, a growing share of those new workers will want to live near the core of the region, where they can be close to their jobs and all the amenities the area has to offer.""Our region is in the midst of housing emergency. It is a crisis of housing affordability and availability that has deep and disastrous impacts on individuals and families. And it is not contained by municipal boundaries -- it is a problem of such scale and scope that it demands cities, towns, and the state come together to develop bold regional solutions,"" said Mayor Joseph A. Curtatone. ""That is our charge, and I'm encouraged to be announcing a regional goal as the result of our first phase of work. But this first phase is only a beginning. It is incumbent on us all to continue our work and implement actionable plans to achieve this goal.""""Housing production isn't just a Boston problem and no one community can solve our housing crisis alone. Home prices are rising throughout the region, and even as demand has grown, production has lagged. Today, these local and state leaders are stepping up to tackle the housing crisis head-on, because our residents can't wait,"" said Marc Draisen, Executive Director of the Metropolitan Area Planning Council (MAPC) in Boston, which staffs and facilitates the Metro Mayors Coalition.The Metro Mayors Coalition includesArlington,Boston, Braintree, Brookline, Cambridge, Chelsea, Everett, Malden, Medford, Melrose, Newton, Quincy, Revere, SomervilleandWinthrop.With this new regional effort, the Metro Mayors agreed to 10 Guiding Principles:Stakeholder and municipal engagement.Broad, inclusive outreach to local officials and residents, to understand the problemHousing production,both rental and homeownership.Housing preservation.This includes protecting existing affordable units and repairing older and smaller homes to minimize tear-downs.Housing affordability,for low- moderate- and middle-income households.Housing stability.Addressing extreme cost burdens, minimize the risk of displacement, reducing evictions, eliminating unfair rental practices, creating permanent housing for homeless residents and ensuring safety and stability.Fair housing.Abolishing discrimination against tenants and buyers and advancing equitable access to housing opportunities for everyone.Housing diversity,at a range of scales and a unit mix inclusive of multiple bedrooms.Housing designthat incorporates features accessible to all ages and abilities.Housing location,so residents can access areas that offer open space and activities as part of a community.Complete neighborhoods.Approach housing as a holistic part of community building, which includes a mix of land uses and access to open space, and a range of activity available through the day and evening.View the new task force website, which outlines the production goals and strategies to get there, athttp://housingtaskforce.mapc.org."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the City of Boston, in collaboration with Revolution 250member organizations, is proud to present BostonOccupied: The Redcoats are Coming... Again, a specialhistorical event set to take place over Columbus Day Weekend.Boston Occupied is a re-enactment and commemoration of the 250thanniversary of when British regular troops landed inBostonin 1768, beginning a seven-yearoccupationof the City. To mark this important occasion, on the morning of Saturday, October 6, more than 150 Redcoat re-enactors will land on Long Wharf and then occupyBostonthroughout the weekend.From Long Wharf, the Redcoats will march toBostonCommon where they will set up an encampment and participate in various drills and demonstrations for the public to observe. As evening falls, the Redcoats will create a stir throughout Downtown Crossing as theyoccupystreets, restaurants, bars and hotel lobbies in the area. The Redcoats will retire to their encampment onBoston Common before midnight.
We are have picked five zones to join the Neighborhood Slow Streets Program in 2018:The five selected zones were the highest-scoring. Among this year's applicants, these zones generally have higher than average percentages of households with children under 18 and people with disabilities. The zoneshave also experienced higher than average crash rates on their internal streets.
"Just about a year ago, we created a public campaign to help celebrate our B logo. We asked local artists, students, and residents to choose a holiday, and then create an idea for a custom B that we could use on our social channels. For certain holidays, we also pushed local artists to create designs that honored and celebrated the cultural diversity of our City. This contest wasnt just about the logo. We wanted to see Bs that were a reflection of our community.This effort was a partnership between the Digital Team and the Office of Arts and Culture. We also created a panel to review each entry that included members from the Digital Team, the Office of Arts and Culture, and the Diversity Office.Were excited to show off the 11 new designs that will be featured over the next year. You can preview the designs and learn more about the artists below.Karolyn Baez Rodriques is a Boston Public Schools student who submitted the design through her art teacher at Boston International High School in Dorchester. Karolyn drew flags on the Boston B because she thinks that Boston is a City that represents the union of immigrant peoples.Noelle Gobbi is a 25-year-old designer born and raised in Quincy. Noelle said designinga Boston B for Christmas was only fitting, as her name actually means Christmas.Cat Yu says she grew up hearing many Chinese legends. One of her favorites was the story of a monster named Nian (). Nian terrorized a small village once a year until an old man came and scared it off. He drove Nianoff by pasting red paper on doors, lighting candles, and burning bamboo, which created loud popping noises like firecrackers. Every year, people celebrate by wearing red and setting off firecrackers to make sure that Nian never returns.In the illustration, the monster wrapped around the Boston B is Nian, while the little pig is the 2019 zodiac animal. Cat Yu says this year is extra special for her since she was born in the year of the pig. Although originally from California, she came to Boston for college and now works as a graphic design freelancer in the area.Thi Le is a Boston Public Schools student who submitted the design through her art teacher at Boston International High School in Dorchester. Thi Les design, titled Tet in Winter, was inspired by how beautiful Boston is in the wintertime. She says the City brings a sensation of warmth, like her hometown in Vietnam. ""Aflower cannot bloom in winter, but in Boston that does not matter  flowers still bloom most magnificent and strong,""Le says.This is Noelle Gabbis second submission to the holiday B contest. Noelle said she wanted to design a B for Valentines Day because every year she uses the day as an excuse to treat herself to whatever she wants.Molly Dee is an emerging artist living and working in the City of Boston. Mollys work often deals with topics like feminism and womens issues. Given the chance to celebrate women with the rest of Boston, she says she jumped at the opportunity.John Branagan is a local graphic designer working and living in Boston. His work is often inspired by the Citys diverse neighborhoods and the people who make them shine. John chose Evacuation Day because hes always been interested in the state's local holidays that take place on the same day as national ones. John says that while people are out celebrating St. Patricks Day, it's important to know what else makes the day special in Boston.Athena Kan is a junior at Harvard studying computer science. She is really interested in improving government service delivery through technology. Athena decided to design this holiday Bbecause she loves the idea of residents contributing to Bostons digital efforts, and is excited aboutBoston.gov showcasinglocal art.Beth Mahar has lived in Jamaica Plain for almost 35 years. She says the Arboretum is a big part of her life andhas taught her a lot about trees, nature, and the history of the world. Beth is a tree spotter and has taken many courses at the Arboretum. Beth designed the Arbor Day Bfrom tree material found in Jamaica Plain.Stephani Finks and Jamie Kelley are both from the Boston area. Stephani is a designer who grew up in Marblehead. She has been living in Boston's South End for the last 19 years. Jamie is from Dorchester, or as he refers to it, ""God's country.""With that level of City pride, Stephani and Jamie say picking Dorchester Day as the holiday to depict was the obvious choice. The dots in the B represent both the people celebrated on Dorchester Day and the City itself  its nickname being ""Dot,"" after all.Rachael Webster is a freelance graphic designer and North Shore native. Rachael chose to represent National Ice Cream Day because she loves any holiday that serves as an excuse to eat ice cream. She was excited about the project because it was different from the work she normally does at her graphic design job."
The City of Boston is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2050. Bostons Climate Action Plan is how were going to significantly reduce carbon emissions and other greenhouse gases. The current update to Bostons Climate Action Plan was the result of a community-led process to identify the actions we need to take to achieve that goal. Now, we need to understand how.Were issuing a Request for Proposals (RFP) to facilitators, designers, and technical experts to help us create an implementation roadmap to achieve carbon neutrality. Were looking for the answers to what we do now, what we do next, and what each of those steps looks like along the way.If youre interested in submitting a proposal or are curious about our process, please read our Request for Proposals. We will accept questions about the RFP up until Tuesday, October 9. On that same day at 10 a.m. (EST) we will host a question and answer conference call that is optional for those who are submitting proposals. Submissions to the RFP are due Friday, October 26, 2018.We have some tough decisions ahead if we want to reach our climate goals. During the process to update Bostons Climate Action Plan, we want to work with key partners and community groups to develop implementation roadmaps for our highest-priority actions. Through this RFP, were looking for skilled facilitators who can guide those conversations and help create roadmaps that will steer implementation of the Citys next steps over the coming years.
"Boston Public Library announced today the launch of its mobile Wi-Fi hotspot lending initiative, expanding free internet access to patrons beyond its 26 public service locations. Hotspots will be available to borrow at the Central Library and branches throughout the City if all hotspots are checked out, adult patrons (18+) may place a hold via the online catalog for 21 day loan periods, just like a regular book.Each Wi-Fi hotspot kit contains a hotspot device, Micro USB cable, adapter, and instructions in English, Spanish, Chinese, Vietnamese, and Haitian Creole.Boston Public Library is committed to removing barriers to digital access and ensuring internet access and information-seeking opportunities are accessible to all our patrons, said David Leonard, Boston Public Library President.The hotspot lending program is a valuable resource that furthers our work and impact in this area.We thank Mayor Martin J. Walsh, our partners at the City of Boston, Verizon and T-Mobile, for their contributions in ensuring all citizens of Boston can more easily participate in the digital and civic life of the city.""Increasing the availability of high-speed internet, not only in public spaces but throughout the whole City, is a big part of our digital equity strategy, said Patricia Boyle-McKenna, Interim Chief Information Officer for the City of Boston. We look forward to seeing the results of this one-year pilot program that will expand connectivity options throughout our neighborhoods and communities."" In April 2016, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced a new partnership with Verizon that includes a state-of-the-art fiber-optic network platform across the city. Verizon included a $100,000 Digital Equity contribution to the city to support a mobile hotspot lending program.T-Mobile is the provider of hotspot devices, and will provide technical support for the devices, and library staff will be available to assist patrons who need help placing a hold. Additional information for patrons is available on the Wi-Fi FAQ page.Boston Public Library provides educational, cultural and civic enrichment, free to all, for the residents of Boston, Massachusetts and beyond, through its collections, services, programs, and spaces. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library is a pioneer of public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. As a City of Boston historic cultural institution, Boston Public Library today features a Central Library, twenty-five branches, a map center, business library, archival center extensive special collections of rare books, manuscripts, photographs, and prints and rich digital content and online services. The award-winning renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, completed in 2016, together with new, renovated and historic branches, provide a transformed library system for the next generation of users. Boston Public Library enriches lives, hosting thousands of free educational programs and exhibitions, and provides free library services online and in-person to millions of people each year. To learn more, visit bpl.org."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released the City of Boston's2017/2018 Vision Zero Boston Updateon roadway safety initiatives completed over the past year, as well as work that is currently ongoing. The report highlights initiatives of the Boston Transportation Department such as reducing the default speed limit, implementing theNeighborhood Slow Streetsprogram in two zones, improving priority corridors and targeted intersections, and prioritizing projects to address inequality in transportation.""The safety of our streets is crucial to ensure our neighborhoods are safe and welcoming for all, and through our Vision Zero agenda, we continue to make tremendous progress towards meeting our traffic and pedestrian safety goals,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""While we know that we have more work to do to, I am encouraged by the collaboration behind our goal of eliminating crashes that result in serious or fatal injuries, and making our streets safer for everyone.""Vision Zero is an early action item ofGo Boston 2030, the City of Boston's comprehensive, long-term transportation plan that seeks to build a safe, reliable and equitable transportation network for Boston's residents, commuters and visitors.Following the successful implementation of a citywide speed limit of 25 mph, the Boston Transportation Department has worked to ensure awareness of the reduced speed limit by posting over 100 new 25 mph speed limit signs at gateways on City of Boston owned streets and installing 57 new digital speed feedback signs citywide that flash when the speed limit is exceeded.The Insurance Institute for Highway Safety recently conducted a study of the effects of lowering Boston's speed limit from 30 to 25 mph. Results indicate that lowering speed limits by 5 mph on city-owned streets improves safety for drivers, pedestrians and cyclists. In particular, by lowering the speed limit to 25 mph, the proportion of people driving over 35 mph, where the risk of severe injury to pedestrians is greatest, went down over 20 percent.Neighborhood Slow Streets is the Boston Transportation Department's residential traffic-calming initiative. In Slow Streets zones, the speed limit is reduced to 20 mph and self-enforced by physical changes to streets, such as adding speed humps or curb extensions. Zones are annually selected from neighborhood applications based onobjective criteriaincluding crash history, higher percentage of vulnerable residents (including youth, elders, and people with disabilities), and proximity to public places such as schools, parks and libraries. Physical changes have been implemented in zones in Jamaica Plain and Dorchester, and additional zones are underway in Chinatown, Dorchester, Roslindale and Roxbury.Five more zones will join the program this year: Redefine Our Community the Washington-Harvard-Norwell neighborhood West Codman Hill - East West Codman Hill - West and the West Selden Street and Vicinity neighborhood. In addition, the City will work with neighbors in the top ranking communities that resubmitted applications to improve safety near schools, parks, libraries and/or community centers.""We are so excited to be selected for the Neighborhood Slow Streets program,"" saidDorchester resident Jeanette Simmons,Assistant Treasurer of Redefine our Community Neighborhood Committee. ""The data confirms that we have a traffic safety problem on our streets, and that our community has a lot of children and people with disabilities. Many families with small children walk to our local playground, so we're especially looking forward to improvements that will make it safer for our kids.""Beacon Street in the Back Bay, Kneeland Street in Chinatown, and Tremont Street in Roxbury and the South End, are all priority corridors that have been outfitted with contemporary safety enhancements. Daylighting at intersections and painting new crosswalks to allow for better visibility of pedestrians creating tactical islands to provide a safe refuge for people crossing wide streets retiming traffic signals to improve pedestrian safety implementing new bike lanes and painting channelization lines on the roadway to guide drivers are a few examples of improvements that have been made on these priority corridors.Improvements made at targeted intersections include installing pavement markings and flex posts to guide drivers through curves constructing tactical curb extensions to shorten the distance pedestrians need to cross painting new crosswalks and other pavement markings and establishing daylighting treatments, all helping to further enhance safety for pedestrians and cyclists. These improvements have been made in Roslindale Square, Neponset Avenue at Canterbury Street, L Street, Broadway and Wood Avenue near Mariposa Street.In addition, more extensive intersection improvements such as the relocation of curbs the construction of islands and the installation of new traffic signals as well as rapid flash beacons that remind motorists to stop for pedestrians in crosswalks were installed at Brighton Avenue and Chester Street, Saratoga Street adjacent to the Orient Heights MBTA Station, Farragut Road, and at Malcolm X Boulevard near King Street.A Framework for Equitable Decision Making is a guide developed this year by the City of Boston to follow when planning Vision Zero safety improvements. The focus is on people who have greater vulnerability when using City streets, locations where people gather, such as, schools, parks and job centers, streets that have experienced crashes and streets with similar physical characteristics of these streets.In 2015, Mayor Walsh announced that Boston would be joining cities and towns worldwide in adoptingVision Zero, a commitment to eliminate fatalities and severe injuries related to traffic crashes. Following the announcement, he appointed a multi-agency task force, lead by the Boston Transportation Department, to guide the effort and develop a plan of action.""We're proud of the work that the Boston Transportation Department and our partners have achieved since the Vision Zero policy was adopted in Boston,"" said Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. ""Yet, even one fatal crash on our streets is too many. We are continuing our efforts to vigorously pursue innovative solutions to help us meet this challenge and ensure that Boston's streets safely welcome all users. The report we are releasing today includes data indicating that the number of fatal crashes in Boston decreased from 21 in 2016 to 14 in 2017.""""Of the 58 policies and projects highlighted in Go Boston 2030, action has been taken on more than half of them,"" said Chief of Streets Chris Osgood. ""Like Vision Zero, many of these initiatives are multifaceted and require a great deal of coordination with neighborhood residents, government agencies at the city and state level, and transportation advocates. I'd like to thank all who have helped us to advance Vision Zero in Boston and I look forward to continuing this valuable collaboration in the future.""For more information on Go Boston 2030 and Vision Zero, please visitboston.gov/transportation."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Jacob Simmons to demolish the residential building located at 181 Cowper Street in East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 11, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Gail Latimore with Codman Square Neighborhood Development Corporationto demolish the commercial structurelocated at 14 New England Avenue in Dorchester,MA 02124.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10 days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 8, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Patrick McCabe to demolish the commercial building located at 569 American Legion Highway in Roslindale,MA 02131.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 8, 2018.
In a recent article, the U.S. Surgeon General declared domestic violence to be the number one health concern in our country today. Domestic violence can be defined by a pattern of abusive behavior in any relationship that is used by one person to gain or maintain control over another. Some people may not even realize it is happening in their relationship. Yet, more than 10 million reported cases of domestic violence occur every year. According to the National Coalition Against Domestic Violence, onein threewomen, and onein fourmen have suffered some form of physical violence at the hands of an intimate partner.Domestic violencemay occur in various forms that include: physical abuse, sexual abuse, emotional abuse, economic abuse, psychological abuse, threats, stalking, and cyber stalking. You can review this guideto learn more about these forms of domestic violence.For both victims and those who know a family or friend who may be in a domestic violencesituation, it can be hard to know what to do, when to help, or how to feel. It can be frightening, frustrating, and emotionally draining. Highlighted below is a list of resources:For more access to domestic violence support services, you can find information on the Employee Assistance Program resource page.
Last weekend, my staff and I participated in the 2018 Abilities Expo, which was held September 21 -23at the Boston Convention andExhibition Center. This was our fifth consecutive year participating at the Expo, to let people with disabilities know about our departments services as well as the many accessibility improvements weve made throughout the City of Boston over the past year.The Abilities Expo is one of the biggest cross-disability informational events for people in the local disability community. Exhibitors come from all parts of the City, the state, and the country more than one hundred vendors, nonprofit and for-profit organizations, and other governmental agencies exhibited at the Expo. Along with community agencies and governmental offices providing information, the Abilities Expo gives vendors a space to showcase helpful adaptive products, including equipment, technology, vehicles, and clothing. This year, exhibits ranged from assistive technology for sensory disabilities, to wheelchair demos, to emergency preparedness resources, to an adaptive climbing wall, to golf, dancing, and more!The Abilities Expo is both a fun and an empowering annual event. It provides an opportunity for Bostons vibrant disability community to come together to find the latest information on accessibility products and services. I look forward to my offices continued participation in the Abilities Expo in Boston for years to come!
Bostons Parks and Recreation and Greenovate Boston, Save the Harbor/Save the Bay, Boston Harbor Now, The Trust for Public Land, and the Department of Conservation and Recreation teamed up to demonstrate how simple activation of the park can connect people to the space for a diverse range of activities. The event spanned beyond Moakleys perimeter to activate a closed portion of Day Boulevard and portions of Carson Beach to further introduce the idea of connecting the community, the park, and the beach.In addition to enjoying a beach-themed inflatable installation, live music, acrobatics on the beach, exercise classes in the park, local food and beer, skateboarding, and parkour, visitors were also asked for input on the Moakley Park Vision Plan and to participate in activities that exhibited green infrastructure and coastal resilience strategies. One-on-one interviews were held with participants who wanted to talk in greater depth about their experiences, memories, and aspirations for the park.DISCOVER Moakley! showed participants how the park could evolve into a multi-functional urban waterfront park that combines athletics with resiliency efforts and new program to better suit and connect its diverse community and beyond.You can learn more about our plans for MoakleyPark on our Moakley Park Vision website.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Adam Burns with Paris Swift Development LLCto demolish the single-family structure at 221 Paris Street in East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 6,2018.
The Mayors Cup Soccer Jamboree brings together recreational soccer teams from across Boston providing rec teams from different local soccer programs with the opportunity to play soccer against other local rec teams in a non-competitive setting.Teams will be registered in the following divisions: U8 Coed, U10 Boys/Girls, U12 Boys, Girls, and U14 Boys/Girls.The Mayors Cup Soccer Jamboree will be held on the weekend of October 13 - 14 at the newly renovated Carter Playground at 709 Columbus Avenue in the South End. There will also be a free coaching clinic offered by Mass Youth Soccer on Saturday, October 13, from 1 p.m. to 2 p.m., for coaches in the U8 and U10 soccer divisions. Space is limited so coaches must register in advance for the coaching clinic. The New England Revolution will also host a clinic for U6 & U8 players on Sunday, October 14, from 10 a.m - 12 p.m. Registration is also required.Register for the tournament onlineRegistration is open now through Tuesday, October 9.For more information about the Mayors Cup Soccer Jamboree, please contact Woodley Auguste at woodley.auguste@boston.gov or call 617-961-3084.
Special events taking place on Saturday, September 29, and Sunday, September 30, will impact traffic and parking in Boston. People coming into the City to enjoy the festivities are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike-share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Saturday, September 29The Beantown Jazz Festival will take place in Roxbury.The following streets will be closed to traffic from 6 AM to 7 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Friday and Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Experience Chinatown Arts Festival will take place in Chinatown.The following streets will be closed to traffic from 8 AM to 5 PM.Sunday, September 30The Allston Brighton Parade, the Brian J. Honan 5K Run/Walk and the Allston Village Street Fair will take place in Allston and Brighton.The following streets will be closed to traffic from 12 Noon to 4 PM for the Allston Brighton Parade and the Brian J. Honan 5K Run/Walk.The following streets will be closed to traffic from 6 AM to 8 PM for the Allston Village Street Fair.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event parking restrictions will be in effect as follows for these events.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined community members, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts, and the Boston Transportation Department to celebrate the bike share stations that have been installed in Mattapan and Roslindale, marking the first stations in those neighborhoods. The new installations are part of a larger expansion project that will add 80 new Bluebikes stations in Boston, bringing the total number of stations in the city to 215 by the end of 2019. Expanding access and improving reliability in bike share is a goal ofGo Boston 2030, the City of Boston's transportation plan.Bluebikesis a bike share program jointly owned and managed by the municipalities of Boston, Brookline, Cambridge, and Somerville. Systemwide, by the end of 2019, Bluebikes members will have access to 3,000 bikes to be found at 300 conveniently located docking stations throughout the four partner municipalities.""To support Bluebikes riders and all cyclists on our streets, the City of Boston is also improving its bike infrastructure,"" said Chief of Streets Chris Osgood. ""We continue to plan, design, and build out a network of safe bike lanes that are protected or low-stress and that better connect neighborhoods, open space, employment centers, and educational services.""""Bluebikes is public transportation by bike,"" said Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. ""Our bike share program gives residents and others a low-cost, healthy, and reliable transportation option in Boston, Brookline, Cambridge, and Somerville. Bluebikes is also handy for people to use in conjunction with the MBTA to connect from the bus stop, trolley stop, or train station directly to their end destination.""Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts, title sponsor of Bluebikes, is providing the financial support necessary to expand the popular bike-share system throughout the four partner municipalities. As part of the sponsorship, the existing system became Bluebikes in May 2018 to reflect Blue Cross' six-year commitment to supporting growth and expansion. This sponsorship has also allowed for upgrades to the Bluebikes system including improved gearing systems, new baskets, seat accommodations for a wider range of heights, and valet service at the busiest stations to ensure bike availability.""BlueCross is thrilled to continue working alongside our Bluebikes partners to expand bike-share access throughout the Metro Boston area, especially for underserved areas where we know there's been high demand,"" said Andrew Dreyfus, president and CEO of Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts. ""We're hoping these new station locations will encourage more residents to give Bluebikes a try. We're very proud to support this program, which reflects our mission to help Massachusetts residents lead healthy lives.""Over the past year, a comprehensive public process was undertaken to determine the optimal locations in Boston for Bluebikes expansion. The Boston Transportation Department (BTD) hosted 28 public workshops and 11 open houses, shared information at community meetings and through neighborhood newsletters, and provided a format for online participation that garnered more than 1,600 comments on 140 potential locations.Two of the new bikes unveiled this week are specially designed to showcase the Mattapan and Roslindale neighborhoods of Boston. The bikes were created by youth artists involved with Artists for Humanity, which BTD hired to create unique bikes for the City's fleet. BTD worked with Artists for Humanity on other bikes in recent years, including those that celebrate Dorchester, Roxbury, and East Boston neighborhoods and to celebrate the Connect Historic Boston infrastructure project.For more information, please visitbluebikes.com"
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the re-opening celebration of the BCYF Vine Street Community Center in Roxbury will be held on Saturday, October 13, at 12 p.m. This $5 million dollar, one- year renovation is a key part of the Mayors $50 million dollar FY19-FY23 Capital Plan investment in BCYF facilities. All are welcome to attend the reopening celebration.Interior upgrades included soundproofing the second floor community rooms and the third floor gymnasium, adding air conditioning to the gym, and refinishing the entire gym floor. Program spaces were reconfigured into multi-purpose areas to accommodate the communitys dynamic needs. New kitchen equipment was added to the senior space, and the dance studio and teen rooms were renovated. A new recording studio was also built.Exterior upgrades included a new ground floor facade with an accessible handicap ramp, HVAC upgrades, and a new roof. Since BCYF Vine Street Community Center serves as an evacuation site for the community during emergency situations, the project also included the installation of an emergency generator.WHEN: Saturday, October 13, 2018,12 p.m.WHERE:BCYF Vine Street Community Center,339 Dudley Street, RoxburyAbout Boston Centers for Youth and Families Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program, the GIRLS Initiative, Camp Joy special needs program and many aquatic offerings.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston will increase its overall housing targets from 53,000 units to 69,000 units to meet Boston's population growth and increase the number of housing opportunities available to residents. These new housing goals, which were first set in 2014 throughHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, build on Mayor Walsh's commitment to increasing access to home ownership, preventing displacement and promoting fair and equitable housing access.After analyzing new data, Boston estimates that the city's population will reach almost 760,000 people by the year 2030. To meet the population growth and increase the number of housing opportunities available to residents, Boston has increased its overall housing goal.Reflecting Mayor Walsh's commitment to keeping Boston affordable to a range of incomes, theupdated plancommits to maintaining Boston's stock of income-restricted affordable housing at its nearly 20 percent rate. Of the 69,000 new units that will be created by 2030, 15,820 of them will be income restricted. By 2030, the total number of income-restricted housing units in Boston will be nearly 70,000. In the 2018 update, Mayor Walsh commits to acquiring 1,000 market-rate rental units from the housing market and making them income restricted units.""Creating affordable housing and addressing housing costs is critical as we preserve the diversity and character that makes Boston a city for all residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Homes are where every resident in every neighborhood deserves to feel safe and supported. This updated plan increases Boston's affordable housing goals, as we ensure all families who wish to live in Boston are supported. In addition, we'll continue to build bridges with cities and towns throughout our region to ensure all residents have accessible and affordable housing options.""In 2014, the City based its housing goals on projected growth in Boston's population to 709,400 people by 2030. With27,513 housing units permitted thus far, production has exceeded expectations, but the projected population of Boston has increased as well. The City of Boston has been working with the Massachusetts Area Planning Council (MAPC) and the Metro Mayor's Regional Housing Task Force to forecast housing need. Using the best demographic data now available, Boston's 2030 population is projected to be 759,727 people. To accomodate Boston's growing population, the city has increased its affordable housing goals.Last week, the Cityreleased an affordable housing funding roundthat includes more than $16 million in city affordable housing funds, and the first large scale awards of Community Preservation Act (CPA) funding for affordable housing development projects. As the City continues to make strides to create more affordable housing, as seen through the updated 2018 plan, it is also working with regional partners to ensure affordable housing is a reality throughout the region through the Metro Mayor's Regional Housing Task Force, which is expected to soon issue a Regional Housing Plan.""We are excited about the Mayor's updated plan to preserve our neighborhoods, slow displacement and build the housing we need for those who live here now and those who will move here in the future,"" said Joseph Kriesberg, President of the Massachusetts Association of Community Development Corporations (MACDC). ""The plan includes specific and sizeable commitments to add more than 15,000 affordable homes to our city, to preserve existing low cost housing, and drive growth to sensible locations. We also applaud Mayor Walsh for working closely with cities and towns across the region to address the housing crisis throughout Eastern Massachusetts because this problem can only be addressed at the regional level.""""MassHousing looks forward to working with Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston to realize these revised goals,"" said Chrystal Kornegay, executive director of MassHousing. ""Increasing affordable housing in Boston and across the state is our highest priority.""TheupdatedHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030planreaffirms the City's commitment to housing affordability, increasing access to home ownership, preventing displacement, and promoting fair and equitable housing access. In addition, the City will collaborate with advocates, providers, and other professionals to reduce the number of evictions in both the subsidized and private housing markets, and to implement strategies that raise the rate of first-time home buyers, particularly among households of color.Building on the original plan's goals to increase housing production and affordable housing across the region, the updated plan can be summarized in three major housing affordability categories: production of new housing, preservation of existing affordable housing, and protection of those households most at risk.Build 69,000 new housing units across a range of incomes by 2030: To accommodate faster than expected regional growth, the City of Boston is committing to increase its goal as part of a regional housing development strategy.Redirect development pressures away from core neighborhoods and towards opportunities for growth: Building upon theImagine Boston 2030planning framework, focus on preserving and enhancing existing neighborhoods by steering development to the IB 2030 ""expanded neighborhood"" areas. This will also reduce development pressure within existing neighborhoods.Create 15,820 income-restricted long term affordable homes: This will bring the total number of income-restricted homes in Boston to nearly 70,000.Retain Boston's existing income-restricted/affordable housing: Reaffirm the 2014 plan goal of preserving 97 percent of all affordable housing units as well as 85 percent of the 4,000 units in privately-owned affordable units at highest risk of being lost (""expiring use"" properties).Rebuild Boston's Public Housing: Homes provided by the BHA serve many of Boston's poorest and most vulnerable residents. The City must prioritize efforts to re-develop and renovate up to 4,500 BHA units with both public and private financing.Launch a 1,000 homes campaign: With prices remaining high in much of Boston's rental housing market, the City commits to combat displacement by establishing a goal of supporting the purchase of 1,000 rental housing units from the speculative market and income-restricting them via an expanded Acquisition Opportunity Program. These units are part of the 15,820 affordable unit production plan.Prevent evictions and promote housing stability: The City will work with affordable housing partners citywide to reduce the eviction rate in both subsidized and market rate housing, prioritize the creation of income-restricted affordable housing to protect Bostonians from the pressures of the housing market, and mitigate impacts of gentrification through targeted home buying programs, strategic acquisitions, community land trusts and cooperative housing, tenant assistance, and expanded outreach to seniors.Strengthen communities through home ownership: The updated plan will include commitments to increase the resources the City and others provide to first time home buyersto offer additional pathways for moderate and middle income families to become homeowners in Boston.TheHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030plan ties directly into theImagine Boston 2030planning effort, which culminated in 2017 with the release Boston's first comprehensive citywide plan in a generation and emphasized housing affordability as a key goal.The full plan isavailable online here."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh on Saturday joined Mission Hill Neighborhood Housing Services (MHNHS), elected officials and residents to celebrate the grand opening of One Gurney Street. This once vacant property is now a transit-oriented, mixed-use development that offers 40 units of affordable family housing, a new office headquarters for Metro Housing Boston, and four community-oriented retail storefronts including a new Eastern Bank branch. This is the first phase of the redevelopment of Parcel 25, the Mission Hill community's plan to revitalize Roxbury Crossing.Phase1Aof theParcel 25 redevelopmentrepresents the culmination of more than a decade of planningandhard work by MHNHS and the Mission Hill community to restore the land formerly owned by theMBTA. The Maria Sanchez House, located just across Gurney Street from Parcel 25, was the first building to be developed as part of the community's vision to revitalize the area. The Maria Sanchez House, completed in 2015, offers 40 units of affordable housing for seniors.""We like to say it takes a village to develop affordable, neighborhood-stabilizing housing. Never has this been more evident than our efforts to redevelop Parcel 25,"" said Mission Hill NHS Executive Director Patricia Flaherty. ""Not only were hundreds of our neighbors involved in the dreaming, the planning, and the advocacy, but almost as many funders were committed to making the community's plan a reality, led by the City's Department of Neighborhood Development and the MA Department of Housing and Community Development. Today we are grateful for all those involved in the Parcel 25 Phase 1A/One Gurney Street project and officially welcome Metro Housing Boston staff and clients, Eastern Bank, and 40 new families to the neighborhood!""One Gurney Street features nine one-bedroom units, 22 two-bedroom units, and nine three-bedroom units. All of the new rental units are affordable to workforce individuals and families at or below 60 percent of Area Median Income (AMI), 11 of the units are further subsidized to make them affordable to families with incomes at or below 30 percent of AMI. The 11 units include five units that are now home to formerly homeless households, and six fully wheelchair accessible units serving the needs of households with personswith disabilities. Three of the handicapped units are equipped with additional enhancements for personswith significant mobility and other disabilitiesunder the Community Based Housing (CBH) program. Four of the units are specially equipped for persons with hearing impairment and visual disabilities.""I want to thank everyone here today.This building has opened up the world for me again,"" said Allande Pierre, one of the building's new residents. ""After becoming wheelchair-bound, I had to live in an institutional rehab center for more than a year without being able to move around without asking for permission. With my new apartment and the special accessibility adaptations, I have my freedom again. I can come and go as I please, move around the neighborhood, and I can even invite family and friends over to my home. It's like night and day!""The first floor of the new building has four retail storefronts located along Tremont Street and immediately across from the Roxbury Crossing T Station, and now extend and support the Mission Hill Main Streets district. In a strong show oftheirlong-term commitment to the project and to the neighborhood, Eastern Bank and Metro Housing Boston now occupy retailand commercialspace in thenew development. Eastern Bank,one of the project's construction/bridge lenders,recentlyopened the area's first bank branch in decades in one of the retail spaces. Metro Housing Bostonpurchased the office condo andrelocated their headquarters and more than 155 employees to better service its clients at this location. Metro Housing Boston is the state's largest servicer of housing subsidies and a provider of housing support services.""The staff and Board of Metro Housing are thrilled to participate in the development of Parcel 25 to help reconnect Mission Hill with Roxbury,"" said Chris Norris, Metro Housing Boston Executive Director.""Not only have we provided our participants with a modern and accessible location for them to receive our services and get connected to affordable homes, but we have also helped knit together a community.""The project is LEED Silver Certifiedand has many green features for long-term operations, sustainability, and provides several new improvements such as new sidewalks, handicap accessible ramps, benches, lighting, bike racks, and a new pedestrian plaza and walkway that allows residents and visitors to move through the site and to their points of destination. The building was designed by Goody Clancy architects, constructed by NEI General Contracting, and is managed by Maloney Properties.Thenewdevelopment has been made possible in part by a City of Boston contribution of more than $4 million, including funds from the Community Development Block Grant and the Neighborhood Housing Trust tied to alinkagecontribution from Children's Hospital. This contribution enabled the development team to take advantage ofmore than$3 million from the Commonwealth's Department of Housing and Community Development.The State also provided an allocation of almost $1 million in federal Low-Income Housing Tax Credits (LIHTC) that helped raise over $9.4 million in equity from Regions and First Sterling, the equity investor in the project.A consortium of Boston Private and Eastern Bank provided over $10 million in construction/bridge financing for the development. The Massachusetts Housing Partnership (MHP) provided $2.9 million in long term financing and is the permanent lender for the project. Boston Community Loan Fund/Life Initiativeand Community Economic Development Assistance Corporationprovided important pre-development financing for the project, with BCLF/Life Initiative also providing critical acquisition financing for the land purchase.By the year 2030, Boston will reach more than 700,000 residents, a number the City has not seen since the 1950s. Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030 is Mayor Walsh's Administration's comprehensive housing plan to create 53,000 new units of housing for a variety of income levels. Since the policy was enacted in 2014, Boston has permitted more than 27,000 units of housing, completing nearly 18,000 of them as of the end of the second quarter in 2018. More than 11,000 of those permitted units are income-restricted, and more than 2,000 of these are reserved for Bostonians earning low and extremely low wages. For more information, pleasevisit here.The developer of Parcel 25 isMission Hill Neighborhood Housing Services, the 44-year old community-based organization, which serves Mission Hill. MHNHS is a non-profit community development corporation committed to the revitalization and stabilization of the Mission Hill neighborhood for all those who live and work there. MHNHS' recent focus has been the planning and development of Parcel 25 and Roxbury Crossing area. MHNHS is implementing the community's vision, that resulted from a multi-year community planning process. The organization's most recent projects include The Maria Sanchez House (40 units/seniors), across the street from Parcel 25, and Parcel 25 Phase 1A (now One Gurney Street)."
"Building on Bostons leadership as a city with a nation leading community policing strategy, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Commissioner William Gross today announced the formation of the Bureau of Community Engagement at the Boston Police Department. The Bureau will be charged with overseeing a citywide effort to further strengthen community policing in Boston, and will focus on ways to build relationships and trust between law enforcement and residents, create new and innovative partnerships, and promote inclusion and diversity within the department. Commissioner Gross has appointed Deputy Superintendent Nora Baston to serve as Bureau Chief, and has promoted her to Superintendent.""Boston is a model city in our nation for having strong police-community relations, and our goal is to continue building trust and positive relationships between law enforcement officers and community members,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""With this new bureau, we are doubling down on our efforts to connect with residents in their neighborhood and offer a hand of support. There is no better person to lead this effort than Superintendent Nora Baston, who has shown throughout her career her commitment to the people of Boston.In Boston we understand that to best serve our people, we have to work in partnership with them to make sure our residents and our neighborhoods are safe, said Commissioner Gross. One of my top priorities as Commissioner is strengthening the foundation weve set in our community policing model, and I know Superintendent Baston will do an excellent job in ensuring that were able to reach even more residents and help them feel connected to our movement here in Boston.As Bureau Chief, Superintendent Baston will be charged with ensuring that every district has a dedicated and robust community policing effort, concentrating on building relationships where they dont exist and strengthening ties with the community.Under the leadership of Mayor Walsh, the Boston Police Department has prioritized community policing as an effective way to reduce crime, while building trust with the community. In part as a result of that effort, since 2014 through 2017, there has been a 17 percent reduction in overall Part 1 crime in the City of Boston. In addition, continued efforts to target and reduce violence have resulted in 44 less non-fatal shootings as compared to this time last year, while arrests are down by 914, representing an 11 percent reduction compared to the same time last year.The Boston Police Department received national recognition from the Obama Administration in 2015 as being one of the top cities in the nation that is leading the way on community policing.As part of Bostons overall community policing strategy, the Boston Police Department prioritizes relationships with youth and the community as the key to building trust and creating safe neighborhoods. This starts with an emphasis on daily interactions on the streets and in school classrooms, and includes proactive prevention and diversion for at-risk youth and their families. In addition, the department provides positive pathways for our youth through programs such as Operation Exit and My Brothers Keeper. The BPD has strong partnerships and year-round district activities with residents through Coffee with A Cop, National Night Out, youth and police dialogues, teen police academy, flashlight walks, Shop with a Cop, and more.Superintendent Baston has been a member of the Command staff for 11 years, holds the rank of civil service lieutenant, and is a 22-year veteran of the Boston Police Department. Previous to this promotion, as Deputy Superintendent she was the Commander of the Community Support Division, and has also served as Zone Commander of Area E, as the Homeless Liaison, and as Coordinator of the Safe Street Teams Initiative. Prior to her appointment as Deputy, Nora was a Sergeant in District C11 (Dorchester) and District B2 (Roxbury) and a police officer in District B3 (Mattapan) and District E13 (Jamaica Plain). Superintendent Baston has received numerous community policing and leadership awards over the course of her career. A lifelong Boston resident and graduate of Boston Latin School, Superintendent Baston is committed to providing mentoring and support to inner city youth."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from John Chistoliniwith Conservatory Lab Charter School Foundation, Inc., to demolish the commercial structure and garagelocated at 395-409 Columbia Road in Dorchester,MA 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has 10days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on October 4, 2018.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh recently appointed six new board members to the Boston Disability Commission Advisory Board, bringing the total number of members to 13. This is our first full-capacity Advisory Board since it was expanded from ninemembers to 13 members in 2016. I am excited to welcome all of the new members to the board!In order to accommodate the larger number of board members, the monthly meetings are now being held in the City Council chamber, located on the 5th floor of Boston City Hall. The chamber allows each board member to have their own accessible desk and microphone. There is also an ADA compliant podium for guest speakers.Our Advisory Board members are active in the local disability community. They come from various Boston neighborhoods, have diverse interests and backgrounds, and have lived-experience as persons with disabilities (and family members). Our boardis representative of Bostons diverse abilities, neighborhoods, genders, ethnicities, cultures, and languages.They play a crucial role in providing input to the Mayor and City officials about services that are relevant to people with disabilities, and often express formal support or concern about issues of importance in the disability community.Our board meetings are held every fourth Wednesday of the month, from 5:30  7:30 p.m. Please note that City Hall has two entrances. The main entrance is on City Hall Plaza, and that closes at 5:30 p.m. The other entrance on Congress Street is open all night.All of our meetings are open to the public, and we will welcome your participation!
The Councilors called for a discussion around natural gas safety features such as automatic shutoff valves, communications strategies to inform residents through multiple sources about disaster preparedness, and optimized coordination with utilities.Councilor Pressley said, This is not a reactive measure by this Body. This work has been thoughtfully and proactively an issue that has been spotlighted by Councilor OMalley in partnership with Councilor Zakim for a very long time. She then recognized Leonel Rondon, 18, who was killed last Thursday on September 13 when a house exploded, and its chimney toppled onto the vehicle in which he was sitting, sending prayers to his family and all those who were impacted by the gas explosions in Lawrence, Andover, and North Andover.Since June, more than 1,000 gas workers have been blocked from their jobs by National Grid, which provides the gas services in Boston, amid negotiations with United Steel Workers Local 12003 and 12012. Dozens of the locked out workers attended Wednesday's Council meeting, filling the Council Chamber to capacity and Councilors used the opportunity to show their support for the laborers.Councilor OMalley said, Like many of you, I watched media reports about what was happening in the Merrimac Valley last Thursday and Friday and it was shocking. It was terrifying Its incredibly disappointing to me that this Chamber today is filled with incredibly talented men and women who want to be back to work making our streets safe, but have been locked out by National Grid. That is unconscionable.The matter was assigned to the Committee on Environment, Sustainability, andParks for a hearing.
"Councilor Wu provided what she referred to as a ""public service announcement"" before the Council and guests during this weeks Council meeting. She announced that September is National Preparedness Month, explaining, ""We have seen the need for preparedness, not just in the tragedy that happened in Lawrence, Andover and North Andover, but also in our extreme weather events.""The Council declared September 24 - 30 as Climate Preparedness Week in the City of Boston, a week dedicated to learning, service, and actions that better prepare our communities for extreme weather events. During this time, community leaders will host events around greater Boston to educate residents on how to prepare for the dangerous impacts of climate change and extreme weather.For more information or to find out about activities near you, visit the Climate Preparedness Week website."
The My Way Caf program, previously known as Hub and Spoke, is a model to replace prepackaged food at school meals with dynamic menus that highlight student choice, with the goals of serving fresher food, achieving menu equity, improving the dining experience, and reducing package waste.The program was piloted in four East Boston schools during the 2017-2018 school year, and will be operating in 31 schools across East Boston, Roxbury, and Mattapan during this current school year. Councilor Ciommo noted that successes of the My Way Caf model have included cost efficiencies, waste reduction, increased student participation, and positive student feedback.The order creates a mechanism to accept and disburse funds for the City to renovate or retrofit kitchens in various Boston Public Schools so that fresh and healthy meals can be cooked and served on site.The goal is to have the program expanded to schools across the district.
"This week, the Council voted to endorse a ""Yes"" vote on Question 3 on this Novembers ballot to uphold basic protections for transgender people.Question 3 asks voters whether to maintain the anti-discrimination and public accommodation laws passed in 2016 to protect the rights of transgender people. This referendum is the first attempt in the country to repeal transgender public accommodation laws."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that next Wednesday, September 26, 2018, he will participate in a discussion about the national and personal toll of the opioid epidemic with authors Sam Quinones and Maureen Cavanagh. The event isfree and open to the public, and will be held at Old South Church from 6 to 7:30 p.m.The discussion will culminate theMayor's Recovery Month Book Club, an initiative of the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture and Office of Recovery Services, in partnership with RIZE Massachusetts, which encourages Bostonians to read books that focus on substance use and addiction, in recognition of September as National Recovery Month.""Recovery Month is an opportunity for our city to have crucial conversations about substance use disorders,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Mayor's Recovery Month Book Club is about bringing our community together to better understand the opioid epidemic, fight the stigma of addiction, and inspire hope for recovery.""""The Recovery Month Book Club is a continuation of our commitment to work across all City of Boston departments to help promote substance use awareness and fight stigma,"" said Jennifer Tracey, Director of the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services. ""This partnership recognizes the ways in which creative expression has the power to connect and help heal communities.""Two titles were selected as the focus of the Book Club:""Dreamland: The True Tale of America's Opiate Epidemic"" by Sam QuinonesSam Quinones is a journalist, storyteller, former LA Times reporter, and author of three acclaimed books of narrative nonfiction. He lived for 10 years as a freelance writer in Mexico, where he wrote his first two books. In 2004, he returned to the United States to work for the LA Times, covering immigration, drug trafficking, neighborhood stories, and gangs. Dreamland, his most recent book, was selected as one of Amazon.com's Best Books of the Year 2015, a finalist in the LA Times Book Prize, and Boston's Globes Best Books of 2015.""If You Love Me: A Mother's Journey Through Her Daughter's Opioid Addiction"" by Maureen CavanaghMaureen Cavanagh is the founder and President of Magnolia New Beginnings, Inc., as well as the President of Magnolia Consulting Services. She founded Magnolia New Beginnings in 2012 hoping to give opportunities to those struggling to reach their full potential. Within a short time of incorporating, Maureen discovered that her daughter had a substance use disorder. She is currently on various Massachusetts task forces, chapter lead for Young People in Recovery Boston chapter, and on the parent advocacy committee for Facing Addiction and subcommittee to end the stigma through changing the language around substance use disorder. Her book If You Love Me was published in early September 2018.As part of the initiative, the Boston Public Library has provided:Unlimited access to ebooks of ""Dreamland,"" and increased access to ebooks and audiobooks of ""If You Love Me""Additional hard copies of both books at neighborhood branchesNine book discussion groups at local branchesAn additional list of suggested titles focused on addiction and recoveryResources related to harm reduction and access to care services""Language and writing can help us understand the many experiences of addiction and recovery and help us relate to one another,"" said Kara Elliott-Ortega, Chief of Arts and Culture. ""We are excited to see different communities come together to tackle the issues of substance use and addiction in Boston.""""Learning more and talking openly about the magnitude and impact of the opioid epidemic will help us work together to reduce the stigma associated with opioid use disorder,"" said Julie Burns, executive director of RIZE Massachusetts. ""We are fortunate to have Mayor Walsh as a partner in meeting the opioid epidemic head-on, not only with this event, but also through his continued work increasing access to treatment and recovery.""The Mayor's Office of Recovery Services (ORS), created by Mayor Walsh in 2015, is the first municipal recovery office in the United States. The office utilizes a highly localized, collaborative approach to actively address substance use and addiction in Boston's neighborhoods. Working in tandem with all City of Boston departments, ORS builds unique partnerships with State & Federal entities, local service providers, and the recovery community to coordinate citywide recovery strategies.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include implementing the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates commissioning public art, managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information go to:boston.gov/departments/arts-and-cultureRIZE Massachusettsis a statewide foundation committed to achieving zero stigma and zero deaths related to opioid use disorder by investing in the best solutions and brightest minds that will save lives, reduce harm, and end the opioid epidemic in Massachusetts. For more information, go torizema.org."
"Special events taking place from Thursday, September 20, through Tuesday, September 25, will impact traffic and parking in Boston. People coming into the City to enjoy the festivities are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike-share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Thursday, September 20The Taste of Fenway will require the following streets to be closed to traffic from 1 PM through 8 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping, Boston Police Special Event, Thursday 1 PM to 8 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Friday, September 21, through Sunday, September 23The San Gennaro Feast will require the following streets to be closed to traffic 24 hours on these three days.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday through Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Saturday, September 22The Chinatown Main Street Lantern Festival will require the following streets to be closed to traffic from 7 AM to 6 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Phantom Gourmet Food Festival will require the following streets to be closed to traffic from 2 AM to 7 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Sonias 5K Run-Building on a Dream will begin at 9 AM, over the following route. Minor traffic delays are expected.Sunday, September 23The Jimmy Fund Walk will require the following streets tobe closed to traffic from 5 AM to 8 PM.In addition, traffic delays should be expected along the following two walk routes.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Country 102.5 Street Party will require the following streets tobe closed to traffic from 6 AM to 11 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Greater Boston Walk to End Alzheimers will begin at 8:30 AM over the following route. Minor traffic delays are expected.The Fall Hill Fest will require the following streets to be closed to traffic from 10 AM to 5 PM.""Tow Zone No Stopping Sunday 9 AM to 5 PM"" parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Dorchester Bike & Brew will require the following streets to be closed to traffic from 4 PM to 10 PM.Councilor Lydia Edwards Fall Block Party will require the following streets to be closed to traffic from 9 AM to 6 PM.Tuesday, September 25A 225 State Street Tenant Event will require the following streets to be closed to traffic from 10 AM to 2 PM.-###-"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has released aRequest for Proposals (RFP)for affordable housing projects seeking City of Boston financial support. This affordable housing funding round will include over $16 million in city affordable housing funds, and in addition, will include the first large scale awards of Community Preservation Act (CPA) funding for affordable housing development projects.While the exact amount of CPA funding for housing will be determined by the Community Preservation Committee (CPC), total awards from all sources in this funding round will likely exceed $25 million, making it one of the largest affordable housing funding rounds in City of Boston history.""Addressing rising housing costs is critical for preserving the diversity and character that makes Boston a place where all residents can thrive,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Voters in Boston made their support for affordable housing creation clear when they passed the Community Preservation Act in 2016. My administration has put affordability at the top of our agenda, establishing a comprehensive plan, and committing more than $115 million to housing. With these new funds in this funding round, we will further accelerate our work to lift up every neighborhood and provide all residents and their families with accessible and affordable housing options.""Based on the goals outlined in Mayor Walsh's housing strategyHousing A Changing City: Boston 2030and theImagine Boston 2030Planning Process, the City of Boston has established priority criteria which proposals must meet, including:Affordable housing developments targeting a mix of incomes: from units for homeless households to units targeted and restricted to incomes representative of Boston's workforceAffordable housing developments that serve the disabled community, vulnerable or special needs populations, older Bostonians, veterans, artists, and/or aging out youthAcquisition of unrestricted housing developments in order to stabilize residents' tenancies, and provide long term affordability for a mix of incomes orAffordable housing developments that utilize City-owned landAffordable housing developments that have reduced the cost to build and use public funding most efficientlyDevelopments that are at risk of losing their affordability within five years.Projects creating new affordable units in high-cost neighborhoods where most of the IDP and NHT funds are generated.Funds will be awarded from three sources: the first, of approximately $8 million, consists of funds administered by the Department of Neighborhood Development, including funds from the Federal HOME Investment Partnerships and Community Development Block Grant programs, the City's Housing Boston 2030 Fund, and the Inclusionary Development Policy Fund. Up to $3 million of this funding is earmarked to support housing that serves households 55 years or older. The second source utilizes funds from the Neighborhood Housing Trust (NHT). NHT disburses funds collected through the City's Linkage policy, which extracts affordable housing funds from developers of large commercial projects. The third source is CPA funds, which are collected through the one percent property tax surcharge approved by Boston voters in 2016 to help strengthen Boston neighborhoods through strategic investment in affordable housing, historic preservation, and open space. The addition of CPA funds to this funding package aligns the City's housing resources towards full implementation of Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030 plan.Applications are currently availablefor the next round of CPA funds.By the year 2030, Boston will reach more than 700,000 residents, a number the City has not seen since the 1950s. Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030 is Mayor Walsh's Administration's comprehensive housing plan to create 53,000 new units of housing for a variety of income levels. Since the policy was enacted in 2014, Boston has permitted more than 27,000 units of housing, completing nearly 18,000 of them as of the end of the second quarter in 2018. More than 11,000 of those permitted units are income-restricted, and more than 2,000 of these are reserved for Bostonians earning low and extremely low wages.Although these results show strong progress toward the goals established by the Mayor's Advisory Housing Task Force, Boston's population is increasing more rapidly than the population models used in to establish plan targets had estimated. Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030 was created not as a static policy piece to be enacted, but as a living document meant to be reassessed and reframed as necessary. In the Spring of 2018, Mayor Walsh reconvened the Housing Task Force to assess progress and reevaluate the goals of the policy through this new population filter. Other factors under consideration include the Mayors Regional Housing Compact Policy and the effects on Boston and its neighbors, as well as the evaluation of lessons learned over the past four years. An update to Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030 is expected in the fall of 2018.Imagine Boston 2030is building on Housing a Changing City by identifying areas where continued growth can occur and where additional growth beyond the 53,000-unit target can take place. This growth will create a release valve for existing neighborhoods that are seeing pressure on housing prices. Other initiatives include: working to increase the overall housing supply, deploying tools to support the preservation of affordable housing citywide, putting forth an anti-displacement package that will create and preserve affordable housing, and preventing eviction, link housing and transportation and supporting home ownership. For more information included in the plan, please visitimagine.boston.gov."
"Boston election officials today launched the ""Vote Early Boston"" websitewhich provides voters with important information about the City of Boston's early voting initiative. ""Vote Early Boston"" begins Monday, October 22 and runs through Friday, November 2. During that time, registered Boston voters will be able to cast their ballots for theNovember 6Election, at any early voting location.""Ensuring all Boston voters are able to vote conveniently, and on their own schedule, is paramount to ensuring voter turnout,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""We have seen in past years the success of early voting, and I am proud that we'll be able to offer this resource again to our residents, in addition to all the other resources the City provides during election season.""""The City has gone above and beyond again by offering Boston voters many different options for early voting,"" said Pam Wilmot, Executive Director of Common Cause Massachusetts, a nonpartisan organization that led the campaign to enact early voting in 2014. ""The many different days, locations, and hours will making voting more convenient and accessible for Boston residents and will facilitate participation while reducing long lines on election day. It's a great plan.""Unlike Absentee Voting, no reason is needed to vote early. Any Boston voter who wishes to vote early may at any early voting location.During the early voting period, City Hall will be Boston's main early voting site, with voting daily during normal business hours (9 a.m. to 5 p.m.) on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays. On Tuesdays and Thursdays, City Hall will also be open until 8 p.m. for for early voting.Early voting neighborhood ""pop up"" polling locations will also be available throughout the city on Tuesdays and Thursdays, from 12 p.m. until 8 p.m., during the early voting period.""Early Voting Weekend"" will occur on Saturday, October 27 and Sunday October 28 there will be nine early voting locations - one in each City Council District - open on both days from10 a.m. to 6 p.m. A multi-channel outreach campaign in several languages will be used to inform Boston Voters about Vote Early Boston 2018.Organizations are encouraged to contact the Boston Election Department if they would like to host non partisan events or activities to promote early voting locations. Interested groups should contact us atelection@boston.govor 617-635-3833.For a full schedule, please visitboston.gov/early-voting."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Theresa Gallagherto demolish the garage located at 176 FaneuilStreet in Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 29, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Theresa Gallagherto demolish the garage located at 176 FaneuilStreet in Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 29, 2018.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh andMLK Boston, founded by Paul English and co-chaired by Liz Walker, along with the Mayor's Office of Arts & Culture, in collaboration with the Boston Public Library today announced the five finalist proposals for the new memorial honoring Martin Luther King, Jr. and Coretta Scott King are now on display at Boston Public Library's Central Library in Copley Square and the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal building in Dudley Square until October 16, 2018.""Each one of these five proposals does a tremendous job of honoring Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Coretta Scott King and their ideals, teachings and values,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to hearing the public's response to each proposal, and gathering their feedback on which project best exemplifies the profound impact the Kings had on the City of Boston.""The public is invited to visit the displays available at the Boston Public Library (first floor) and Bolling Building (second floor) and leave public comments there or on the MLK Bostonwebsite. The MLK Boston Art Committee will review each proposal and public comment, and the final artist/team is expected to be announced in November 2018.In December 2017, the City of Boston, via the Boston Art Commission, and MLK Boston released aninternational Request for Qualifications,asking artists, designers, and other creatives to submit their visions for a permanent work of art on the Boston Common commemorating the legacies of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Coretta Scott King. The memorial project will honor their profound impact upon the world, our nation, and the City of Boston, where they met and fell in love as students. ""I find breathtaking components in each of the five proposals that inspire and provoke, and speak to both this country's troubled past and our potential future,"" said Liz Walker, co-chair of MLK Boston. ""Even more importantly, each proposal speaks to the many voices Paul and I have heard as we have moved around this city, from neighborhood to neighborhood, inviting people to take part in the project. Whatever the final choice is, it will represent a collective voice.""Over a dozen community meetings were held with civic representatives, activists, youth leaders and other residents throughout the city to discuss the project. As a result of these meetings, the project vision was expanded from a single memorial site to three components:an outdoor memorial on the Boston Common, a dynamic program headquartered in Roxbury and in partnership with leading local stakeholders that oversees civic, educational, and economic equity programming, and an endowment in partnership with Twelfth Baptist Church to educate and train nonviolent activists.""Public art has the power to inspire and unify by centering memory and symbolizing shared values,"" said Barry Gaither, co-chair of MLK Boston's Art Committee. ""More profoundly than words alone, art can touch both personal and universal dimensions of our humanity. In this context, the proposals before us movingly evoke the legacy of the Kings--Martin Luther and Coretta--in Boston and globally.""The five finalist artists/teams were announced in June, and they developed proposals for the outdoor memorial component of the project. More information on each artist and their proposal can befound here. The finalists and their proposals include:Wodiczko+Bonder is a partnership based in Cambridge, Massachusetts by artist and professor Krzysztof Wodiczko and architect and professor Julian Bonder that focuses on art and design projects that engage public space and raise the issues of social memory, survival, struggle and emancipation. Maryann Thompson Architects (MTA) is a Cambridge-based architecture firm that specializes in architecture that is sustainable, regionally driven and that attempts to heighten the phenomenological qualities of the site in which they work. Walter Hood is the Creative Director and Founder of Hood Design Studio in Oakland, California, who designs and creates urban spaces and objects that are public sculpture. Their proposal, The Ripple Effects: Resonance of Voices, History, Love and Action, includes Beacon Towers, which symbolize the continuing presence, inspiration, and impact of the Kings' moral and social leadership. Emanating from the Beacon Towers are ripples that evoke the ""ripple effect"" of the words, actions, and leadership of The Kings. The Mound creates a journey ""to the mountaintop"" culminating in a deliberately empty and shaded platform conceived to bring into being a public community of engaged visitors. The ""bridge"" leading from the 54th Memorial across the Common past the Beacon Towers is inscribed with a chronology of emancipatory events. Below it, a glass wall offers a more intimate and self-reflective encounter with written and spoken texts that teach and inspire. The reflective surface of the glass allows for the visitor to see themselves within the context of the inscribed words, and in the company of ""others.""Yinka Shonibare MBE was born in London and moved to Nigeria at the age of three. He returned to London to study Fine Art, first at Byam School of Art and then at Goldsmiths College, where he received his MFA. Shonibare's work explores issues of race and class through the media of painting, sculpture, photography and film. His proposal, Avenue of Peace, is a memorial walkway, sculpture, and water feature. This interactive memorial engages the public with the story of the Kings' lives and mission, through a series of 22 inscribed benches and an app that visitors can download. The public is invited to take a journey along the avenue and sit on the stone benches lining the walkway to learn about the couple and their histories. A White Pine, called the ""Tree of Peace"" by indigenous peoples of New England, will symbolize the couple's enduring values, whilst deciduous trees will mark the passing of time by changing color with the rest of the park. Toward the center of the avenue will stand a tall fountain covered in colorful mosaic, set in the middle of a continuous oval pool lined with black granite. The mosaic design incorporates the couple's names alongside olive branches that will remind viewers of peace. As visitors approach from the east side, they learn about Coretta's life, and the west side narrates Dr. King's early life and his journey to Boston. The memorial as a walk will evoke the long marches they both made for peace.Artist Adam Pendleton is known for his conceptual practice, which encompasses painting, sculpture, writing, film, and performance. Future\Pace is an international cultural partnership between Pace Gallery and FutureCity innovating multidisciplinary projects for art in the public realm. Architect David Adjaye's broad range of influences, ingenious use of materials, and sculptural ability have established him as an architect with an artist's sensibility and vision.David Reinfurt, an independent graphic designer, was the lead designer for the New York City MTA Metrocard vending machine interface and currently teaches at Princeton University. Their proposal is informed by Dr. King's nal speech, ""I've Been to the Mountaintop."" The memorial is an overlook in black stone, projecting out from Beacon Street to embrace and overlook the Common below. From the summit of the memorial, visitors are invited to regard America's oldest city park and new mountainous sculptures below, which together compose a radical amphitheater. The open structure bridges over the Common's walking path. It is accompanied by a gentle handicap-accessible ramp which leads visitors from the upper street-level down to the lower-level of the existing walking path. On the lawn are sloped stone sculptures engraved with the words of the Kings that act as terrain and provide seating. The top surfaces of the stone memorial are engraved with text from their speeches. In addition, an integrated passive digital platform for mobile devices provides annotated transcripts and audio of the Kings' speeches, along with images, unlocking a deeper dive into the Kings' powerful messages.Barbara Chase-Riboud has been creating abstract art for over 50 years, and has developed her own particular innovation on the bronze sculpture method by creating thin sheets of wax that she could bend, fold, meld, or sever to produce large-scale sculptures comprised of ribbons of bronze and aluminum. She later added fiber to these metal elements to create some of her most renowned works - among which were a group of 20 sculptures memorializing Malcolm X and his transformation ""from a convict to a world leader."" Her Empty Pulpit Monument dedicated to Martin Luther King Jr. and Coretta Scott King is made of light, stone and bronze. The truncated stone pyramid represents their mission and collaboration, and the searchlight beacon represents their message from the top of the mountain they climbed together. The Memorial is inspired by a 17th century wooden pulpit, resembling that of the first Martin Luther and symbolizing MLK Jr.'s silenced voice. The Indian granite serves as homage to Gandhi's non-violence movement and inside the passageway is engraved a historic lineage of the diaspora. The floor under the arch repeats the iconic ""We shall overcome"" slogan. Carved on the back of the monument is their most powerful quote, ""I have decided to stick with LOVE, HATE is too great a burden to bear."" A series of ""waves"", green rolling hills where the public can roam, will surround the memorial. Additional MLK and CSK quotations on bronze plaques will be embedded in the hills.Hank Willis Thomas is a conceptual artist working primarily with themes related to identity, history and popular culture. His work has been exhibited throughout the U.S. and abroad, including the International Center of Photography, Guggenheim Museum Bilbao, and the Cleveland Museum of Art. MASS Design Group designs built environments that seek to improve people's lives in measurable ways and are infused by the potential to promote justice and human dignity. Based in Boston and Kigali, Rwanda, MASS forces the building process to engage with end stakeholders, and become a catalyst for hope and change in physical space. Their proposed memorial, The Embrace, is overwhelmingly simple and accessible: it is about what we share, not what sets us apart. Beneath the 22-foot-high arms of Dr. King and Coretta Scott, passersby will be reminded of our shared human connection. The memorial will envelop participants, allowing them to be simultaneously vulnerable and protected. By highlighting the act of embrace, this sculpture shifts the emphasis from singular hero worship to collective action, imploring those curious enough to investigate closer. The Embrace will be a mirror finish bronze, reflecting the changing natural environment of the park and the viewers themselves. Together, the Capitol, The Embrace, and the Bandstand create an axis that leads to the proposed King Educational Center in Dudley Square. A wall bearing the iconic image that inspired The Embrace will accentuate the exterior facade and mark the gateway to Dudley Square.""The King Memorial will engage Bostonians in civic discourse about our shared history,"" said Kara Elliott-Ortega, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""Each one of these final proposals creates opportunities for the public to reflect not only on the legacy of the Kings, but also on the ability we all have to enact change in our communities.""MLK Boston is a non-profit working closely with the City of Boston to bring a world-class MLK Memorial to Boston, and to sponsor local events and discussions to bring his words to life. It is co-chaired by Paul English and Reverend Liz Walker. For more information, go to:www.mlkboston.org"
Boston Public Library today announced that in celebration of Hispanic Heritage Month (September 15  October 15), the library has published its annual Latinx Life booklist, a list of recent books concerning the Hispanic experience. Genres include biography, expressions, history and contemporary issues, and fiction. Works by former Mexican President Vicente Fox, acclaimed Brazilian author Clarice Lispector, and former Major League Baseball manager and player Felipe Alou are among the nearly 70 titles.Boston Public Library is proud to celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month and this year, our booklist includes recent compelling works about Hispanic culture, with a special bilingual concert series for children and families plus other events throughout the City honoring this month, said Boston Public Library President David Leonard.Each title on the list is briefly summarized by a committee of Boston Public library staff members. In addition to print books, select titles are available as e-books, audiobooks, or in Spanish translation. Copies of the booklist are available at all Boston Public Library locations across the City and via fiction and non-fiction online booklists. Boston Public Library staff also curate an annual Black Is booklist in honor of Black History Month and a We Are Pride booklist honoring Pride Month.Themed programs and activities celebrating the month can be found by searching the BPL calendar. Special this year, Latin Grammy-winning Andrs visits twelve library locations for an interactive bilingual concert for kids and families.Visit the City of Bostons dedicated page to learn more about Hispanic Heritage Month events throughout the City.Boston Public Library provides educational, cultural and civic enrichment, free to all, for the residents of Boston, Massachusetts and beyond, through its collections, services, programs, and spaces. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library is a pioneer of public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. As a City of Boston historic cultural institution, Boston Public Library today features a Central Library, twenty-five branches, a map center, business library, archival center extensive special collections of rare books, manuscripts, photographs, and prints and rich digital content and online services. The award-winning renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, completed in 2016, together with new, renovated and historic branches, provide a transformed library system for the next generation of users. Boston Public Library enriches lives, hosting thousands of free educational programs and exhibitions, and provides free library services online and in-person to millions of people each year. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
"Friday, September 14, 2018 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the members of the2019 Mayor's Youth Council, a group of 85 high school-aged youth committed to improving their communities and empowering other young people in the City. The Mayor's Youth Council (MYC) advises Mayor Walsh and members of his administration on policy and programming and were selected following an extensive application and interview process.""I'm pleased to welcome our newest members of the Youth Council,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Boston's young people have a unique voice and perspective in our City and I look forward to gaining the feedback and advice of our youngest advisors.""Members of the MYC come from all across Boston and attend a variety of public, parochial, private and alternative schools. The MYC is a year-round commitment, and members devote eight to 13 hours a month to meetings, impact and service projects and engagement. The number of youth representing each neighborhood is based upon census data that indicates where young people live in Boston.""Youth have the potential to be powerful agents of change,"" said Chief of Health and Human Services, Marty Martinez. ""Through the Mayor's Youth Council, our young people will amplify the voice of Boston's youth and catalyze positive change throughout the community.""MYC representatives form issue-centric subcommittees based on input from youth and Mayor Walsh's cabinet structure. The current committees include: Arts & Culture, Education & Youth Lead the Change, Civic Engagement, Workforce & Economic Development, and Public Health & Safety. Twelve directors and deputy directors were voted in by their peers to lead the Council's committees.""I feel very privileged to serve on the council because it gives me the opportunity to share my ideas and opinions on how to improve Boston,"" said Donna Gee, 16, of the South End. ""I'm also meeting new people, and working on projects and developing a plan to involve the community.""In the past year, members of the MYC have worked on a variety of issues related to public safety, participatory budgeting, and civic engagement. The MYC provided feedback to the MBTA on their 5-year transportation plan and to the City'sGo Boston 2030transportation plan guided the community input process for how the City of Boston spends $1 million of the City budget through""Youth Lead the Change""participatory budgeting and led many discussions around current issues and events.""I'm really excited to be serving again,"" said Matthew Wang, 17, of Dorchester. ""I didn't know what to expect last year butI learned that we havea power that I didn't know we had. I'm excited to work on issues important to me like exploring pushing back school start times and creating more after school programs for schools."""
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the winners of the fourth annual Fay Chandler Emerging Artist Awards. The awards were celebrated during a recent artist reception for the Fay Chandler Emerging Art Exhibition in City Hall.The Fay Chandler Emerging Art Exhibition and Awards is an excellent way to honor the immense talent and creativity that exists in the City of Boston, said Mayor Walsh. I look forward to seeing how each artist contributes to Bostons creative landscape as they advance in their artistic careers.The winners include:Untitled, no. 354 is a collaboration between Yelena Synkova, wood sculptor and Sean Cummings, who illustrates from the perspective of architectural history. Cracks, spalting, and unusual growths naturally occurring in the wood are celebrated from the origin of each of their pieces in the woodturning process through to the illustration work in ink, where such anomalies in the wood are the points of departure for the drawing of city- and landscapes.Untitled, no. 354 by Sean Cummings and Yelena SynkovaSunanda Sahay is an eminent artist who paints in a folk style called Mithila/Madhubani, an ancient folk art form practiced in her home region in Northern India. Sunandas works have stayed true to the traditional themes of mythology and social customs, and her style has not deviated from the dense, arching and brightly colored strokes characteristic of the art. Her paintings have received widespread attention and acclaim, including several juried show selections and awards. She is also the organizer of an annual cultural event Essence of India.Sam Belisles piece Life is Beautiful, 2017 is an intimate look into the domestic setting of Jay (Jordan Caldwell) and Bills (Brian Billingslea). It is a self-proclaimed title by Jay and Bills that references the name of a three-day long music, art, and food festival in Las Vegas, Nevada that they are attending that day. Belisle wants viewers to wonder and attempt to understand why one would spend so much money on entertainment when they do not even have furniture. This painting is presenting priorities and expectations that may be unfamiliar to some, but it shows the balancing act that is ever-present in a working-class context. Using cardboard in place of canvas reinforces the narrative surrounding an economy of means and points softly toward issues of access.Fay Chandler was a Boston philanthropist and advocate for the arts. As an artist who started her career later in life, she serves as the inspiration for this exhibition and to artists of all ages. The awards are funded by a generous donation from the Galilean Fund in Fay Chandler's memory.These awards allow us to support individual artists while making city government more accessible and welcoming to them, said Kara Elliott-Ortega, Chief of Arts and Culture. Were so impressed with the quality of work that is in this years exhibit, and we encourage everyone to come see it while its up during the month of September.The show comprises 52 works by artists who were selected by a distinguished jury from an open call that drew over 130 applicants. This years jury members included:In addition to a cash prize, each winner will also be granted a one-year complimentary membership in the Fort Point Artists Community and will be granted an Artist Certification by the City of Boston.Organized by the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, the Fay Chandler Emerging Artist Exhibition features fresh, original and contemporary works of art created by Boston artists. The art will be displayed at Boston City Hall in the Scollay Square Gallery through September 21, 2018. You can learn more about the awards online.
This year's Early Voting period begins Monday, October 22, and runs through Friday, November 2. During that time, voters registered in Boston will be able to cast their ballots in person before the state election on Tuesday, November 6.Any voter registered in Boston can vote at any early voting location. You dont need an excuse or reason to vote early.How to vote early
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Quinlan Locke as the Charlestown Neighborhood Liaison within the Mayors Civic Engagement Cabinet.Quinlan is no stranger to Charlestown, and I am excited to have him join the Office of Neighborhood Services, said Mayor Walsh. Charlestown is a neighborhood steeped with tradition and I know Quinlan will work hard to make sure the needs of residents are met and will advance our goal of providing excellent city-services to every neighborhood in Boston.As the Charlestown Liaison, Locke will serve as the primary contact for constituents and businesses looking to connect with the Mayor's Office, and will facilitate the delivery of services in collaboration with City departments.The Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services (ONS) encourages, facilitates and maximizes citizen input and participation through service requests, neighborhood meetings, mailings and emergency responses. To report non-emergency issues to the City, residents are encouraged to connect with BOS:311 by dialing 3-1-1 or by downloading the free BOS:311 app on iOS or Android platforms.I am very honored to be appointed as the Charlestown Liaison for Mayor Walshs office, said Locke. Over the past four years, I have seen firsthand how much the Mayor cares about Charlestown and I look forward to working with him and other City departments to continue the great quality of life our neighborhood has.Born and raised in Charlestown, Quinlan went on to study at the University of New Hampshire where he received his Bachelors of Arts in Recreational Management and Policy in 2015. After college, he served as the Aquatics Director at the Charlestown Boys and Girls Club.Quinlan is an avid sports fan and continues to coach youth swimming in Charlestown in his free time. He enjoys rooting for New England sports teams and exploring the open spaces in Charlestown.
Hub on Wheels and other special events taking place on Saturday, September 15, and Sunday, September 16, will impact traffic and parking in Boston. People coming into the City to enjoy the festivities are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Blue Bikes, the regional bike-share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Saturday, September 15, and Sunday, September 16The Hub on Wheels bike ride will take place on Sunday, September 16, beginning at 8 AM on Congress Street at Boston City Hall, with a related event being held on City Hall Plaza on Saturday, September 15. An estimated 4,000 people are expected to participate in the bike ride. There will be a 10 mile route and a 40 mile route. Vehicle traffic will be banned from the 10 mile route only, which is expected to finish by 12 Noon. The 10 mile route is as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping, Boston Police Special Event, Saturday and Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping, Boston Police Special Event, Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping, Boston Police Special Event, Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Saturday, September 15The Dance Mile will step off from City Hall Plaza at 1 PM and proceed right onto Cambridge Street, right onto Sudbury Street, right onto Congress Street, right onto State Street, to Court Street, right onto Cambridge, and conclude at 2 PM on City Hall Plaza.The South Boston Street FestivalFor information regarding MBTA bus service modifications due to the event please see www.SouthBostonStreetFestival.comTow Zone No Stopping Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Saint Augustine Chapel and Cemetery 200th AnniversaryTow Zone No Stopping Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Uphams Corner Art and Health Street Festival.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 8 AM to 5 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Central Wharf Charity Block PartyTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 12 PM to 11PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Sunday, September 16, 2018The Boston Local Food FestivalThe South Street Diner Customer Appreciation DayTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 6AM to 8 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston has filed a complaintin Suffolk Superior Court against 13 opioid manufacturers, four distributors, and one local doctor that have contributed to the local opioid epidemic through misleading marketing and reckless dissemination of opioids that has led to thedeaths of more than 723 Boston residents since 2013. As part of the litigation, the City is seeking to recover both past and future damages and injunctive relief associated with addressing the opioid epidemic in Boston.""Boston has reached a breaking point in the fight against the opioid epidemic,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We have a public health crisis on our hands that has steadily gotten worse in recent years and even though we have been increasing access to critical treatments and supports, we can't fight this alone. It's time to hold accountable the companies that created and fostered this crisis and pursue remedies to stop its harmful marketing tactics.""The litigation focuses on several pharmaceutical companies that irresponsibly saturated the market with opioids, knowingly putting consumers at risk for addiction. The defendants manufacture, market, and sell prescription opioid pain medications, including the brand-name drugs OxyContin and Percocet, and generic drugs such as oxycodone.In addition, the suit alleges opioid drugs have been marketed in a misleading, deceptive and dangerous way, which helped give rise to the opioid epidemic in the City of Boston and throughout the country. Between 2010 and 2016, an average of 457 mg of oxycodone were dispersed per Boston resident, which is double the state average and nearly three times over the national average.""My first experience with opioids came with an emergency room prescription for a minor injury when I was 14,"" said Jared Owen, an individual in long-term recovery who now works for the Massachusetts Organization for Addiction Recovery (MOAR). ""I fell in love with the way they made me feel. I remember stealing OxyContin that my dad had been prescribed when I was in high school, and getting it from some dealers when I was in graduate school at MIT. They were expensive, so like many other people, I turned to heroin.""The City asserts that the increased dissemination of opioids correlates directly to skyrocketing addiction, overdose and death black markets for diverted prescriptions opioids and an accompanying rise in heroin and fentanyl abuse by individuals who could no longer legally acquire or afford prescription opioids. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) identified addiction to prescription pain medication as the strongest risk factor for heroin addiction.""The opioid epidemic has inflicted unprecedented suffering on the people of Boston,"" said Michael Botticelli, executive director of the Grayken Center for Addiction Medicine. ""Boston Medical Center sees its impact on a daily basis in the people brought to our emergency room, inpatient beds, and those seeking treatment services. The Grayken Center is proud to support the Mayor in his efforts to bring this suffering to an end and to show our support for his actions today to hold opioid manufacturers responsible for their role in creating this epidemic.""""At The Dimock Center, our number one priority is patient care, especially as we face the ongoing unprecedented opioid epidemic,"" said Dr. Myechia Minter-Jordan, President and CEO of The Dimock Center. ""The opioid epidemic touches everyone, regardless of race, socioeconomic status and geographic locations. And we have all been touched by it personally and/or via family and friends. Dimock's integrated services model and continuum of care remains committed to breaking down barriers to provide the help that is needed. In response to this immediate need, we have increased our capacity to include 40 beds thus reaching 4,000 patients annually, welcoming men and women from our neighborhood and across the Commonwealth to begin their road to recovery.""""I am happy to stand with Mayor Walsh and support his efforts to seek damages associated with the opioid epidemic here in Boston,"" said City Councilor Frank Baker. ""The crisis we are in today is due in large part to deceptive practices within the pharmaceutical industry. Despite our best efforts to combat this crisis, it continues to get worse. It is my hope we can use the funding from this litigation to help build a real recovery campus on Long Island.""The City is seeking relief to recover approximately $64 million spent to combat the opioid epidemic, plus the necessary funds to abate the crisis, in addition to future damages the City will incur as the epidemic progresses. Almost all City departments have been impacted, including the Boston Fire Department, Boston Police Department, Boston Public Health Commission, Boston Emergency Medical Services, Boston Public Library, Boston Parks and Recreation Department, Inspectional Services Department, Property Management, and Boston Public Schools.Having been in recovery for over 20 years, Mayor Walsh understands firsthand how easily addiction can take hold and how difficult it can be to recover. In his first term, Mayor Walsh made expanding access to recovery services in Boston a priority by creating the Office of Recovery Services to study substance use in Boston and lead the city's strategy around substance use disorders, addiction and recovery. This is the first and only municipal recovery office in the nation.In addition, Mayor Walsh mandated the life-saving medication naloxone (Narcan) be carried in every public safety vehicle in the city in his first two weeks in office and launched a new 24/7 hotline through 311 to help people struggling with addiction access all levels of recovery services.Continuing these efforts into his second term, Mayor Walsh announced in his inaugural speech that his Administration will rebuild the Long Island Bridge and invest in a comprehensive, long-term recovery facility on Long Island. These new services will offer a continuum of care, from harm reduction, to detox, to residential treatment, to transitional housing and ongoing peer support, and equip people with the opportunity to rebuild a life.The City retained Motley Rice in June 2018 to represent the City of Boston in litigation against the pharmaceutical industry for their role in the opioid crisis, following a Request for Information to inform the City's approach for developing a potential legal strategy. Motley Rice is one of the nation's largest and most successful plaintiffs' firms and is playing a leading role in helping state and local governments across the country address the opioid crisis by investigating and litigating against pharmaceutical companies and seeking to hold them accountable for misconduct that helped give rise to the opioid crisis."
In 2016, we launched Boston.gov with Drupal 7, a user-friendly, open-sourced content management system known for its big developer community.This was a rebuild from the ground up. We completely changed the technology of the old City website. We had two main goals with Drupal, namely, we needed to:Drupal offered enterprise level security and scalability. We also needed a solution that we could own, manage, and adapt to fit our needs, and the changing needs of our constituents. But, we werent the only ones who were changing.Around the same time we launched Boston.gov, the first stable version of Drupal 8 was released. This version of Drupal was not stable enough for our needs at the projects commencement. So, we could do little more than stare longingly at the shiny new codebase... until now.We had a lot to consider before we decided to upgrade. First, we knew the codebase was completely rewritten from version were currently using. Moving to Drupal 8 would be a big commitment  the process would involve rebuilding the site from scratch. Over time, however, the benefits would start to outweigh the costs.We pride ourselves in being able to innovate and make changes quickly, which is largely a product of our talented staff. To keep attracting the best people, we knew we had to keep pushing forward using modern and exciting digital tools.We also recognized that upgrading had many practical benefits critical to our mission, including:Finally, we believe in Drupals future, and appreciate that its an open-sourced product being used by many public sector organizations. We were sold by the proposed upgrade path and commitments to backwards compatibility for major versions of Drupal going forward.Before actually writing any code, we had to get a few things in house in order:We met with many other organizations who had gone through a upgrading similar process. Were lucky to work in a space where knowledge is shared openly and freely among government organizations. Were also committed to giving back to this pool of knowledge to help our partners and be transparent with our constituents. All of our applications are developed in public GitHub repositories that are free for anyone to use and contribute to.We have temporarily ramped up our internal team to get this done with three full-time Drupal engineers. We then held several, high-level meetings with members of our team to come up with a roadmap for our Drupal 8 upgrade.On our current Drupal 7 site, we have:Together, the components and content types define the structure for thousands of distinct pages on Boston.gov. This makes migrating content manually extremely difficult. Theres no simple way to just flip a switch and make it happen.Fortunately, Drupal 8 comes with helper modules that make this process easier. Were currently in the process of building out a scaffolding  with the help of Drupal  that maps fields in the old system to fields in the new one. This allows us to develop the new site over the next several months, test it with real data, and be ready for launch with the latest content when the time comes.Our team is really excited about the improvements in the new version of Drupal. By migrating our system, we hope to continue to give you beautiful, welcoming, and highly useful web experiences.Were constantly discovering new features that enhance our experience working with the software. The pace of development on the project is happening so quickly that there is always something exciting in the pipeline. We encourage you to monitor our progress and leverage our code for your own projects. You can even contribute to our effort via our public repository for the project on GitHub.Interested in supporting this project directly? We recently published a Request for Proposals (RFP) to work with us to host Boston.gov and our employee intranet. Through this RFP, were looking for a partner or partners who are experienced, involved, and well-versed with both Drupal 7 and Drupal 8 best practices.As we mentioned, were handling the migration with our in-house team. Were not looking for more staff, or intense development work or professional services. But, we do need a great thought partner or partners to keep the site up and running. We want Boston.gov to stay secure and resilient, before, during, and after our upgrade.You can access the RFP and any updates/addenda on the City's Supplier Portal, via the Procurement Department. Once you get to the supplier portal, here are specific instructions:The deadline for proposals is September 27, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from David Winickto demolish the garage located at 33 O Street in South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 22, 2018.
Boston Public Librarys Local andFamily History Lecture Series returns this month, featuring talks from public historian Elon Cook Lee and author Barbara F. Berenson, and continue through December. The schedule can be viewed on bpl.org. All talks take place at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.Boston Public Library provides educational, cultural and civic enrichment, free to all, for the residents of Boston, Massachusetts and beyond, through its collections, services, programs, and spaces. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library is a pioneer of public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. As a City of Boston historic cultural institution, Boston Public Library today features a Central Library, twenty-five branches, a map center, business library, archival center extensive special collections of rare books, manuscripts, photographs, and prints and rich digital content and online services. The award-winning renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, completed in 2016, together with new, renovated and historic branches, provide a transformed library system for the next generation of users. Boston Public Library enriches lives, hosting thousands of free educational programs and exhibitions, and provides free library services online and in-person to millions of people each year. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
Additional programs are scheduled for Saturday, November 10, at Teen Central at the Central Library, and at the Codman Square and Grove Hall branches in spring 2019.Boston Public Library welcomes artists and hip-hop enthusiasts to one of the Central Librarys most beautiful and inspiring spaces to celebrate Bostons hip-hop legacy and gather as a community to share experiences, both new and old, said David Leonard, President of Boston Public Library. I am grateful to UMass Boston, the National Endowment for the Humanities, and the Hip-Hop & The Bostonians curating committee for their commitment to promote Bostons intergenerational hip-hop presence locally and beyond, while also preserving this important piece of living history.As we continue to build a collection at UMass Boston related to the history of hip-hop in Boston and Massachusetts, said Carolyn Goldstein, we are pleased that this grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities is providing opportunities for Bostons hip-hop artists to share the legacy of these four hip-hop elementsmusic, dance, DJs, and graffitiwith a broad citywide audience at the Boston Public Librarys Central and branch libraries. Goldstein is the grants principal investigator and Public History and Community Archives Program Manager in the Healey Library at UMass Boston.Since 2016, Boston Public Library and UMass Boston have been working together to preserve and share the history of hip-hop in Boston and Massachusetts. They continued their collaboration to expand awareness and access to the Massachusetts Hip-Hop Archive through a grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities and hosted the Show Em Whatcha Got hip-hop digitization event on Saturday, May 19, at the Central Library. Attended by more than 200 members of the local hip-hop community, items collected for digitization included photos, clothing, videos interviews, and more, and will be available to view this month via openarchives.umb.edu.The Massachusetts Hip-Hop Archive is a collective of creatives, hip-hop enthusiasts, innovators, and community and state organizations united by a common passion and purpose to provide resources and opportunities to Boston's urban arts community. The Massachusetts Hip-Hop Archive includes a collection of almost 300 demo tapes featuring the biggest artists from Bostons early hip-hop scene, which were digitized thanks to the support of the Boston Public Library. University Archives and Special Collections in the Healey Library at UMass Boston is currently working to expand the Massachusetts Hip-Hop Archive and welcomes donations of archival materials from musicians, DJs, breakdancers, graffiti artists, producers, promoters, and fans that will help document the rich heritage and legacy of hip-hop culture in Boston and Massachusetts.This event is presented in partnership through Boston Public Library and the Joseph P. Healey Library at UMass Boston, and made possible by a grant from the National Endowment for the Humanities: Exploring the human endeavor. #NEHCommonHeritage.Boston Public Library provides educational, cultural and civic enrichment, free to all, for the residents of Boston, Massachusetts and beyond, through its collections, services, programs, and spaces. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library is a pioneer of public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. As a City of Boston historic cultural institution, Boston Public Library today features a Central Library, twenty-five branches, a map center, business library, archival center extensive special collections of rare books, manuscripts, photographs, and prints and rich digital content and online services. The award-winning renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, completed in 2016, together with new, renovated and historic branches, provide a transformed library system for the next generation of users. Boston Public Library enriches lives, hosting thousands of free educational programs and exhibitions, and provides free library services online and in-person to millions of people each year. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
"Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) and Jobcase, a leading social platform for worker empowerment, are pleased to invite Boston youth ages 15 to 25 to Ready, Set, Success on Saturday, September 15, at BCYFs Tobin Community Center, 1483 Tremont Street, Mission Hill. Ready, Set, Success is an opportunity for young Bostonians to receive free support and supplies to help them to prepare for and enter the job market. The event is expected to serve hundreds of young Boston residents preparing for employment - often their first job.The Ready, Set, Success event is a part of a larger effort from our Division of Youth Engagement & Employment to ensure Boston's youth have the chance to reach their full potential,"" said Chief of Health and Human Services, Marty Martinez. ""The program provides Boston students and young adults with the knowledge and the tools to effectively enter the workforce and succeed. We want to thank our partners Jobcase, Salvation Army, Dress for Success and Solutions at Work for supporting Bostons youth.Attendees of the event will be able to receive free professional headshot photos provided by Jobcase, and professional clothing donated by the Salvation Army, Dress for Success and Solutions at Work. Jobcase is also partnering with BCYF to provide resume support, career supplies, and food and beverages for the event. The event is free to all young Bostonians aged 15-25 and will take place from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.Ready, Set, Success will provide young Boston residents with crucial support, helping them to present their best self when they next seek a job, said William Morales, Commissioner of Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF.) This type of assistance can prove transformational to the career trajectory of a young person. We are glad to collaborate with our sponsors to make this happen.We are thrilled to partner with BCYF to help enable young people to achieve career success, said Fred Goff, CEO of Jobcase. The Jobcase mission is to empower people in their worklives globally and its a special privilege for us to help in our own local community right here in Boston. The Ready, Set, Success event provides info, tools, and community support  an approach that mirrors the Jobcase approach  to empower everyone to get the advice and skills that they need to get aheadTo learn more about this event, please visit youth.boston.gov.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program, the GIRLS Initiative, Camp Joy special needs program and many aquatic offerings.The Jobcase mission is to empower American workers. Jobcase.com is the free open-access social media platform where over 90 million registered members manage all aspects of their work lives. Jobcase technology also powers over 100 job sites and many non-profit driven activities via its Jobcase network. Jobcase has emerged as one of the fastest growing technology companies in Boston and is an industry-affiliated partner of MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, CSAIL."
Well, summer flew by again as usual and the new school year is now underway! Staff from my office attended opening day at the Horace Mann School for the Deaf in Brighton to hand out pencils to students on their first day of school.This year, many students with disabilities will be entering new grades, new classrooms, and even new schools. Some will be starting high school, while others will be going off to college and moving away from home for the first time in their lives.The new school year always comes with hope and change  and there are some very exciting changes happening this year in the Boston Public School system.Mayor Walsh and BPS recently unveiled the brand new Dearborn STEM Early College Academy, for grades 6 through 12. This is the Citys first newly-constructed school in 15 years. This state-of-the-art, $73 million, 128,000-square-foot facility, located outside of Dudley Square in Roxbury, is fully ADA accessible, which helps to increase the inclusion of students with disabilities.BPS continues to prioritize accessibility and inclusion throughout the schools, in both infrastructure and in policy. The City recently made a $4 million dollar investment in the Henderson School, which serves as a national model of inclusion for students with disabilities.My office will continue to work closely with BPS to ensure access for students with disabilities, for generations to come.
We cant stop bad things from happening in our lives, or in our City, but we can work to be ready to respond if something bad does happen. The last thing we need to be doing in a critical time is sorting out how to communicate. We need to be able to quickly get you information that is clear, actionable, and informative.Last winter, our team created a bunch of graphics for winter safety tips. The graphics stuck with our brand guidelines and matched the look and feel of other recent City campaigns. We shared these graphics with other departments to help push out the Citys message during winter storms. The result? We found a jump in website pageviews, social media sharing, and  most importantly  people getting the information they needed. Instead of staff from different City departments spending their time trying to figure out what to say and how to say it, we were all sharing the same message.The truth is, though, the City knows how to handle a snowstorm. Weve been through so many winter storms at this point that it was easy to build out the type of messages people would want to see. But, this work got us thinking. What other emergencies can we prepare for ahead of time? Are there other ways we can set ourselves up so that messaging from the City can be sent out quickly and efficiently?This past summer, in a moment of peacetime, we worked with the Office of Emergency Management to tackle these questions. We put together a list of events that often take place, or could take place, in the City. This list included everything from seasonal events to the things that hopefully will never happen, but arent outside the realm of possibility.For some peace of mind, please know the Emergency Management team is focused on strictly ensuring the City is ready to respond in a crisis. In the heat of the moment, though, communication is everything, and its contextual. We cant just make blanket messages and insert them onto social media. But, we can take some of the in-the-moment legwork out, and thats where our incredible team of designers came in.With ready-to-go illustrated graphics, necessary text can be added in seconds and the information is ready to be sent. The last thing we want you to do is question the author, origin, or intent of a message. Thanks to our new brand, we can create simple and easily repurposed graphics that look like they come from the City. Our distinctive colors can also help you tell the difference between helpful tips and vital information.When it comes to our graphics, dark blue, red, and light blue all have meaning and purpose in how they are used. We rarely use red on Boston.gov or on social media because we reserve that color to get your attention when we absolutely need to. We dont want to cry wolf. Its like desperately feeling the need to google tornado warning versus tornado watch when you see that pop up on your phone  which one is which! But if you saw a graphic and were able to distinguish the colors, that would help right away. (P.S., warning is the one to watch for... )Ideally, everyone should be able to understand the immediate context of our illustrations without text. We want to emphasize the importance of a message to all those people in our community who may need the most time to react and get help. These include residents whose first language isnt English, those with lower reading levels, and the elderly.To road test our designs, we flashed some on the screen during a team meeting. While many were straightforward, we had a few that turned into a game of Pictionary. We felt compelled to share the following to show just how tricky it can be to get graphics right. What do you think these icons mean?We cant control what happens, but we can affect our ability to respond, react, and quickly bounce back. This is a responsibility that falls on all of us. The more prepared we are, the more we can immediately help those who need it the most.With September being National Preparedness Month, we thought wed leave you with a few resources you can use to stay safe:
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh together with Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), the City of Boston's Public Facilities Department, and members of the community today celebrated the opening of the renovatedBCYF Gallivan Community Centerin Mattapan. The $3 million dollar, one-year renovation is a key part of the Mayor's $50 million dollarFY19-FY23 Capital Plan investment in BCYF facilities.""The residents of Mattapan will be amazed at the transformation of their community center,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We've invested three million dollars to meet the needs of our residents, and improved this well-used community space so everyone can enjoy it. I am excited to see everything that the center is now able to offer."" Upgrades include replacing the roof and gym floor, installing air conditioning in the gymnasium, upgrading the fire alarm system and emergency lighting, installing new storm water drainage, repaving the parking lot, installing a transfer switch for emergency generator connection, upgrading power outlets and select lighting, and improvements to the bathroom and the exterior facade. ""Community Centers are essential to the vibrancy of our neighborhoods throughout Boston,"" said Chief of Health and Human Services, Marty Martinez. ""The renovation of the Gallivan Community Center is more than fixes and system upgrades, it is about investing in our community and ensuring that resources are allocated to continue and enhance the rich programmingthat promotes the well beingof our residents.""A new playground was also built today at the BCYF Gallivan opening through a partnership with KaBOOM, Morgan Stanley Foundation and the Foundation for BCYF. More than 200 volunteers transformed an empty site into a kid-designed, state-of-the-art playground in just six hours. The design is based on kids' drawings created at a special design event in July.""This playground is part of Morgan Stanley's commitment to supporting healthy starts for children,"" said Jeff Swartz, Morgan Stanley Managing Director - Wealth Management and Complex Manager. ""Safe places to play are vital to that foundation and Morgan Stanley's long-standing collaboration with KaBOOM! helps to ensure communities have great places to play for kids and families and creates spaces where kids' potential is supported, nurtured and celebrated.""At the celebration, the Community Room at BCYF Gallivan was named after Toni Cromwell, a longtime Gallivan resident, former Administrative Coordinator of the center and former BHA employee who passed away in August 2017. Her son and lifelong resident of the Gallivan Boulevard Apartments, Dana Cromwell, spoke at the event.""I am very proud of where I am from and I am looking forward to seeing even more good things happening here at the renovated Gallivan Community Center,"" said Dana Cromwell. ""My mom spent her life working with youth and giving back to the community and my family is honored to have the community room named after her.""BCYF, the City of Boston's Public Facilities Department, and Powers & Co. Architecture collaborated closely with Northern Construction, the general contractor, on this project. In addition to a $3 million dollar investment in the Gallivan Community Center, Mayor Walsh is investing $1.9 million dollars in an interior renovation of the BCYF Mattahunt Community Center and is also investing in a kitchen upgrade at the Mildred Avenue K-8 School/BCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center in Mattapan."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture today announced Courtney Sharpe as the Director of Cultural Planning in the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture.This new position is a very important step in enhancing arts and culture in the City of Boston, said Mayor Walsh. I look forward to seeing Courtney use her expertise as an urban planner to further implement the goals of the Boston Creates cultural plan.Prior to this role, Courtney served as the Senior Planner for Back Bay, Roxbury, and Mattapan at the Boston Planning and Development Agency (BPDA), where she led the implementation of the Roxbury Strategic Master Plan via the PLAN: Dudley Square initiative.We are so excited to have Courtney join the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture, said Kara Elliott-Ortega, Chief of Arts and Culture. We know how important the intersection of arts and planning is to the success of Boston Creates, and Courtney will be a valuable part of our team as we collaborate with other departments, support the role of art in the public realm, and work to secure affordable space for arts and culture.Courtney completed her bachelors degree at Northwestern University and later received her Master in Urban Planning from the Harvard University Graduate School of Design, where she specialized in urban governance and social justice. She co-chaired the inaugural Black in Design Conference in 2015 and has continued to serve as an Advisory Board member for subsequent conference planning.Prior to joining the City of Boston, she worked as both an Innovation Fellow and Innovation Field Lab Coordinator at the Harvard Kennedy School Ash Center, assisted with immigrant rights as an AmeriCorps member in Chicago, and taught English and Arts as a Peace Corps Volunteer in Morocco.It's an honor to join the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, said Courtney Sharpe. I am looking forward to building new relationships and am excited to work at the intersection of arts and planning to expand opportunities for the creative communities to thrive throughout Boston.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from William Parry with CSX Transportation, Inc.to demolish the two railyardstructures located at 170 Cambridge Street in Allston,MA 02134.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 17, 2018.
This month begins Boston Public Librarys dynamic fall author talk series running through December, highlighted by Anne Boyd Rioux and Elif Armbruster, whose talks celebrate the 150th anniversary of Little Women. Additionally, several book discussion groups take place in conjunction with the Mayor's Recovery Month Book Club. Visit the BPL calendar for more information.Author talks and lectures at all Boston Public Library locations in September:Boston Public Library provides educational, cultural and civic enrichment, free to all, for the residents of Boston, Massachusetts and beyond, through its collections, services, programs, and spaces. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library is a pioneer of public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. As a City of Boston historic cultural institution, Boston Public Library today features a Central Library, twenty-five branches, a map center, business library, archival center extensive special collections of rare books, manuscripts, photographs, and prints and rich digital content and online services. The award-winning renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, completed in 2016, together with new, renovated and historic branches, provide a transformed library system for the next generation of users. Boston Public Library enriches lives, hosting thousands of free educational programs and exhibitions, and provides free library services online and in-person to millions of people each year. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
We are looking for a diverse set of passionate, dedicated, and experienced people to join our team to make Go Boston 2030s plan of expanding access, improving safety, and ensuringreliabilitya reality.Interested in one of the positions listed below? Let us know by filling out this preliminary interest form.The 20 positionswill be posted on the City of Boston Career Center in batches over the coming weeks. Once they are posted, you will be able to search and apply on thetransportation section of the City's Career Center. 
Open Studios are a series of events held in various neighborhoods throughout the City where artists come together to open their workspaces to the public and display their artwork. Every neighborhoods Open Studios is organized differently, but they function the same way: community members can explore their neighborhood, meet local artists, learn about their process, and even purchase some artwork.Open Studios events are also a great way to discover parts of a neighborhood that youve never seen before, try new restaurants, and peruse local stores in Bostons historic neighborhoods and main streets districts. They are completely free and open to the public, and all ages are welcome to attend.Events like these are a reminder of the immense talent that exists in each of our neighborhoods. We encourage everyone to check out an Open Studios event happening in their community, or in a neighborhood that youre not as familiar with. Join us in supporting and celebrating the local artists living in Boston!The full list of upcoming Open Studios events can be found online.
Dear Transportation Professional,The City of Boston is teeming each day with residents, commuters, students, and visitors heading to work, universities, restaurants and bars, museums and historic sites, Fenway Park, the TD Banknorth Garden, and a myriad of entertainment venues. Major companies are locating their headquarters here, more than 15 million square feet of development is taking place in the popular Seaport District alone, and more than 53,000 new housing units are planned by 2030.Its an exciting time to be involved in transportation in Boston. Hundreds of thousands of people are moving around the City each day by foot, bike, private automobile, and transit, including the MBTA, the countrys first public transit system. The Boston Transportation Department is tasked with ensuring that all of these people get to their destinations in a safe, reliable and equitable manner.BTD team members are working to advance the 58 policies and programs identified for implementation in Go Boston 2030, the City of Bostons comprehensive transportation plan. Many of these items are complete or underway. Boston is leading the way nationwide with Automated Vehicle testing protocols. Strategically located protected bike lanes are being constructed, and our bike share network is expanding. Weve launched Neighborhood Slow Streets, our residential traffic calming program. In partnership with the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority, were creating designated bus lanes on busy routes. Weve introduced local drivers to Park Boston, our parking payment app, and Drive Boston, our shared vehicle program. Planning is underway to improve circulation with adaptive traffic signals. These initiatives and others represent a commitment to invest in a multi-modal transportation system that will benefit all users for many years to come.I invite you to consider joining our team as we strive to refine Bostons transportation system and meet our mobility goals. We look forward to discussing with you the opportunities available at BTD.Sincerely,Gina N. Fiandaca, CommissionerBoston Transportation Department
Special events taking place this weekend will impact traffic and parking on streets in the City of Boston. People coming into the City are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike-share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Saturday, September 8An anticipated 1,000 people will participate in the Dimock Centers Road to Wellness 5K/3K taking place on streets in Roxbury. The event will begin at 9 AM at #41 Dimock Street. The routes are as follows.The event is expected to be completed by 10:15 AM. Traffic delays should be expected as runners and walkers make their way to the finish line.Sunday, September 9The following temporary traffic and parking restrictions will be in effect to support Open Newbury Street in the Back Bay. The streets below will be closed to traffic from 10:00 AM to 6:30 PMNo Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday (Enforcement will begin at 5 AM)An anticipated 500 people will participate in the Halfway to St. Patricks Day 5K sponsored by the Emerald Society of the Boston Police Department. The race will begin at 11AM on Belgrade Avenue in Roslindale and proceed along the following route.The event is expected to be completed by 12:15 PM. Traffic delays should be expected as runners and walkers make their way to the finish line.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Tim Johnson to demolish the auto body shop located at 8 W. Bellflower Street,MA 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 14, 2018.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture, in partnership with the Boston Cultural Council (BCC) and Mass Cultural Council (MCC), today announced applications for the 2019 BCC Organizational Grants are now open. Building on Mayor Walshs commitment to expanding and supporting arts in Boston, this years round of funding marks the largest ever and totals nearly $500,000 available to arts organizations.Boston is home to so many great arts organizations who are making significant impacts on our communities with their programming, said Mayor Walsh. I am so proud that we are able to support their efforts through these grants, and I cant wait to see the variety of arts opportunities that each neighborhood takes advantage of in 2019.The BCC works under the umbrella of the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture and distributes funds annually from the City of Boston and Mass Cultural Council that support innovative arts, humanities, and interpretive sciences programming with the goal of enhancing the quality of life in Boston.BCC organizational grants are grants of up to $5,000 for organizations and projects that benefit the public. Organizations can apply for either general operating expenses or project costs depending on their budget size.Organizations may apply for funding for the following art categories:In 2018, the BCC awarded over $470,000 in grants to 181 organizations. The Boston Cultural Council is a local agency funded by the Massachusetts Cultural Council, a state agency. In this years funding round, the City of Boston is contributing $300,000 in funding and the MCC has allocated $199,100 to the BCC for 2019 organizational grants.This year, the BCC has taken several steps to make the grant process more equitable, including making the application available in six languages, and improving outreach to underserved communities. The Mayors Office of Arts and Culture will also hold several grant workshops in various neighborhoods throughout the City to explain the application process.Every year we support the work of arts organizations that have a deep impact on their communities, said Kara Elliott-Ortega, Chief of Arts and Culture. These organizations promote cultural exchange, embed creative opportunities in every neighborhood, and engage youth and audiences around the City.Council members are Boston residents appointed by Mayor Martin J. Walsh. They serve up to two consecutive three-year terms and are picked based on their commitment to Bostons cultural community and their knowledge of various arts disciplines. Four new members were appointed to the BCC this year, including Paola Garcia Bustamante, Lana Jackson, Jennifer Falk, and Daniel Francois.The deadline to apply for BCC organizational grants is Monday, October 15, 2018. You can find more information online.
Helpingto increase awareness of mental health, suicide prevention, and addiction recovery are vital in being able to provide valuable support services for individuals seeking help.Suicide can be a challenging topic to address in the workplace and in peoples daily lives. Some people report feeling that the topic of suicide is uncomfortable to talk about or that they become uncomfortable when peers are making suicidal statements. Even more tragically, often after a suicide has occurred, loved ones and friends acknowledge that they thought something was wrong or saw signs they were concerned about but did not know what to do or felt uncomfortable saying or doing anything. On average there are 121 suicides per day in the United States (source: American Foundation for Suicide Prevention). These are the reasons that it is crucial that open dialogues are happening regularlyBelow is a list of organizations that contain helpful information and resources. Links provide signs to look for, tips on how best to support someone who could be at risk, as well as information on what to do in such a crisis. For more support or information feel free to contact us here at the EAP or to also explore these other resources. We as a nation are in the midst of an opioid epidemic, but addiction and substance abuse of all kinds have impacted our community for generations. Dependency on a substance can stem from numerous sources. Addiction amplifies pre-existing mental and physical health conditions. Behaviors around addiction lead people to more dangerous and isolated lives. Recovery is a lengthy process and a lifetime of challenges. It can take multiple tries to make progress or decide to embrace abstinence.Boston is a city full of resources that can help build a support network.The largest peer-run support systems are Alcoholics Anonymous and Narcotics Anonymous. There is a searchable AA meeting database. You can also find a meeting through the New England chapter of NA database. Another growing peer network based around national recovery that offers online and in-person meetingsis SMARTRecovery.For those who need more support, it may be beneficial to seek out partial or intensive outpatient group programs offered by City and statewide agencies, such as Adcare.Al-Anon is a support group for relatives and friends of those in recovery who share their experience, strength, and hope, in order to solve their common problems.To seek the states help in getting emergency placement in a detoxification program, there is a process of legally mandated treatment called section 35. Learn more about the process.There is hope. Opioid deaths decreased by 8.3% this year. Recovery is possible. For further national recovery month resources, we encourage you to check out the following:
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Richard Shearns with G. Greene Properties, LLCto demolish the commercial structure and garage located at 240 Lincoln Street in Allston, MA 02134.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on September 10, 2018.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a series of events marking September as Recovery Month, a national observance that aims to combat the social stigma around addiction, celebrate recovery, and promote overall awareness. Programming starts today with anoverdose prevention trainingat City Hall to commemorate International Overdose Awareness Day. City Hall will be lit purpletonight, the recognized color for drug overdose awareness, to honor those impacted by overdoses.""Every year, we recognize Recovery Month as a time to start conversations about substance use and provide support for individuals who are struggling or in recovery,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Addiction is a serious disease, but we know that with treatment and support, people can recover and get their lives back on track. This month is dedicated to all members of our community who have been impacted by substance use disorders and to the care providers who support people throughout their recovery.""Central to the month-long programming is theMayor's Recovery Month Book Club, a series of events that encourages Bostonians to read books that focus on substance use and addiction, and aims to start difficult conversations about the far-reaching effects of America's addiction crisis. The initiative is organized by the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services (ORS), the Office of Arts and Culture and the Boston Public Library (BPL), in partnership with RIZE Massachusetts.The titles selected as the focus of the book club are ""Dreamland: The True Tale of America's Opiate Epidemic"" by Sam Quinones and ""If You Love Me: A Mother's Journey Through Her Daughter's Opioid Addiction"" by Maureen Cavanagh.Book groups will be held at several library branches throughout the month.""This is an important opportunity for all of us to elevate the conversation of recovery,"" said Chief of Health and Human Services, Marty Martinez. ""Throughout the month we will further engage all Bostonians with the goal of combating the stigma that impedes the recovery process. We are eager to increase visibility of community activities and resource information that will help communities better understand the ongoing experience of people in recovery. Recovery Month is an opportunity for us to highlight all the work that is being done and recommit to supporting our communities.""""ORS is excited to co-lead this initiative, which blends art and substance use recovery and engages Bostonians in an innovative way,"" said Jen Tracey, Director of the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services. ""It is our hope that this creative, cross-sector collaboration will help people more readily access information about America's addiction crisis.""In an effort to promote greater awareness and education, BPL will provide increased access to ebooks and audiobooks of the titles selected, hard copies at neighborhood branches, and discussion groups. The Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) will make overdose prevention and access-to-care resources available at Boston Public Library locations throughout the City.""Boston Public Library is proud to collaborate on the Mayor's Recovery Month Book Club Initiative by providing additional copies of the selected titles both online and in print,"" said Boston Public Library President David Leonard. ""The library should always be a place where people can turn to find a trusted source of good information and connection to resources, particularly on topics like substance use and recovery, whether the concern if for yourself, a loved one, or the community.""""RIZE is proud to collaborate with the city to shine a light on this insidious disease,"" said Julie Burns, RIZE Executive Director. ""The lack of understanding of the disease and related stigma are keeping people from getting the help they need and the more we talk openly about it, the more we can reduce the number of deaths and harm caused by it.""Events during Recovery Month are free and open to all to attend, and include:Substance Use Recovery Lunch and Learn SeriesCity Hall, Room 801, Wednesdays in September (5, 12, 19, and 26) from12:00 P.M. - 1:00 P.M.MOAR & Friends' 28th Annual Recovery Month CelebrationCity Hall Plaza (meet and march location) & Faneuil Hall (programming location),Monday, September 17, 2018 at 9:00 A.M.Mayor's Recovery Month Book Club - Discussion with Sam Quinones and Maureen CavanaghOld South Church,645 Boylston St, Boston,Wednesday, September 26, 2018 from 6:00 P.M. to 7:30 P.M.As an individual in recovery for over 20 years, Mayor Walsh understands firsthand how easily addiction can take hold and how difficult it can be to recover. In his first term, Mayor Walsh made expanding access to recovery services in Boston a priority by creating theOffice of Recovery Servicesto study substance use in Boston and lead the city's strategy around substance use disorders, addiction and recovery. This is the first and only municipal recovery office in the nation.In addition, Mayor Walsh mandated the life-saving medication naloxone (Narcan) be carried in every public safety vehicle in the city in his first two weeks in office and launched anew 24/7 hotline through 311to help people struggling with addiction access all levels of recovery services.Continuing these efforts into his second term, Mayor Walsh announced in his inaugural speech in January that his Administration will rebuild the Long Island Bridge and invest in a comprehensive, long-term recovery facility on Long Island. These new services will offer a continuum of care and equip people with the opportunity to rebuild a life.You can find more information on recovery services on Boston.gov."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced thefindings of the independent auditconducted by Ernst & Young (EY) of student activity accounts at Boston Public Schools (BPS). The EY audit analyzed fund activity and use, assessed key internal controls and reviewed historical transactions at 118 schools in the BPS system, excluding the six Horace Mann Charter schools due to their autonomy, for School Years 2013 through 2018, or the past five years.""Student activity accounts were launched in the early 1990s and, while they are in most of our schools in Boston, these accounts have never been audited or reviewed until now,""Mayor Walshsaid. ""Trust, transparency and being fiscally responsible for the residents of Boston is what drives our priorities, and this in-depth review has allowed for the creation of substantial and comprehensive new policies and procedures. I want to thank our school leaders for their partnership in this review and for embracing these new guidelines as we begin the new school year.""EY was retained by the City of Boston following an audit by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) that included a review of student activity accounts at 16 randomly chosen schools. Several operational changes were made at the City of Boston and BPS as a result of the IRS audit, including eliminating the use of local accounts, requiring all student activity funds to be held and managed through the City of Boston's financial system, enhancing controls and clearer communication to school leaders regarding the rules surrounding student activity accounts.""The Boston School Committee is committed to implementing and upholding policies and practices to ensure all funds in the Boston Public Schools are safeguarded and being used appropriately,""Boston School Committee Chairman Michael Locontosaid. ""We thank Mayor Walsh, BPS staff, and Ernst & Young for their continued cooperation and assessment of student activity accounts. The School Committee looks forward to reviewing the upcoming proposal to ensure stronger accounting practices in the district, and working with the Internal Audit Task Force that was approved by the Committee last winter to advance prudent fiscal oversight for our school system.""As EY's work was ongoing, the City of Boston and BPS took significant steps to address any potential risks uncovered by their review and ensure the proper policies and procedures were in place before the beginning of the school year. These actions are in addition to the changes already made in response to the IRS audit and include the following:EY also identified several specific control and procedural gaps that presented the highest potential risk, including those related to segregation of funding sources, expenditures and duties, tax reporting process, appropriateness of fund usage, cash collection and on-hand cash procedures. Each of these priority issues have been addressed through the new policies and operating manual, the Master Agency Account that requires all expenditures to go through the City of Boston's payment system, the new internal auditing process that will be implemented at BPS, new guidelines on maintaining appropriate documentation on the sources of funds, a stated procedure for the handling and reconciliation of funds prior to and after deposit and the elimination of local accounts.""The structures and protocols we have implemented as a result of the EY audit will ensure that, going forward, student activity accounts are used to empower educators to provide BPS students with opportunities for well-rounded and engaging educational experiences in a transparent and thoughtful manner,""Interim Superintendent Laura Perillesaid. ""BPS is grateful to all those who participated in and worked on this important initiative to maintain sound fiscal stewardship over these modest but important components of spending in our schools.""The proposed School Committee policy will be presented to the Boston School Committee for approval at their meeting onSeptember 12, 2018. The Student Activity Operating Manual and Superintendent Policy was presented to school leaders at the August Leadership Institute and can be foundhere.Student activities are broadly defined to be co-curricular in nature, contingent on a fee or on external fundraising and for the sole benefit of students. BPS recognizes the following as student activities:EY spent three to five days at each school during their review and produced a summary of school specific findings in addition to their overall report. These school specific summaries are availableonlinefor further review by school leaders and the school community."
People coming into the City are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike-share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.On Monday, September 3, an anticipated 2,000 runners participating in the MR8K will leave from Causeway Street at the TD Garden and proceed along the following route beginning at 9 AM:All streets along the route will be closed to traffic from 8:45 AM through approximately 10:30 AM. In addition, the following temporary parking restrictions will be in effect.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Monday 6:00 am to 1:00 pmPearl Jam concerts at Fenway Park are scheduled to take place on Sunday, September 2, and Tuesday, September 4, from 6:30 pm to 10:30 pm. Drivers are reminded that the fine for parking illegally in on-street Fenway/Kenmore Resident Parking Only spaces on event days at Fenway carries an increased fee of $100. In addition, the following temporary parking restrictions will be in effect.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday and Tuesday 2:00 pm to 11:59 pmTow Zone No Parking Reserved for HP-DV Parking ONLY Sunday and Tuesday 
"Today, the City of Boston Election Department released plans for the State Primaries, taking place the day after Labor Day onTuesday, September 4, 2018. The polls in Boston will open at7 a.m.and close at8 p.m.To find your voting location and view a sample of your ballot, check your voter status on the state's website.All absentee ballot applications must be in the possession of the Elections Department by5 p.m.tomorrowFriday, August 31, 2018.Ballots have been printed for Boston's403,560registered voters which includes206,148in the Democratic Party,23,893in the Republican Party, and 1,154 in the Libertarian Party. Boston's 172,365 voters who are not enrolled in any political party (often referred to as independents) may choose one party's ballot to vote with onSeptember 4, 2018. All polling places will be equipped with an Automark machine, which assists voters with sensory and physical limitations in marking their ballots and provides translation assistance.The following languages will be available at the polls and/or through a central translator telephone bank:The department has recruited and trained more than 1,500 poll workers to staff 155 polling locations, covering approximately 255 precincts. From administering election laws, assisting voters, to counting ballots, poll workers play a vital role in the success of Election Day.To help boost civic engagement, residents are encouraged to use hashtag #BostonVotes on social media platforms with photos of ""I voted"" stickers.Unofficial results will be posted onlineafter the polls close at8 p.m.Updates on turnout will be provided periodically via Twitter:@BostonElections, and theCity of Boston Elections Department's Facebook account.Please use the Election Department'swebsiteto receive additional information regarding the election registered voters are able to use the site to locate polling locations.Members of the media are reminded that certain rules must be followed in order to ensure a smooth voting process for voters."
The plantings will take place in approved locations along the Citys public ways on the weekends of October 26 and November 2. Groups with approved planting locations will be contacted by the Parks Department and given bulb pick-up instructions and dates.Individuals, civic associations, church groups, sports leagues, scout troops, open space advocates, and parks friends are just some examples of the volunteers the Parks Department seeks to help in the BostonBloomswith Daffodils effort. Last year over 100 community groups planted the bulbs distributed by the City.Anyone interested in assisting with planting can fill out a form on the Boston Blooms websitewhich asks for contact information and identification of the public space the applicant is volunteering to plant. Groups and individuals are asked to use their own tools.Participants are also encouraged to take photos of their groups on planting days and email them to theBoston Parks and Recreation Department atparkpartners@boston.govwith BostonBloomswith Daffodils in the subject line. Photos will then be available for viewing at on our Facebook page, the Parks Department website, and submitted to local newspapers. For more information on how to participate inBostonBloomswith Daffodils, please call the Parks Department at617-961-3006.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Housing Authority (BHA) Administrator Bill McGonagle yesterday greeted former public housing resident Patricia Brown in her new home. With assistance from theWhittier Choice Neighborhood Initiative, along with the help from resident services teams fromEconomic Mobility Pathways (EMPath), Brown was recently able to achieve her dream of becoming a first-time home owner.""We're very proud of Ms. Brown's hard work and are thrilled to visit her in her new home,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Everyone deserves a place to call home and the opportunity to feel safe and secure. As Mayor, there is nothing more rewarding than days like today when we are able to help welcome a resident home and celebrate this milestone in their life.""Working with residents on achieving greater economic self-sufficiency is one of the strategies of the Whittier Choice Neighborhood Initiative. As part of the initiative, nine other residents have obtained new employment, two residents received associate degrees this past spring, one resident completed a dental assistant training, and another one completed a hospitality training.""Helping residents achieve goals and gain greater economic independence is what our 'People Strategy' of the Whittier Choice Neighborhood Initiative is all about,"" said BHA Administrator Bill McGonagle. ""Our residents want and deserve to improve their living situations and become more economically independent over time and we're happy to be able to provide tools for them to do so.""Through a Department of Neighborhood Development (DND) lottery, Ms. Brown was able to buy a home at Olmsted Green in Mattapan and is now receiving $7,200 as a relocation benefit from the Whittier Choice Neighborhood Initiative grant. EMPath, as well as the Boston Home Center, provided her with coaching support over the last year to turn her dream into a reality.Ms. Brown has been working full time as the front desk administrator at the Appellate Tax Board since 1999. She raised four children on her own, and is now raising her 9-year-old grandson, who will be moving into her new home.""It feels like I won the lottery. I always wanted to have my own house and thanks to the Whittier Choice Neighborhood Initiative, it's now a reality,"" said Patricia Brown. ""I'm looking forward to calling this place my own and sharing it with my family. Thanks to the prayers and support of family and friends, as well as to the City of Boston, Boston Home Center, Economic Mobility Pathways (EMPath), Boston Housing Authority, and to the Mayor.""The redevelopment of the Whittier Street public housing site is being made possible by a $30 million federal Choice Neighborhoods Initiative grant awarded to the BHA and DND. The funds will leverage an additional $260 million in private and public funds for commercial and residential development and public facilities in the Whittier neighborhood.Phase One, demolition at the site, began in February and is now complete. The building foundations are being prepared and the new buildings are expected to be ready for occupancy next fall. For more information on the redevelopment project at Whittier Street,please visit here."
About Boston Housing Authority (BHA)Boston Housing Authority (BHA) provides affordable housing to more than 58,000 residents in and around the City of Boston. Residents are assisted through a combination of public housing and federal and state voucher subsidy programs that provide a wide variety of housing opportunities. As the largest public housing authority in New England, the BHA houses close to 9 percent of the city's residents. Our mission is to provide stable, quality affordable housing for low and moderate income persons to deliver these services with integrity and mutual accountability and to create living environments which serve as catalysts for the transformation from dependency to economic self-sufficiency.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Kara Elliott-Ortega as Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. Elliott-Ortega most recently served as Interim Chief of Arts and Culture and, prior, worked as the Director of Planning and Policy in the Arts cabinet for three years, playing a leadership role in the development and implementation ofBoston Creates, the City's cultural plan.As leader of the the City's Arts and Culture cabinet, Elliott-Ortega will work to create a vehicle through which the city can increase diversity and inclusion in the arts, seek grants and sponsorship opportunities, and secure funding and support for Boston's arts community. In addition, she will continuing to lead the implementation of action items identified inBoston Creates.""The City of Boston has made significant strides toward accomplishing the goals outlined in Boston Creates and enhancing Boston's arts sector,"" said Elliott-Ortega. ""I have enjoyed witnessing Boston evolve into a municipal arts leader, and am very excited to continue to accomplish the City's vision for arts and culture.""As Chief, Elliott-Ortega will oversee the staff of the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, the Boston Art Commission, Boston Cultural Council and the Strand Theatre. It is the primary responsibility of the office to support and grow the arts in Boston across all artistic disciplines, from theater to dance, to the visual arts to public art.""I am eager to work more closely with Kara on expanding access to the arts and supporting the exemplary cultural community that is so vital to the quality of life and competitiveness of Boston,"" said Jill Medvedow, Executive Director of the Institute of Contemporary Art.""I have gotten to know Kara over the last couple of years and I consider her both a trusted colleague and a good friend,"" said Kathleen Bitetti, artist and curator. ""I look forward to supporting her as the new Chief of Arts and Culture. Not only will she continue the incredible work she has been doing ensure that the Boston Creates plan is fully implemented, but she will also dream up new ways to further the goal of making our city a great place for the arts and artists to thrive.""""In Kara Elliott-Ortega, Mayor Walsh has made a great choice for Boston's Arts + Culture Chief. She has both the vision and the on-the-ground experience to engage with the cultural community and navigate the pathways of City Hall,"" said Catherine Peterson, Executive Director of ArtsBoston. ""Kara understands that Boston's arts and cultural sector is an important contributor to the economy, a vital quality of life factor making Boston an attractive destination for businesses considering relocating here, and critical in making Boston a more equitable city by elevating voices and sharing stories that build a more unified community. She can advocate for our presence at the table when the arts community can provide value, and encourage her colleagues to help us access new resources, so we can be a part of the solution in driving the change we need.""""Kara is a great ally of Boston's Latin Quarter as she has provided guidance and support at every stage in the development of this cultural district,"" said Celina Miranda, Executive Director of the Hyde Square Task Force. ""Her keen awareness of the intersection of arts, culture and community make her uniquely qualified to be the Chief of Arts and Culture.""""I am truly excited and overjoyed that Kara Elliott-Ortega will serve as the Chief of Arts & Culture for the City of Boston,"" said Catherine T. Morris, Founder & Executive Director of Boston Art & Music Soul (BAMS) Fest. ""Her compassion and determination to ensure that voices are heard, and resources, people and spaces are available to all.. is truly a testament to hear character as well as complements the vibrancy, talent and common thread that connects our neighborhoods. I both support and hold Kara accountable because she is in this fight with us.""Since the office was first established by Mayor Walsh in 2014, it has fostered the growth and well-being of the cultural community and promoted participation in the arts. Recognizing the importance of creativity across all policy areas, the cabinet works to promote access to arts and culture to all residents, making Boston a municipal arts leader. Key areas of work include supporting the cultural sector through grants and programs, as well as the production and permitting of art in public places.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include implementing the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates commissioning public art, managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. Learn more on the Arts and Culture website.The cultural plan was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long term. Learn more about Boston Creates."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh is reminding residents to take precautions during the very hot and humid weather that is forecasted throughWednesday. To help residents stay cool, Mayor Walsh has declared that cooling centers will be open at allBoston Centers for Youth & Families(BCYF) community centers and residents can swim at the City's pools free of charge during their normal operating hourson TuesdayandWednesday. You can find afull list of centers online.The City of Boston's two outdoor pools,BCYF Clougherty Poolin Charlestown andBCYF Mirabella Poolin the North End and the City's ""Family Friendly Beach"" atBCYF Curley Community Centerin South Boston are open seven days a week through Labor Day. BCYF also operates 16 indoor pools. Please check with your local BCYF center for all hours of operation.The Mayor issued the following heat safety tips for all members of the public:Children should always wear shoes on playgrounds because surfaces can become extremely hot and cause burns, even splash pads and spray decks.No outdoor fires are allowed in Boston, including fire pits, chimineas and bonfires.Charcoal grills must be on the ground and away from buildings. Keep in mind the wind and never leave unattended. When done, dispose of the ash in a metal container once completely out.Propane tank grills are only allowed on first floor porches with steps to the ground. Do not place propane tank grills near air conditioners or up against a building. Make sure all connections are tight and never carry propane tanks into a home.Grills should always be used in a well-ventilated area.If you are in a grassy or wooded area, apply a DEET containing repellent that will protect against mosquitoes AND ticks. Always check yourself, children and pets for ticks after returning indoors and remove attached ticks immediately using tweezers. Mosquito bites can spread West Nile virus (WNV) and Eastern Equine Encephalitis (EEE), while attached ticks can spread Lyme disease.Wear long sleeve shirts, long pants and socks to prevent mosquito bites. Limit your time outdoors between dusk and dawn when mosquitoes are most active and apply an approved mosquito repellent.To prevent mosquitoes from breeding, residents should limit places around the home where standing water can collect. People should turn over unused flower pots, buckets, wheelbarrows, and garbage cans remove leaves and other debris that can clog gutters and trap water dispose of or cover old tires and cover swimming pools when not in use.Additional information on heat safety tips can be found online atboston.gov/heatand by following@CityofBostonon Twitter."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh together with the Boston Parks and Recreation Department and members of the community today celebrated the reopening of the renovated Ramsay Park in the South End, named after local veteran Captain David L. Ramsay who served as a pilot during the Vietnam War. The $2.4 million dollar renovation is part of the Mayor'sImagine Boston 2030 Capital Plan.""Ramsay Park has been transformed into a state-of-the-art destination, and it's great to be able to celebrate the reopening together with the community who offered much input that brought us to this day,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Tennis, soccer, basketball, skateboarding, and children's play areas are just some of the activities that this park offers, along with upgraded lighting and landscaping that make it a welcoming place for residents of all ages to visit.""The 5.49 acre park, located at1917 Washington Streeton the South End/Lower Roxbury line, includes the Jim Rice Baseball Field, Michael L. Bivins Basketball Courts, tennis courts, a playground, and passive space.The ceremony celebrates $2,395,500 in improvements including three new basketball courts, one new tennis court, and new playgrounds for kids 2-to-5 and 5-to-12.Additional features include 22 new trees, a multi-use splash pad and skateboard area, and new LED sports lighting to new and existing athletic facilities. Cosmetic improvements were also made, including the replacement of fencing along Shawmut Avenue with more welcoming concrete walls, and the resetting of five granite bollards commemorating Captain Ramsay.The renovation at Ramsay Park is part of thelargest-ever capital funding for Boston parks. This series of investments also include $6.3 million to complete the construction on Phase 1 of the Smith Playground in Allston-Brighton a $4.4 million investment in Cassidy Field $3.9 million to improve Noyes Park the completion of Martin's Park, a universally accessible park near the Children's Museum a $4.8 million investment to revitalize the pathways around Jamaica Pond a $5 million investment in the Garvey Playground and $6.2 million for the continued renovation of Harambee Park. In addition, a $4.2 million investment will be made in the South Bay Harbor Trail, which will serve as an important link in the City's Greenway and is part of the city's transportation plans.In addition, the capital budget invests in long-term planning for Boston's most iconic park -- the Boston Common. The capital plan sets aside $500,000 to develop a master plan to bring the nation's oldest public park to the level of excellence commensurate with its historical importance and use by the City's residents and visitors. The budget also invests $800,000 into Franklin Park, to develop a master plan that will enhance historic Franklin Park as a keystone park in the geographical heart of the City.Mayor Walsh's FY19 budget continues to invest in preserving and creating a strong middle class, and creating opportunities for all those who live in Boston. The FY19 budget supports Boston's long-term plan, Imagine Boston 2030.Imagine Boston 2030is Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years aimed at guiding growth to support Boston's dynamic economy and expand opportunity for all residents. The plan prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the City. Shaped by the input of 15,000 residents who contributed their thoughts to the plan, Imagine Boston 2030 identifies five action areas to guide Boston's growth, enhancement and preservation, and is paired with a set of metrics that will evaluate progress and successes. To learn more visit,imagine.boston.gov.For more information on the FY19 budget proposal, please visitbudget.boston.gov."
By the end of the week, 100 new cases a day were being reported among the sailors at the pier. By the beginning of September, the flu had spread to Bostons civilian population. The below excerpt from Bostons Health Department describes the beginning of the flu outbreak.The disease spread throughout the United States rapidly. According to the Center for Disease Control, during the fall of 1918 and spring of 1919, more than 675,000 Americans died from the Spanish Influenza. In Boston, officials closed schools and tried to limit crowded gatherings to combat the spread of the disease. Their efforts met with some success, but when World War I ended, crowds gathered to celebrate the armistice. Bostons Health Department reported that cases of flu increased immediately after the celebration of the armistice. A similar increase in flu cases and deaths occurred after Bostonians gathered to celebrate Christmas.Many of Bostons residents were treated for the flu at Boston City Hospital, pictured below.The hospitals trustees reported that they treated 2,300 patients afflicted with influenza675 of those patients died from the disease.The epidemic resulted in both an influx of patients and a shortage of staff at City Hospital. Prior to the flu epidemic, the hospital already faced a staff shortage because many of its doctors and nurses were serving with US military forces inEurope.Student nurses at the hospitals Training School stepped in to fill the gap.The below excerpt from the hospitals report on its Training School for Nurses reported that the Training School went through the most difficult period in its history, practically swept clean of its supervisors and teachers. To the student body we owe much.Bostonians throughout the City followed suit. Bostons School Superintendent wrote that when the City shut down its schools, many teachers voluntarily helped their ill neighbors, even though they were not trained doctors or nurses.By the end of 1918, more than 4,000 Bostonians had died from the flu, compared to 51 deaths the year prior. The below tablefrom Bostons Health Department compares the 1918 deaths to influenza deaths from previous years.For more information about the Spanish Influenza Epidemic of 1918, take a look at the Center for Disease Control's website about the pandemic.
"Tacticalplazaat Franklin Street, Downtown Boston (Photo courtesy of MP Boston)City officials today joined community members and partners to celebrate the opening of Tontine Crescentplaza, a new streetscape intervention on Franklin Street in Downtown Boston that includes a large pedestrianplazawith plantings and seating a protected bicycle lane and a motor vehicle lane that responds to the character and needs of the street.The newtacticalplaza reimagines an 18th century Charles Bulfinch designed urban park that had been converted over time to roadway space to accommodate automobiles.This initiative is one of several the City is undertaking to improve the public realm in different neighborhoods throughout the city.""I am excited to activate this space in downtown Boston and show the possibilities for redesigning streetscapes for the benefit of all modes of travel,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Reclaiming the Tontine Crescentplazaand turning it into an area where people can travel safely, and enjoy the city surrounding them is what we strive to accomplish in our Go Boston 2030 mobility plan, and I am thrilled that it is now available for everyone to use.""In partnership with the community, the Boston Transportation Department (BTD) redesigned the underutilized roadway between Arch and Hawley Streets to better serve all users of Franklin Street. The project highlights how to reclaim surplus roadway space for more people-friendly purposes. Improving the public realm was identified as a top priority of Boston residents and others who participated in the public engagement process forGo Boston 2030, the City's transportation plan.""Our streets and sidewalks are not just our paths to and from school or work, they are also our front stoops and our neighborhood gathering spaces,"" said Chief of Streets Chris Osgood. ""These projects highlight how our streets can celebrate our neighborhoods and bring our City together, and the projects we are celebrating today are just the beginning.""""The implementation oftacticalpublic realm improvements is well underway in Boston,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. ""In addition to the Tontine Crescent project, street murals have been painted in Allston, a parklet has been created on Newbury Street, and designs are underway for the installation of atacticalplazain Chinatown, as well as for murals and a parklet in Egleston Square on the Roxbury/Jamaica Plain line. We look forward to working with residents and others to bring additional public realm improvements to neighborhoods throughout the City.""The Downtown Boston Business Improvement District (BID) worked with the BTD on the implementation of the Tontine Crescentplaza, assisting with community outreach and maintenance. After a year of outreach, the designers used easy-to-install measures such as flex posts and paint to reshape the space. Theplazawill be in its temporary form for a few years to evaluate its use and impacts. Millenium Partners Boston funded its design and installation. ""The Tontine Crescentplazais a creative, practical and innovative addition to Downtown Boston's public realm,"" said BID President & CEO Rosemarie Sansone. ""This new public space reflects a collaborative effort through a yearlong planning process that engaged property owners, area businesses, and was facilitated by MP Boston, the Boston Transportation Department and the Downtown Boston BID. The feedback has been extremely positive, and we look forward to overseeing the daily operation of this vibrant community amenity.""""As a physical therapist on Franklin Street for 29 years, I have always promoted the wonderful benefits of exercise,"" said Jake Kennedy of Kennedy Brothers Physical Therapy. ""Now, to see this historic street open itself up to bikers and walkers makes me so happy. Every time we make a section of the city healthier, Boston wins.""Other projects to improve the City's public realm include:A new pop-up park for Chinatown at Phillips SquareThe Phillips Squaretacticalplazais a reclaiming of an overly-wide street in Chinatown, that will create a new iconic entrance to the neighborhood when it is installed later this year. The design converts a section of Harrison Avenue between Essex and Beach Streets into a temporaryplazausing paint, plants, and benches adjacent to parking and lanes for bicycles and cars. It is supported by partnerships with Chinatown Main Streets and Cresset Harrison LLC. New community spaces for Roxbury-Jamaica Plain, Allston, East Boston, and the Back BayTwo parking spaces have been converted into outdoor ""parklet"" seating on Newbury Street in tandem with its Open Streets events, and a similar parklet is being designed for Egleston Square near the Washington Street - Boylston Street intersection in partnership with the Egleston Square Main Street local-merchant group. East Boston will see an outdoor cafe at the triangleplazaalong Meridian Street at London Street sponsored by the Meridian Food Market, andSammy Carlo's Delicatessen will maintain the public outdoor cafe at Bennington and Moore Streets. Building on the success of newly installed street murals in Allston and Roslindale Square, a new mural designed in collaboration with residents will be installed in Egleston Square as well.A Better City'sWicked Streetsplacemaking program supports the parklet in Egleston Square and outdoor cafes in East Boston. Street mural on Franklin Street in Allston (Photo courtesy of Galen Mook)Go Boston 2030 is the City of Boston's long term mobility plan. It envisions a city in a region where all residents have better and more equitable travel choices, where efficient transportation networks foster economic opportunity, and where steps have been taken to prepare for climate change. Whether raveling by transit, on foot, on a bike or by car, people will be able to access all parts of Boston safely and reliably. A list of projects and policies have been developed that are being implemented as early action projects in the near term, and a set of long term projects and policies are intended to be implemented over the next 15 years."
Massachusetts Primary Election Day is coming up on Tuesday, September 4and we need people with disabilities to get out the vote!Voter access is a top priority of my office. I work closely with the ElectionDepartment to ensure that all Boston residents have an equitable experience when they go to the polls. We have made great improvements in ADA compliance at polling locations in Boston over the last few years.Communication access for voting has also been improved. Today, every polling site has an AutoMark machine to accommodate voters who are blind, visually impaired, or have a disability that affects their ability to mark a ballot.And now, all polling places have Accessibility Ambassadors who are trained in disability etiquette, accessibility at the site, and assisting people with disabilities in using the AutoMark machine. I participated in the training for the Ambassadors, organized by the Elections Commission.Any resident whose disability prevents them from voting in person on Election Day can submit an absentee ballot. Visit the City of Boston Election Department webpage to fill out an application. The deadline for submission is Friday, August 31, no later than 5 p.m.Theres a lot at stake in this election. Voting gives each of us the opportunity to choose representatives who value issues of importance to the disability community.Remember every vote matters and each vote counts!
"MayorMartin J.Walshand theBoston PublicSchools(BPS) celebrated theopeningof theDearbornSTEM6-12Early CollegeAcademy, the first school inBostonintentionally designed and built forSTEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math) learning.This state-of-the-art,128,000-square-foot facility, located just outside ofDudley Square in Roxbury, features flexible indoor and outdoor learning spaces two fabrication labs (also known as ""fab labs"") numerous modern technology, including 3D printers and laser die cutters a gymnasium a dance studio a media center an abundance of natural light with views of the downtownBostonskyline from several classrooms sophisticated green energy systems and much more.The building was designed by the firm Jonathan Levi Architects ofBostonand built by Gilbane, Inc. in partnership with Janey Construction Management. The design and construction of the project was managed by the City ofBostonPublicFacilities Department in collaboration withDaedalusProject Managers.""I am thrilled to open theDearbornSTEMAcademyand continue the trend of new beginnings in the City ofBoston,"" saidMayorWalsh. ""Students, teachers, and families are excited for all the possibilities the new year brings. And we, as a City, are making historic investments in our youth and our communities. I can't wait to see this school grow, and know thatDearbornstudents are going to do remarkable things in their new home.""TheDearbornSTEMAcademywas built to serve 600 BPS students by 2020. Currently, 488 students are enrolled as the school begins to expand.""This magnificent school - and the powerful educational work that will happen within it - truly demonstrates to our students that theBostonPublicSchoolscares about them, and that we believe they have what it takes to succeed in the innovation economy,"" said BPS Interim Superintendent Laura Perille. ""Today's celebration represents years of thoughtful collaboration with local and state government, and many community organizations and partners. I could not be more excited.""Currently operated byBostonPlan for Excellence (BPE), a nonprofit educational organization focused onschoolsin theDudley Squareneighborhood, theDearborn STEMAcademyis designed to bridge rigorous academics and career readiness, while leveragingBoston's unique wealth of higher education and industry opportunities.""Theopeningof the newDearbornSTEMAcademyshows our students that the possibilities are endless,"" said Jesse Solomon, executive director of BPE. ""InBoston, we live in one of the most thrivingSTEMeconomies in the country, and our students can literally see it from their classroom windows. This new building and our school's programs and design can help our students accessBoston's many professional opportunities.""Francilliana Barbosa of Dorchester, an eleventh-grade student this year, spoke during the ceremony about the many opportunities she was provided as a student atDearbornSTEM, including her experience building her own toiletry organizer business through the BUILD entrepreneurship program, and an internship at Massachusetts General Hospital.""TheDearbornhas provided many students, including myself, with opportunities that are productive, educational, and interactive,"" Barbosa said. ""I have grown so much because of my experiences atDearborn. I am so grateful that we have this new building, which will help challenge us, and further ourSTEMeducation and 21st century skills.""The design of the new school is based upon the project-based learning curriculum. The academic spaces are organized by cohort, which includes educational classrooms, science laboratories, special education instructional space, and shared amenities.""Students, staff and community members will be in awe as they walk into this building,"" saidBostonSchool Committee Chairperson Michael Loconto. ""This vibrant school is a space that will motivate and engage our students to contribute to the positive development of their communities and beyond.""Joshua Fidalgo, a Roxbury native who works as dean of students at theDearborn, said the new building represents promise for his students.""This is not just a building, but an opportunity - an opportunity for students in a neighborhood that is all too often overlooked,"" Fidalgo said. ""These students work just as hard as anyone else, and have dreams just as big. This new, state-of-the-artSTEMbuilding shows them that they can do anything.""The $73 million facility was the first new school construction project in theBoston PublicSchoolsin 15 years, and is seen as a model for future projects through the BuildBPS educational and facilities master plan.About $37 million of the total cost was reimbursed by the Massachusetts School Building Authority (MSBA).Since 2014,MayorWalshand BPS have secured more than $110 million in MSBA funds to support new school buildings and facility renovations, which includes $30 million from the MSBA Accelerated Repair Program to fund for new boilers, windows, and roofs in school buildings across the City.The MSBA is the authority set up by the Commonwealth to help financepublicschool capital projects. However, despiteBostonbeing the leading source of the sales taxes that fund the MSBA, and having the state's largest school district,Bostonnever drew in a significant way on MSBA funding before theDearbornSTEMAcademyproject began.The school is the result of an ongoingpublic-private partnership, with continued support from the GreaterBostonInterfaith Organization, Roxbury Presbyterian Church, Dudley Street Neighborhood Initiative, and a number of philanthropic and nonprofit partners.Located at36 Winthrop Streetin Roxbury, the newDearbornSTEMAcademyis at the same location of the HenryDearbornSchool, which was built in 1913 when it opened as the High School of Practical Arts. At the time, the school taught classes in cooking, laundry, sewing, nursing, and home economics for young women. The school was closed and re-opened in 1954 as Girls' High School. It operated as Roxbury High School from 1974-1981 and it was designated the HenryDearbornSchool in 1981. Since 2014,DearbornSTEMAcademyhas operated in a shared space with the Jeremiah E. Burke High School in Dorchester while the current building was under construction."
Build a map is a simple statement, but with online maps, there are no simple answers. Weve been thinking a lot about our maps recently, and there are many things to consider. Maps we create need to:Its a bit of a tall order, but were happy to announce were getting there!Before we even started our work, we collected a lot of feedback on how people are using our maps versus how they would like to be using our maps. Over the summer, two of our wonderful summer fellows, Jiaorui and Caroline, helped us test our ideas with residents. We asked dozens of people to use our maps on both mobile and desktop screen sizes. They gave us great feedback  one example included a suggestion to make lines semi-transparent when the map is zoomed in so people can read the names of streets.We have a lot of assumptions of what could work on all of our projects, not just maps. We cant stress the importance of user testing enough. This type of feedback was invaluable as we prototyped and worked on our new maps. User testing will continue to drive us as we create, develop, and build even more digital tools.One big change youll notice is that our maps are now fully embedded on Boston.gov as modal components. Basically, you click on a button and an interactive map opens that takes up your entire screen. With the lack of space on mobile devices, you have to move around to find the information youre interested in. Using modal maps means we can take advantage of all the screen space a user has. By using more space, we can help you find what youre looking for faster since youll have to do a lot less pinching and zooming.Modal maps also force you to opt-in to viewing a map by clicking a show map button. This helped us address a major issue with our old maps, which we created by adding iframes to the website. The flexibility of iframes made them a great option when we first launched Boston.gov, but a user could get stuck inside the map when scrolling down the page. You basically had to use the tiny gutters on the side of a map to go up or down. The gutters also took up a good amount of space on mobile screens, making the map smaller and harder to use.While the Digital Team helps build the public facing product, there always needs to be someone who owns the data related to a map. This usually involves the department responsible for the map and members of the Analytics Team at the City. This ownership of our maps has two main benefits:To get started, members of both the Digital Team and Analytics Team meet with a department interested in creating a map. We work with them to figure out what updating process works best for them. Do they use maps in their existing workflows? If so, we work with our GIS Team to make an ArcGIS Online application that allows them to edit the data in a map-centric interface. Are they more comfortable in spreadsheets? If thats the case, we help them set up a Google Sheet for their information that updates the map every night.When we create maps, we pull directly from these data sources that departments are editing. That means our maps update automatically on Boston.gov. Once a department gets set up, they can change the information on their maps without ever needing to involve us.Many of the changes weve made to our maps over the past few months were all based on feedback. So, if you see anything youd like changed or tweaked, please let us know at feedback@boston.gov. You can check out some of the maps we've worked on below:
The academy is a new building located on the site of the old Dearborn School. As you can see in the photo below, the old Dearborn Building housed a number of Boston Public Schools, including theHigh School of Practical Arts, a high school for girls that focused on practical studies.Students from the High School of Practical Arts buried a time capsule at the school in 1912 or 1913. During the demolition of the building in 2015, the time capsule was uncovered and its contents were transferred to the City Archives.The schools students filled the time capsule with newspapers, graduation programs, school textbooks, student work, and the schools Program of Studies.Some of our favorite records from the time capsule are these drawings done by students. The drawings below were done by Grace Reynolds and A. Meehan.Students not only drew dresses, but also learned to design and draw furniture, like the buffets below, drawn by student Sally Sinnott.These students were likely in one of the art classes described in the pamphlet below. This is a pamphlet about the schools courses that was also tucked away in the time capsule.More items from the time capsule will be on display at the Dearborn Stem Academy.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston will issue a Request for Qualifications (RFQ) on August 27 for submissions from consulting firms to assist the Citys development, implementation, and administration, of a municipal electricity aggregation program. Submissions to the RFQ are due on October 10, 2018.This is a big step toward rolling out Community Choice Aggregation because it will provide the expertise we need to get it done, said Mayor Walsh. We still need to make smart decisions on how to shape a program thats best for Boston residents and can deliver on our commitment to clean energy.Community Choice Aggregation enables cities and towns to aggregate the buying power of individual electricity customers in their communities. Under a municipal aggregation program, cities and towns can automatically enroll residents who receive default electricity service from their utilities into a single, bulk buying group and may require a greater percentage of renewable energy content than the mandatory percentage set by the Massachusetts Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS). Community Choice Aggregation is an important contribution to reducing Boston's carbon emissions,"" said Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space Chris Cook. ""We're excited to move ahead with the process and develop a program that can benefit the environment and most importantly our residents.""The City is required to follow the steps toward a municipal aggregation as laid out by the Massachusetts Department of Energy Resources (DOER), working in consultation with DOER and the selected consultant to prepare a plan and provide an opportunity for citizen review. In addition, the City will convene a community advisory committee which will inform the proposed plan and guide implementation. Once the program is approved by the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities, the City will be able to begin implementation of the program.Earlier this year, the Citys Environment Department issued a Request for Information (RFI) on how to develop and manage a municipal electricity aggregation program. The information obtained will continue to inform the development of the program. Mayor Walsh invested in the implementation of Community Choice Aggregation in the Citys Fiscal Year 2019 (FY19) budget.Boston is taking bold action on climate to become a carbon neutral, climate ready city as outlined in its updated Climate Action Plan. Bostons Climate Action Plan serves as Bostons roadmap for reaching its goals of reducing carbon emissions and preparing for the impacts of climate change. The goals are supported by Imagine Boston 2030, the first citywide plan in 50 years, that helps to ensure that climate plays a role in aspects of city planning.The citys current climate initiatives are laying the groundwork to advance its climate goals and to accelerate progress. Carbon Free Boston is analyzing the options and pathways to achieve deep decarbonization. The initiative is weighing the costs and benefits of technologies and policies across key action areas including electric power, buildings, transportation, and waste. As part of this effort, Zero Waste Boston is exploring pathways to turn Boston into a zero waste city through planning, policy, and community engagement.Climate Ready Boston is strengthening Bostons climate change resilience with near- and long-term planning. It is actively advancing Bostons vision of a resilient city through a comprehensive citywide vulnerability study, a community outreach program, and neighborhood-level implementation projects, including the installation of a flood wall in one of Bostons most flood-prone neighborhood.Earlier this summer, Mayor Walsh hosted the International Mayors Climate Summit in Boston for mayors from across the country and around the world to discuss actions taken by cities to address climate change. At the Summit, Mayor Walsh announced a new multi-city initiative that could lead to the development of large-scale renewable energy projects. Through the new initiative, the City recently called on developers to share information about projects that would support the energy demand of 20 U.S. cities, totaling nearly 5.7 terawatt-hours."
Boston Public Library and its young readers celebrated summer at Fenway Park on Sunday when the Red Sox played the Tampa Bay Rays, with the conclusion of the 23nd annual Read Your Way to Fenway reading contest. Bostons Youth aged 5-17 were encouraged to read a minimum of three books for a chance to watch the Red Sox play. More than 503 youth participated in the program and 438 winners were chosen, as well as a few lucky on-field pregame participants. Read a few sample winning essays.Im proud of our readers and residents that are active and engaged in learning opportunities with our libraries this summer, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Spending a day cheering on the Red Sox is a special way to mark the end of summer and look forward to the school year ahead.Read Your Way to Fenway is a much-loved, fun initiative that fosters the reading and literacy skills of our young people over the summer months, and Boston Public Library is grateful to the Red Sox Foundation and Aramark for their support helping these readers celebrate their accomplishments with family, friends, and their first place team, said David Leonard, Boston Public Library President.Summer reading events continue through August for people of all ages, with children celebrating the theme Libraries Rock! and teens learning how to Cook with Miss Debbie and Breakdance with the Floor Lords. Adults may fill in a Bingo card, available at all BPL locations, or download and print the card with what you read, did, or discovered through Friday, September 7.Boston Public Library and its patrons have currently read 1.9 million minutes so far this summer, surpassing its citywide goal of inviting Bostonians of all ages to read a collective one million minutes from June through August.The BPL encourages readers to continue submitting minutes through August to see how far it can go.Read Your Way to Fenway is generously sponsored by the Red Sox Foundation and Aramark.Boston Public Library provides educational, cultural and civic enrichment, free to all, for the residents of Boston, Massachusetts and beyond, through its collections, services, programs, and spaces. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library is a pioneer of public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. As a City of Boston historic cultural institution, Boston Public Library today features a Central Library, twenty-five branches, a map center, business library, archival center extensive special collections of rare books, manuscripts, photographs, and prints and rich digital content and online services. The award-winning renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, completed in 2016, together with new, renovated and historic branches, provide a transformed library for the next generation of users. Boston Public Library enriches lives, hosting thousands of free educational programs and exhibitions, and provides free library services online and in-person to millions of people each year. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Tim Johnson todemolish the residential structure and garage located at 38 ArmandineStreet in Dorchester,MA 02124.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 30, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Joseph O. Jones with Harvard Real Estate Allston, Inc.to demolish the two-family structure located at 445-447 Western Avenue in Allston,MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 30, 2018.
My Office has officially concluded the Citys first-ever Accessibility Priority Survey. With over 700 responses collected, we have exceeded expectations! The 700+ responses that we gathered speak volumes about the level of civic engagement of the disability community in Boston.Accessibility that is provided on the local level forms the basis that allows many people with disabilities to navigate their community. My office will begin analyzing this data weve collected from the survey to create a framework that will support the disability community within Boston for years to come. I am eager to incorporate this information into the Citys policy development to ensure that Boston is truly accessible and inclusive for people of all abilities.I would like to thank everyone who took part in the survey - people with disabilities, family members of people with disabilities, advocates, and professionals who work in the disability field. I am also grateful to the many City of Boston visitors who took their time to share their opinions on accessibility with us. I truly value each of of your responses. And above all, I want to thank Mayor Walsh and the City Health and Human Services Chief Marty Martinez for their continuing commitment to increasing accessibility throughout Boston for people with disabilities.
The series of free workshops is just one of the many offerings of the 22nd annual ParkARTS program sponsored by Holly and David Bruce.The workshops welcome artists of all skill levels to create their own greenspace-inspired masterpieces with instruction and materials provided. This falls featured instructor is Juleen Jones. Ms. Jones has a BFA in Fine Art from Montserrat College of Art as well as a custom painting business called The Artist Touch where she transforms rooms with faux and specialty painting, murals, hand painted furniture, refinishing, and more. All classes are held from 12 noon to 2 p.m. weather permitting. Dates and locations for the workshops are as follows:Blackstone Square, South EndMcConnell Park, DorchesterKittredge Park, RoxburyMedal of Honor Park, South BostonOak Square, BrightonPublic Garden (Swan Boat Dock), Back BayFor further information on the workshops and other ParkARTS programs, please call 617-635-4505, visit the Parks Department website, or follow us on Facebook.
Special events taking place from Thursday, August 16, through Sunday, August 19, will impact traffic and parking on streets in the City of Boston. People coming into the City to enjoy the festivities are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike-share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Thursday, August 16  Sunday, August 19The Fishermans Feast in the North End requires multiple street closures and parking restrictions.The following streets in the North End are currently closed to traffic and will remain so 24 hours each day through 11:59pm on Sunday, August 19.Parking is restricted as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Wednesday to SundaySaturday, August 18The Wicked Good Festival on the Boston Common will require the following parking restrictions.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 8am through 8pmSunday, August 19The Dominican Parade and Festival in Jamaica Plain will require traffic and parking restrictions.The Dominican Parade will begin at Noon in Hyde Square and proceed along Centre Street, right to Columbus Avenue, right to Walnut Avenue, ending at Seaver Street.Parking will be restricted as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Transportation Commissioner, Gina N. Fiandaca today announced the first phase of the City of Bostons Bluebikes bike share expansion. To kick off the largest expansion of bike share in Boston to date, the Boston Transportation Department will install 19 stations in southern Dorchester, Mattapan, and Roslindale in the coming weeks. As the service area expands, the City expects to see additional bike trips throughout the system, especially in job centers and nearby neighborhoods. To address this increased demand, another 30 stations will be added over the next few months in Boston neighborhoods that are already served by Bluebikes, and 30+ additional stations will be installed next spring.Boston residents have grown to value Bluebikes as one of the public transportation options available to them, said Mayor Walsh. Im thrilled to be bringing our bike share system into additional Boston neighborhoods and I look forward to seeing more residents enjoying a Bluebikes ride this year. Id like to thank our partners Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts for supporting this expansion.Bostons partner municipalities, Brookline, Cambridge, and Somerville, have also begun adding new stations. When the expansion is complete, the Bluebikes system will have more than 300 stations and 3,000 bikes across the four municipalities. To celebrate this new phase of our public bike share system, new riders can get a free 30-minute trip via the Bluebikes app or at ride.bluebikes.com/firstridefree in July and August.With Go Boston 2030, we set ambitious goals to improve equity and access in transportation, said Commissioner Fiandaca. I thank everyone who helped us plan this expansion over the last year. With your help, we are much closer to our long-term goals for transportation in Boston.With sponsorship support from Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts, the publicly-owned Bluebikes system has seen significant improvements in recent months. Bikes have been upgraded to include seat posts that accommodate a wider range of heights, improved gearing systems, new baskets, different types of handlebars, and a better bell. The Bluebikes Angels program was launched in early summer, rewarding riders who take trips that help their fellow riders by distributing bikes from stations that have too many and to stations that need more. Valet service has been added at more locations so that people starting and ending trips at some of the systems most popular locations have a guaranteed bike or dock.Were pleased to support the expansion of Bluebikes to neighborhoods that have previously not had the opportunity to participate in bike sharing, said Andrew Dreyfus, president and CEO of Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts, title sponsor of Bluebikes. Were deeply committed to helping Massachusetts residents lead healthy lives, so we see bike sharing as a natural fit for Blue Cross.The Boston Transportation Department has been planning this expansion with residents and community organizations for the last year. In fall 2017, BTD hosted 28 public workshops and received hundreds of suggestions for bike share station locations. In early 2018, BTD asked the public for comments on 160 technically feasible locations. Feedback was solicited through online surveys and at 11 open houses. Signs were posted in many potential locations to alert the general public to the opportunity to comment on station locations. Comments were collected until June 1, and informed which stations will be installed this fall and next spring.An annual Bluebikes pass is just $99 per year, granting users unlimited 45-minute trips. Monthly, daily, and single trip passes are also available. People who participate in some assistance programs or meet income-eligibility requirements are able to purchase 30-day passes for $5 a month or annual passes for $50 a year. For more information on the income-eligible program for discounted Bluebikes membership, visit bluebikes.com/pricing/income-eligible-program.Bluebikes is public transportation by bike. Owned and jointly governed by the municipalities of Boston, Brookline, Cambridge, and Somerville, Bluebikes offers a fast, fun, and affordable transportation option. Today, users can ride any of the 1,800 bikes to and from the 195 stations across the region. By the end of 2019, the municipalities will provide 3,000 bikes and 300 stations for their residents, workers, and visitors. Since launching in 2011, more than 7 million trips have been taken on bike share, including more than 930,000 trips so far in 2018.
Bostonians love of reading is evident, and we are thrilled that so many patrons are sharing their favorite summer reads with us, said Michael Colford, Director of Library Services for Boston Public Library. We encourage readers to continue submitting minutes through August to see how far we can go!Boston Public Library continues to facilitate group read-ins at its 26 locations, welcomes authors to read from their books, and encourages independent reading all summer long. Any kind of reading counts -- novels on the beach, newspapers on the T, or reading even e-mail at work. Listening counts as well, whether its a child at a story time, or listening to a favorite audiobook or podcast. Details on how to submit minutes can be found via www.bpl.org/bostonreads. Follow Bostons progressin reaching one million minutes, invite friends and family to join, and tell us what youre reading on social media with #BostonReads2018.Summer reading events continue through August, as children explore the theme Libraries Rock! through programs from Mariana Iranzi Bilingual Concerts, New England Aquarium, Historic New England, Alex and the Kaleidoscope Concerts, Museum of Science, ReadBoston Storymobile, Countdown to Kindergarten, and more. Teens can learn how to Cook with Miss Debbie and Breakdance with the Floor Lords, just for example.In addition, adults may fill in a Bingo card, available at all BPL locations, or by downloading and printing the card with what you read, did, or discovered through Friday, September 7. Drop your completed card off by closing time on Friday, September 7 at any BPL location, or post a picture of the card to Instagram or Twitter using @bplboston or the hashtag #BostonReads.Libraries Rock! is sponsored by the Boston Public Library and the Citywide Friends of the Boston Public Library.Boston Public Library provides educational, cultural and civic enrichment, free to all, for the residents of Boston, Massachusetts and beyond, through its collections, services, programs, and spaces. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library is a pioneer of public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. As a City of Boston historic cultural institution, Boston Public Library today features a Central Library, twenty-five branches, a map center, business library, archival center extensive special collections of rare books, manuscripts, photographs, and prints and rich digital content and online services. The award-winning renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, completed in 2016, together with new, renovated and historic branches, provide a transformed library for the next generation of users. Boston Public Library enriches lives, hosting thousands of free educational programs and exhibitions, and provides free library services online and in-person to millions of people each year. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with the Boston Art Commission, today announced aCall to Artistsfor a piece of permanent public artwork to complement the construction of the new Engine 42 fire station in Roxbury.The City of Boston and the Boston Fire Department are undertaking the demolition and new construction of the Engine 42 station located at1870 Columbus Avenue, near Egleston Square. The Call to Artists is for the Percent for Art project the City of Boston is commissioning as part of the construction project. The Percent for Art program sets aside one percent of the City's annual capital borrowing budget for the commission of public art.""This is a monumental project for the City of Boston, and a great example of incorporating art into different sectors,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to seeing the oldest fire department in the nation be transformed and revitalized through public art.The $23.5 million building will be the first new fire station in Boston in over 30 years, and will include three apparatus bays, housing for two companies and a district chief, a training room, a fitness room, a day room and kitchen, an elevator, three fire poles, a workshop, and technical and operations areas required for 21st century firefighting.""The Boston Fire Department is excited about the construction of the new Engine 42, Rescue 2 and District 9 Firehouse in Roxbury,"" said Commissioner Joseph Finn of the Boston Fire Department. ""We look forward to collaborating with the Roxbury and Egleston Square communities to create an artistic focal point that will build on the rich history of the Boston Fire Department.""This public art project has a budget of $300,000 and is for a site-specific, impactful, focal design feature. The art is to be located on the exterior of the building or its grounds, and the design should enrich the connection between the Boston Fire Department and the rich and diverse surrounding Egleston and Roxbury communities.""I look forward to seeing this next chapter of the Percent for Art program unfold, and seeing the impact this process and artwork has on both the neighborhood and the men and women who serve the City from Engine 42,"" said Kara Elliott-Ortega, interim Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston.The Call to Artists is open to to all artists, artisans, architects, landscape architects, or teamswith experience in public art, site responsive design, project management, and constructionadministration. An Artist Selection Committee comprised of representatives from the Boston Art Commission and local arts professionals representing the neighborhood will review all applications and determine the final artist/team.The deadline to submit questions about the project tobac@boston.govisAugust 29, 2018, and applications are due bySeptember 18, 2018. The application can be foundhere.Other Percent for Art projects currently underway include public art for the Dudley Branch of the Boston Public Library, the Jamaica Plain Branch of the Boston Public Library, and the Vine Street BCYF Community Center in Roxbury.About the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include implementing the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates commissioning public art, managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information go to:www.boston.gov/departments/arts-and-cultureAbout the Boston Art CommissionThe Boston Art Commission (BAC), an independent board of arts leaders charged with the care and custody of all artworks on City of Boston property, advocates for the creation of innovative and transformative art and promotes its accessibility to enrich the lives of Boston's diverse citizens and visitors. The Art Commission advises, supports, and consults with artists and communities, City departments, and others. It commissions, approves, and conserves the City of Boston's collection of art and historical artifacts. For more information, go to:www.publicartboston.com"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with the Boston Art Commission, today announced aCall to Artistsfor a piece of permanent public artwork to complement the construction of the new Engine 42 fire station in Roxbury.The City of Boston and the Boston Fire Department are undertaking the demolition and new construction of the Engine 42 station located at1870 Columbus Avenue, near Egleston Square. The Call to Artists is for the Percent for Art project the City of Boston is commissioning as part of the construction project. The Percent for Art program sets aside one percent of the City's annual capital borrowing budget for the commission of public art.""This is a monumental project for the City of Boston, and a great example of incorporating art into different sectors,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to seeing the oldest fire department in the nation be transformed and revitalized through public art.""The $23.5 million building will be the first new fire station in Boston in over 30 years, and will include three apparatus bays, housing for two companies and a district chief, a training room, a fitness room, a day room and kitchen, an elevator, three fire poles, a workshop, and technical and operations areas required for 21st century firefighting.""The Boston Fire Department is excited about the construction of the new Engine 42, Rescue 2 and District 9 Firehouse in Roxbury,"" said Commissioner Joseph Finn of the Boston Fire Department. ""We look forward to collaborating with the Roxbury and Egleston Square communities to create an artistic focal point that will build on the rich history of the Boston Fire Department.""This public art project has a budget of $300,000 and is for a site-specific, impactful, focal design feature. The art is to be located on the exterior of the building or its grounds, and the design should enrich the connection between the Boston Fire Department and the rich and diverse surrounding Egleston and Roxbury communities.""I look forward to seeing this next chapter of the Percent for Art program unfold, and seeing the impact this process and artwork has on both the neighborhood and the men and women who serve the City from Engine 42,"" said Kara Elliott-Ortega, interim Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston.The Call to Artists is open to to all artists, artisans, architects, landscape architects, or teamswith experience in public art, site responsive design, project management, and constructionadministration. An Artist Selection Committee comprised of representatives from the Boston Art Commission and local arts professionals representing the neighborhood will review all applications and determine the final artist/team.The deadline to submit questions about the project tobac@boston.govisAugust 29, 2018, and applications are due bySeptember 26, 2018. The application can be found online.Other Percent for Art projects currently underway include public art for the Dudley Branch of the Boston Public Library, the Jamaica Plain Branch of the Boston Public Library, and the Vine Street BCYF Community Center in Roxbury."
Special events taking place Thursday, August 9, through Sunday, August 12, will impact traffic and parking on streets in the City of Boston. People coming into the City to enjoy the festivities are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike-share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Thursday, August 9  Saturday, August 11Concerts taking place at Fenway Park will require the following parking restrictions.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Thursday to SaturdayTow Zone No Parking Reserved for HP-DV Parking ONLY Thursday to SaturdaySunday, August 12The following temporary traffic and parking restrictions will be in effect to support Open Newbury Street in the Back Bay.The streets below will be closed to traffic from 10:00AM to 6:30PMNo Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday (Enforcement will begin at 5 AM)The following temporary traffic and parking restrictions will be in effect to support the August Moon Festival that will take place in Chinatown.The streets below will be closed to traffic from 7AM to 6 PMNo Stopping Boston Police Special Event SundayThe St. Laurence Procession of St. Patricks Church will take place in Roxbury. An estimated 1,000 participants will depart from 400 Dudley Street at 12:30 PM, turn left onto Magazine Street, right onto George Street, right onto Shirley Street, right onto Dudley Street, and return to the church. The procession is expected to end by 2:30 PM. Drivers should expect delays in the area as participants march along the route.
"On Thursday, August 9, Mayor Martin J. Walsh, together with the City's Education Cabinet, the Timothy Smith Network (TSN), and the Boston Public Library, announcedthe launch of the Boston Design Academy (BDA), a city-sponsored pilot designed to prepare Boston youth for careers in Boston's growing design economy. The programs began earlier this summer and will publicly launch at the Boston Public Library on Thursday, August 9.""I'm excited to announce an initiative that will provide our future leaders, innovators, and engineers with the tools to explore and create through STEAM learning,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our students are familiarizing themselves with the most advanced technology available, and with the help of many of our committed partners, students will be prepared to enter the workforce with the experience and skills needed to succeed.""Developed in collaboration with TSN as a lead partner, its affiliate Mbadika, and with the engagement of area industry leaders such as Microsoft, MassRobotics and Autodesk, Inc., the Boston Design Academy is an immersive six-week summer program for 25 students from TechBoston Academy. Over the course of the six weeks, BDA students will focus on product design and development while exploring STEAM-science, technology, engineering, art and mathematics-subject matter. Design experts from a variety of professions work with students and provide feedback on their designs.""For the last several years, the City, BPS and schools around the city have worked to redesign the high school learning experience in ways that make it more rigorous, take learning into community settings and allow students to learn about the things most aligned with their passions,"" said Boston's Chief of Education, Rahn Dorsey. ""The Boston Design Academy pilot is an example of the types of programming that we would like to see featured in future high school curricula and that we believe will increase post-secondary and career readiness among Boston students.""""The Boston Design Academy is offering education and training in the design field that is not readily available or accessible to youth,"" said Milton Irving, Executive Director of Timothy Smith Network. ""By working with experienced professionals and tools of the trade, we are preparing them to enter the future of work.""On a typical day, students are presented with a design challenge and asked to use product design methods and tools to solve the challenge. Each BDA student is assigned a Microsoft Surface Pro laptop with the latest professional design software, including Autodesk Fusion 360 and SketchBook, among others. At each step of the way, students integrate STEAM concepts and principles, and have the opportunity to visit local tech hotspots, including Microsoft's newly opened Garage, in order to complete their real-world design projects.BDA is hosted at the Teen Central and historical archive spaces of the Boston Public Library's Central Library in Copley Square. BPL's modern Teen Central offers a media lounge, digital makerspace, diner-style seating, space for quiet study, and a large, diverse collections of books and more, and is a unique space for young people to learn in. Its central location also allows students daily opportunities learning from professionals who work in the area.""Boston Public Library is thrilled to host the Boston Design Academy program in Teen Central this summer this challenging and fun curriculum will equip youth with highly desired skills that may lead to further study and exciting career possibilities in the technology and design fields,"" said David Leonard, Boston Public Library President. ""It is great to see this new project emerge from our longstanding relationship with the Timothy Smith Network. We hope this is the first of many new partnership opportunities with BDA and the City of Boston's Education Department's 'City as a Classroom initiative.'""""Boston Design Academy equips students to apply academic learning to solve authentic challenges. Our next step as a school is to build on this experience to deepen classroom learning and connections to STEM careers,"" said TechBoston Academy Headmaster Keith Love. ""We want to thank the Education Cabinet and BDA partners.""Another key City as a Classroom endeavor is the Autodesk Teacher Design Fellow initiatives. The program, which is now in its second year, has sponsored 30 three-week educator externships for teachers. The 2018 cohort, consisting of teachers from Brighton High and Excel High, will be presenting at the Boston Design Academy along with BDA students at the Central LibraryMcKim building lower level A conference room on August 9 at 11:00 a.m."
Now in its 22ndyear, the contest recognizes gardeners who have landscaped, planted flowers, trees, and shrubs, and, in the process, helped beautify Bostons neighborhoods.First place winners will receive the coveted Golden Trowel award from Mayor Walsh and prize packages from the Parks Department, Mahoneys Garden Centers, and other sponsors at an awards ceremony in the Public Garden presented with support from Polar Beverages. First place winners will also be entered into a drawing for a JetBlue Grand Prize consisting of roundtrip flights for two to any nonstop destination from Boston. Terms, conditions, and blackout dates apply.A team of distinguished judges viewed the finalists gardens over a two-day period. Judges included members of the Garden Contest Hall of Fame, Boston Parks and Recreation Department staff, and local open space advocates.This years winners are:First Place: Pine Street Inn-Upton Street, South EndSecond Place: Thorntons Fenway Grille, FenwayThird Place: South Boston Neighborhood Development Corporation, South BostonFirst Place: Billy and Eric Bain, FenwaySecond Place: Carmen Musto, FenwayThird Place: Marguerite Sharkey and Alison Moppett, FenwayFirst Place: Melissa Brooks, East BostonSecond Place: Kristen Mobilia, FenwayThird Place: Benedetta Cerro, Hyde ParkFirst Place: Ric Cirace, Back BaySecond Place: Michele Topor, North EndThird Place: Kathryn Cantrell and Danny Coleman, South EndFirst Place: Judy Ulman, West RoxburySecond Place: John Govoni and Dorothy Giarla, RoslindaleThird Place: Rick Keuthe, DorchesterFirst Place: Errol and Jan Uys, DorchesterSecond Place: Miguel Rosales, Beacon HillThird Place: Courtenay Loiselle, East BostonFirst Place: Shukradev Ishaya, RoxburySecond Place: Jennifer Park, RoslindaleThird Place: Tony Lyons, East BostonFirst Place: Megan Fox, Jamaica PlainSecond Place: Amanda Blicharz, CharlestownThird Place: Julie Murphy, West RoxburyFirst Place: Daryl Johnson and Rick Smith, DorchesterSecond Place: Jim Anderson, DorchesterThird Place: Amy Galblum, RoslindaleGardeners who have won three or more times are automatically entered into the Hall of Fame and will be recognized at the awards ceremony. These distinguished Hall-of-Famers will be ineligible to enter as contestants but are welcome to return as judges. The 2018 Hall of Fame Inductees are Aspasia Bakolas, Diane Spears, Ngaio Schiff, Tom Keller, Nasim Parveen, andArt Gill.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from William Parlonto demolish the two-family dwelling located at 38R Minot Street (rear building on Minot Street between Ann Street and Dunns Terrace) in Dorchester, MA 02122.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 19, 2018.
From August 31 to September 2, some common moving locations are blocked off to allow for moving truck dropoffs. We have more information on those locations below.
This issue was recently brought up by Councilor Pressley, who offered a resolution to the state government that the Act be passed.With the Governors approval, this Act has repealed several harmful restrictions on abortions that have not been paid any attention for several decades. This comes at a time when people are growing more and more concerned that Brett Kavanaughs potential nomination to the Supreme Court could lead to the repeal of Roe v. Wade and subsequently a massive change in abortion laws in the United States. The repeal of these archaic laws sets a tone for Massachusetts that safeguarding those rights is a priority.
Hi, my name is Herman!I am a 4-month-old neutered male West Highland Terrier mix. I have a big personality for such a little guy. I am super cute and playful and I like to run around and bark when I want attention.I could really benefit from puppy classes and would do best in a home with older children. If you think that you have the perfect home, come visit meat theshelter in Roslindale.
Last month, Mayor Walsh joined us on City Hall Plaza to commemorate the 28th anniversary of the passage of the American with Disabilities Act (ADA). This year was Bostons seventh annual celebration of this landmark legislation.Approximately 300 children, families, advocates, and individuals of all abilities attended our event. It was great to have both the City Health and Human Services Chief Marty Martinez along with the Mayor join us. Their presence demonstrates Mayor Walshs commitment to One Boston, which emphasizes accessibility and inclusion.ADA Day provides a good opportunity to reflect on the progress that the City of Boston has made to provide full and equal access for people with disabilities in everything the City has to offer, along with the work that remains to be done.Mayor Walsh has made a commitment to ensuring that our municipal buildings are accessible. In Honor of City Halls 50th anniversary this year, he has announced a $60 million comprehensive renovation plan with accessibility improvement a top priority. The plan includes infrastructure improvements to City Hall and the North side of City Hall Plaza, including opening the North entrance to City Hall, which has been closed to the public for 17 years. These improvements will reopen this vital access point to the public, transactional places in City Hall, as well as improve overall accessibility to City Hall Plaza.Inside City Hall, the bathrooms on the 5th floor were renovated to be fully ADA compliant - the first ones ever in City Hall. Also, the City Council Chamber is now fully ADA compliant. People with disabilities can now testify from the same location as the general public. We know there is a lot more that needs to be done to improve access - but rest assured that we are working on it every day!
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Vincent Norton with UrbanMeritage, LLCto demolish four contiguous buildings, including a commercial structure at 384-390 a rowhouse at 392 a rowhouse at 396-398 and a commercial structure at 402 Boylston Street inBoston, MA 02116.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 17, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Michael Dorion with SchoolLofts LLC to demolish the multi-family dwelling and detached out building located at 116 School Street in Jamaica Plain,MA 02130.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 16, 2018.
"La Red de Mujeres Afrolatinoamericanas, Afrocaribenas y de la Diaspora (The Network of Afro-Latin American, Afro-Caribbean and Diaspora Women) was founded in 1992, in order to create a space for women from Latin America and the Caribbean to empower women of African descent and develop the Afro-woman. The Network seeks to preserve a place without racism, racial discrimination, sexism and/or exclusion. It is active in 30 other countries around the world and has more than 450 members.Today we want to lift up Black Afro-Latina women who are doing so much in our community,""said Councilor Janey. ""I think its really important to lift up these women, not just for their contributions, but because they oftentimes face unique challenges.Women, and particularly women of color, have historically lacked sufficient recognition for their work, accomplishments and contributions. On July 25, 2018, the City Council established as International Afro-Latin American and Afro-Caribbean and Diaspora Womens Day for women of African descent to claim their existence, struggles, contributions and aspirations."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Sean George with Haycon Inc. to demolish the auto repair structure located at 233 Hancock Street,MA 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 16, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from William S. O'Neilto demolish the garage located at 9 O'Connell Road in Dorchester,MA 02124.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 16, 2018.
"The professionalism and skill of first responders allowed the South Boston Fire Companies to navigate down a tight street lined with vehicles and pedestrians. These firefighters encountered intense heat and a large volume of fire at the scene. They ran inside and rescued a woman trapped on the porch of the third floor, while fire alarm operator Lisa Gregorio stayed on the phone with her and kept her calm the entire time. One firefighter removed his air mask and gave it to the woman to wear as he carried her down two flights of stairs and out of the burning building.Five people were injured, including three firefighters who risked their lives to save those trapped inside and contain the blaze.Bostons Emergency Medical Services (EMS) were able to quickly treat residents suffering from smoke inhalation. They rushed both the residents and firefighters to the hospital.The Boston Police were on the scene in record time as well. They secured streets, controlled the gathering crowds, and provided assistance for both Boston Fire and EMS.During a Council meeting held on August 1, 2018, Councilor Flynn recognized our Citys first responders for their bravery, hard work and commitment to the selfless action they take every day.With little fanfare, our first responders work hard every day to keep the residents of Boston safe,"" he said. ""They place themselves in danger to protect our City and save lives. On what could have been a tragic night for our City, they showcased the bravery, skill and professionalism that our first responders provide to the residents of Boston. We are thankful to have them looking out for us and protecting us in times of need."
In 1815, Boston businessman Abiel Smith died and left $4,000 for the education of African American children in Boston. At the time, the Citys African American population educated their children in the African School, which met in the African Meeting House in Beacon Hill.Although black Bostonians paid City taxes, their children were not allowed to attend City schools. After decades of petitions by black Bostonians, Boston's School Committee agreed to recognize the African School. In 1812, they began to contribute funds to the schools operation. Abiel Smiths 1815 gift allowed black Bostonians to move their school out of the African Meeting House and into its own building on Beknap Street (now Joy Street).Despite these advances, the funding for the African School was much less than the funding for the City schools attended by white children. The1838 letter below is an example of Bostons black parents continuing to fight for equitable education for their children.The letter writers argued for money to build an addition to the crowded Smith Schoolhouse. They noted that they had agreed to send their children to a segregated school, even though they felt that the law gave us equal rights with other citizens to send our children to any school. Though they had accepted segregated schools, they were not satisfied with the conditions at the school.The letter writers also pointed out that the City had received an income from the Smith Fund for almost two decades. Since Abiel Smith gave the money to the City for the benefit of people of color, the writers argued that the City should pay for the addition without argument.About a decade after this letter, in 1849, many black parents in Boston protested Bostons segregated schools by withdrawingtheir children from the Smith School. Six years after their protest, in 1855, Massachusetts outlawed school segregation. Though government-enforced school segregation became illegal in 1855, black families continued to fight against de facto segregationThe Abiel Smith School is a National Historic Site. You can read more about the school and its history at the National Park Services website.
"This Act, initially enacted in 1994 and reauthorized every five years, seeks to provide aid to the victims of domestic abuse, and to law enforcement efforts to prevent these horrible crimes. As this Act is up for renewal once again this year, the resolution urges Congress to reauthorize VAWA, along with its newly proposed additions, before the upcoming recess.In her opening statement on the matter, Councilor Pressley brought up the issue that domestic abuse can tend to take a backseat to other issues, such as sexual harassment, even in the midst of movements such as Me Too and Times Up, advising, Its incumbent upon us, that in this moment of elevated consciousness about these issues, that we are integrating domestic violence into this dialog and into our policymaking. This is not a crime that discriminates.Councilor Edwards also spoke on the matter, highlighting the impact that this Act can have on immigrants specifically, and how the Act gives them a mechanism to come forward by protecting the victims of crimes and allowing them to report abuse - even if they are undocumented - without fear of repercussions.This is about economic justice as well,"" Edwards said. ""This is about a national conversation, which I dont think had happened until 1994 when VAWA had passed, where the nation recognized that violence against women impacted us economically and impacted us in such a huge way."
"For the past several weeks, the two sides have been unable to come to an agreement in regards to healthcare, pensions and fair wages. The lockout is becoming a public safety issue as experienced professionals are unable to perform their duties.These are men and women who are working for a company who has seen their profits grow exponentially, yet they are not supporting the men and women - the highly skilled men and women - who perform vital public safety [functions],""Councilor OMalley said.Councilor OMalley also drew attention to the fact that having inexperienced out-of-state workers filling in for those being locked out is a danger to the City, citing, for example, a 6 inch gas line that was ruptured by new workers last Friday, an incident that might not have occurred with experienced workers. This is a public safety issue, OMalley commented, This is beyond contemptible how National Grid has treated their men and women. And this isnt a strike, make no mistake, this is a lockout.Councillor Flynn thanked the workers for the work they do for both the City and the State, saying, Our City and this body has always stood for working men and women, and for social and economic justice. Working men and women of this city deserve to be treated with dignity and respect. He also brought up the recent Supreme Court ruling on the case of Janus v AFSCME, which ruled that non-union members cannot be compelled to pay agency fees, as they violate First Amendment rights by compelling them to support speech with which they may not agree. Councilor Flynn stated that this major turning point for workers throughout the country shows that now, more than ever, we need to support the labor movement and stand with our working families.The resolution was adopted unanimously by the Council."
The Boston Transportation Department will be implementing traffic circulation modifications to streets in the vicinity of North Station effective Saturday, August 4. The new street patterns are expected to improve safety and access for people using all modes of travel in the Bulfinch Triangle.The following traffic changes are in accordance with the North Station Area Mobility Action Plan, and are being made in partnership with the community and the Boston Planning and Development Agency.
Children and families from throughout Boston have the opportunity to participate in a variety of free activities from various exhibitors including L.L.Bean, Cambridge Science on the Street, a show by Rosalitas Puppets, ParkARTS arts and crafts, the Bubble Guy, Mass Hort, New England Aquarium, Zoo New England, and more. The August 21 event will also include book giveaways from the ReadBoston Storymobile, exploring a Boston Fire Department fire truck, identification kits from the Suffolk County Sheriffs Department, a visit from the Boston Park Rangers Mounted Unit, face painting, crafts with PJ Library in Greater Boston, dance performances from the BCYF Jackson-Mann Community Center, and free treats and giveaways from HP Hood LLC, KIND Snacks, Polar Beverages, Growing Smile Pediatric Dentistry, and Magic 106.7.The location of the festival is on Pierpont Road off Circuit Drive, near the back entrance of the Franklin Park Zoo. By MBTA, take the Orange Line to Forest Hills and the #16 bus to the Zoo. By car, the park can be reached from Blue Hill Avenue, Seaver Street, or Circuit Drive.There is ample free parking and the park is ADA compliant. For further information, call (617) 635-4505 or visit www.boston.gov/parks or www.facebook.com/bostonparksdepartment.
The series is presented by Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayors Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment, the Boston Commission on Affairs of the Elderly, and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department in partnership with title sponsor Bank of America. Additional support is provided by Polar Beverages.Charlie Thomas is a Dorothy Curran Concert Series favorite who earned his place in music history as a member of the Drifters, the group that placed 37 records on the Billboard national R&B charts. Twenty-five Drifters songs reached the Top 10, with five of those making it to #1. Thomas carries on the groups legacy by performing such Drifters classics as Dance With Me, This Magic Moment, Some Kind of Wonderful, Under The Boardwalk, and more. The Dorothy Curran Wednesday Night Concert Series closes August 22 with the Trammps performing hits including Hold Back The Night, Where The Happy People Go, Soul Bones, and their signature song Disco Inferno as featured on the soundtrack of Saturday Night Fever.For more information, please call (617) 635-4505 or visit the Parks Department online at boston.gov/departments/parks-and-recreation or facebook.com/bostonparksdepartment.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Alan Sharafto demolish the single-family residential structurelocated at 106 ForestHills Street in Jamaica Plain,MA 02130.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 13,2018.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh is reminding residents to take precautions during the very hot and humid weather that is forecasted for today, with the highest temperatures expected in the afternoon and early evening. To help residents stay cool this afternoon, Mayor Walsh has declared that, starting atnoon today until close, residents can swim at one of the City's pools operated byBoston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF)free of charge.The City of Boston's two outdoor pools,BCYF Clougherty Poolin Charlestown andBCYF Mirabella Poolin the North End and the City's ""Family Friendly Beach"" atBCYF Curley Community Centerin South Boston are open seven days a week through Labor Day. BCYF also operates 16 indoor pools. Please check with yourlocal BCYF centerfor all hours of operation.A full list of centers including hours of operation is availablehere.The Mayor issued the following heat safety tips for all members of the public:Adults and children should use sunscreen containing an SPF-30 or higher and wear protective, loose fitting clothing, including long sleeve shirts and hats.Older adults young children and those with chronic medical conditions, especially respiratory conditions, are more susceptible to the effects of heat.Check in on the elderly and family or neighbors who may be at risk of heat exhaustion or heatstroke as temperatures climb.Children and pets should never be left alone in vehicles, even for short periods of times.If you become lightheaded, confused, weak or faint, stop all activity and immediately find shade or a cool area to rest. If symptoms persist, call 911 immediately.Limit outdoor activity to morning and evening hours. Rest often in shady areas and be extra cautious from11 a.m. to 3 p.m., when the sun's UV radiation is strongest.Drink plenty of fluids regardless of activity level. Avoid alcoholic beverages and liquids high in sugar or caffeine.Homeless individuals can become dehydrated rapidly due to a lack of access to water or shelter from the heat. If you observe someone who appears to be in distress, call 911 immediately.If you have a child in your home, use child window guards in addition to screens on any open window on the second story or above. Falls are the leading cause of injury for children under the age of six. Information about low-cost window guards for Boston residents can be found here.Secure all window air conditioner units according to the manufacturer's specifications.Playground Safety: Children should always wear shoes on playgrounds because surfaces can become extremely hot and cause burns, even splash pads and spray decks.Outdoor Fires and Grilling:No outdoor fires are allowed in Boston, including fire pits, chimineas and bonfires.Charcoal grills must be on the ground and away from buildings. Keep in mind the wind and never leave unattended. When done, dispose of the ash in a metal container once completely out.Propane tank grills are only allowed on first floor porches with steps to the ground. Do not place propane tank grills near air conditioners or up against a building. Make sure all connections are tight and never carry propane tanks into a home.Grills should always be used in a well-ventilated area.Mosquitoes and Ticks:If you are in a grassy or wooded area, apply a DEET containing repellent that will protect against mosquitoes AND ticks. Always check yourself, children and pets for ticks after returning indoors and remove attached ticks immediately using tweezers. Mosquito bites can spread West Nile virus (WNV) and Eastern Equine Encephalitis (EEE), while attached ticks can spread Lyme disease.Wear long sleeve shirts, long pants and socks to prevent mosquito bites. Limit your time outdoors between dusk and dawn when mosquitoes are most active and apply an approved mosquito repellent.To prevent mosquitoes from breeding, residents should limit places around the home where standing water can collect. People should turn over unused flower pots, buckets, wheelbarrows, and garbage cans remove leaves and other debris that can clog gutters and trap water dispose of or cover old tires and cover swimming pools when not in use.Additional information on heat safety tips can be found online atboston.gov/heatand by following@CityofBostonon Twitter.###"
Looking for a free fitness class to help jumpstart your metabolism? Want to enjoy a concert under the stars in the City? We have you covered. City of Boston staff have been busy adding information to Boston.gov in recent weeks. We wanted to highlight some of these programs and events as you try to squeeze the most out of your summer.Summer is a busy time for the Parks and Recreation Department, and 2018 is no different. One of the biggest programs they run during the summer is ParkARTS. No matter what youre looking to do, ParkARTS has something for you.Throughout the summer, parks are transformed into music venues where Latin groups, swing bands, and full orchestras share the stage. Childrens Artists Workshops give kids the chance to express their creativity while working on fun projects with local artists. Budding artists, ages nine and up, can also take part in watercolor workshops. Movie nights take place every week. There are even puppet shows featuring marionettes made by a professional actor-puppeteer.You can find upcoming events, and a full list of all of the programs, on the ParkARTS website. Most of these free, family-friendly events run through September.Theres always something happening at City Hall. Thanks to the Citys Tourism Department, we now have an even more robust events page to keep you updated on whats happening. Here are some big events you should keep on your radar.GospelFest is New Englands largest Gospel music celebration and is free and open to all. This gospel festival blends contemporary and traditional gospel melodies, all while showcasing national and local gospel talent.The 3rd annual Country in the City Concert brings national country talent to the City Hall Plaza stage. Come for the country music, stay for the food trucks!Boston Social Fitness Festival is a free, day-long celebration of getting Boston moving. The event features fun activities for all ages and fitness levels.The fitness festival isnt the only way you can get moving. Through the end of September, the Parks and Recreation is hosting its summer fitness series in parks across Boston.These free events have everything. Want to get your heart pumping? Try one of the bootcamps, Zumba, or a cardio dance class. Looking to slow things down? Consider taking a yoga or tai chi class. You can find a weekly class schedule and upcoming events on the summer fitness series website.Last summer, the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics launched the Citys Lunch on the Lawn program. The basic idea? Youth ages 18 and younger could come to City Hall and get a free lunch, with no registration or ID required. The City wanted to make it easy for youth to access a free, healthy meal right in downtown Boston.This summer, the Office of Food Access picked up the program and expanded it to more than 100 sites across the City. Summer Eats is delivering critical support to children that rely on school meals throughout the year.The City initiative is part of a larger effort from the states Child Nutrition Outreach Program. The state created a Summer Meal site search where you can use your address to find a location near you, or across the whole state of Massachusetts.Imagine Boston 2030 is the first citywide plan in 50 years. The plan defines a vision for Boston leading up to its 400th birthday and beyond.As of right now, Imagine Boston has a separate website from Boston.gov. But, we wanted to make sure the Citys site reflected the importance of the program. Instead of only giving residents the ability to download the full plan as a pdf, we created a more immersive experience. The updated Imagine Boston 2030 website allows you to interact with our:This update comes just in time for a number of summer of events at Uphams Corner, including our corner market kickoff. We also expect the Imagine Boston team to release a year one report in the coming months.This blog post was written by Molly Trowbridge, a summer content fellow for the Digital Team. She's currently going into her senior year at UMass Amherst, where she's majoring in Communications and English. Connect with her onLinkedIn.
"Building on his commitment to prioritizing public safety and continuing to build strong police-community relations, Mayor Martin J. Walsh, together with the Boston Police Department and in partnership with Dr. Anthony Braga and Dr. Jack McDevitt of Northeastern University, has released thefinal reporton Boston's body-worn cameras pilot program. The overall findings of the report indicate the small, but meaningful benefits that the placement of body cameras have on encounters between residents and police officers. As a next step, the City of Boston plans to expand the body-worn camera program through a phased-in approach and the City is engaging in conversations with the police unions.""Boston is a model city in our nation for having strong police-community relations, and our goal is to continue building trust and positive relationships between law enforcement officers and community members,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This study shows the potential value that body cameras can have as part of our overall strategy for strengthening ties between law enforcement and the residents they serve. I am proud that we will be moving forward on this, and look forward to seeing how this program will further support the transformative progress we have made in community policing.""""I'm proud of our officers for taking this pilot seriously and for continuing the hard work they do every day,"" said Police Commissioner William B. Evans. ""The results from this study show there is positive impact in the use of the body cameras. While the numbers in Boston are low, there is always room for improvement. If using technology like body cameras can help further improve the way we police, I'm happy to see the City's commitment to full implementation.""""The Body Worn Camera Pilot process and study have been very important in understanding firsthand what members of the community believe will help the city move forward and how technology can play a role,"" said Boston Police Superintendent in Chief William Gross. ""I look forward to the opportunity to lead our officers in adding this program to our community policing strategy and strengthening relationships across this city.""The findings indicate that body cameras generate small but meaningful benefits to police-citizen encounters, specifically in terms of officers receiving fewer complaints (approximately one fewer complaint per month), and fewer use of force reports (slightly less than one use of force report per month).Importantly, in the years prior to the pilot program, citizen complaints and use of force reports have been decreasing. From 2013 to 2017, the number of complaints against officers decreased 46 percent, from 350 complaints in 2013 to 189 complaints in 2017. Additionally, use of force reports generated by BPD officers between 2013 and 2017 decreased by 52.3 percent, from 107 reports in 2014 to 51 use of force reports in 2017.These declining numbers can be attributed to robust training in unconscious bias and de-escalation. BPD recruit classes have been participating in fair and impartial training since 2016 and an Effective Communication training since 2017. In 2016, the BPD Academy also provided in-service training on Police Response to Mental, De-Escalation, and Use of Force Review, as well as a department-wide E-learning course on Bias Free Policing.""The findings of the randomized controlled trial suggest that the placement of body worn cameras on Boston Police officers generate small but meaningful benefits to the civility of police-citizen civilian encounters,"" said Dr. Anthony Braga, Northeastern University researcher. ""The study finds that officers wearing cameras received fewer citizen complaints and generated fewer use of force reports relative to officers who did not wear cameras. The presence of the cameras seem to de-escalate the potential for confrontations between police and citizens.""In addition to quantitative data, the report also offers a descriptive analysis that includes perceptions of the body camera program from the perspective of officers, advocacy groups and members of the public. This analysis offered insight on the many different components involved in a body camera program, including overall attitude towards cameras, quality of police community interaction, improve investigations of police misconduct, privacy, training, review of video, quality of audio and video, use of video in officer training, dealing with individuals in crisis and use of video in court. As a result of the findings, the report suggests that:A process should be developed to make the public aware of any implementation processA review process should be established to assure that videos exist in all appropriate cases, and that documentation exists in cases where a video was not recordedA formal process should be developed for transferal of videos from police to prosecutors, and from prosecutors to defense attorneys.""I'm grateful to BPD and Northeastern for thoroughly reviewing the pilot program, and to the Mayor for committing money to implement a permanent body camera program, a technology that not only serves our officers but also the community, and has real potential to build more trust between the two,"" said City Council President Andrea Campbell.Based on preliminary analysis of the pilot program, Mayor Walsh proactively included a$2 million investment in this year's budgetfor the adoption of police-worn body cameras, covering start-up costs and the purchase of up to 400 cameras. This builds off the initial $500,000 set aside in FY18 for the body camera pilot program. Program costs for the first three years are estimated at $8.5 million, with annual recurring costs after FY21 estimated at $3.3 million, however final costs will be dependent on several factors and are subject to change.Building on the BPD's commitment to transparency and strengthening the relationship and level of trust between officers and community members, 100 officers participated in a year-long body-worn camera pilot program that concluded this past September. As part of the one-year pilot program, BPD officers outfitted with body cameras generated roughly 38,200 videos that covered more than 4,600 hours of police work in Boston neighborhoods.Mayor Walsh, Commissioner Evans and members of the Boston Police Departmenthave shown a way forward in police-community relations with part one crime falling by 18%, and arrests being down 23%. In addition to appointing the most diverse police leadership in Boston's history, Mayor Walsh has committed to building a diverse talent pipeline for Boston Police by reinstituting the cadet program to train and recruit candidates from all backgrounds for the police academy.As a way to further strengthen police-community relations, in June 2017, Mayor Walshannounced reforms to the Community Ombudsman Oversight Panel (CO-OP Board)and Complaint Mediation Program to provide a neutral location for the public to file complaints (Civic Engagement Cabinet). These reforms have led to an increase in the number of cases reviewed (from 10 percent to 20 percent) and automatically refer cases for immediate review that involve allegations of discrimination or use of force resulting in serious bodily injury.###"
Joslin was the first doctor to keep a diabetes registry, and this registry allowed him to effectively track and treat the disease.Joslin was an advocate of patient education and strongly believed that training patients to monitor their diabetes would save lives. He wrote the first textbook about diabetes in 1916. In it, he noted a 20 percent decrease in mortality when patients instituted a program of diet and exercise. His private clinic formally became the Joslin Diabetes Center in 1952. The center currently supports the worlds largest diabetes research team.The above pages are from Joslins Diabetic Manual for the Mutual Use of Doctor and Patient, published in 1929. He dedicated the manual toThose Individuals Who Have Conquered Diabetes by Living Longer With It Than They were Expected to Live Without It.Joslins manual emphasized the ability of patients with diabetes to live full, normal lives. The above page shows a girl doing a handstand after taking her insulin.Joslin's manualwas used throughout the United States, includingin classes at Bostons Dorchester High School.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Philip Hresko to demolish the residence at 100 Mount Pleasant Avenue in Roxbury, MA 02119.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 11, 2018.
Hi, my name is Jasmine!I am a 7-year-old spayed female Poodle-Pomeranian mix.I have quite a bit of spunk when I want to, but most of the time I like to lay around, either in your lap or beside you.Sitting outside enjoying the sun and looking at the scenery is my favorite thing to do. If I sound like the kind of laid back girl that you would love to take home, come visit me at the shelter in Roslindale.
"UPDATED: AUGUST 9, 2018On Monday, August 6,Boston and partner cities hosted a webinar to provide an overview of the Multi City Renewable Energy RFI, and an opportunity for interested parties to ask questions. This webinar attracted 96 attendees from over 40 different energy sector companies, and received dozens of questions about the RFI and future renewable energy procurement plans. The webinar recording can be viewed on YouTube(Q&A ended around the 45-minute mark of this recording).Boston - Tuesday, July 31, 2018 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today is asking renewable energy developers and other interested parties to share details on what could be the largest renewable energy project of its kind in the country. The City of Boston released today a Request for Information (RFI) to obtain feedback from qualified renewable energy project developers with projects throughout the United States that could support the municipal energy demand of 20 cities included in the request. The total aggregate energy demand of all cities included in the request is nearly 5.7 terawatt-hours enough to power over half a million US homes.""Climate change is not an issue a city can solve by itself -- but Boston's leadership can be far-reaching,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I applaud my colleagues in other cities for joining this effort to demonstrate our collective power in building a clean energy future, and I'm eager to see what is possible in terms of how we can power our cities and create more, clean energy jobs.""The City of Boston is working with 19 other U.S. cities to request information on projects. The cities included in the request are Arlington, MA, Atlanta, GA, Boston, MA, Cambridge, MA, Chicago, IL, Evanston, IL, Gary, IN, Houston, TX, Los Angeles, CA, Manchester, NH, Medford, MA, Melrose, MA, Nashua, NH, Orlando, FL, Phoenix, AZ, Portland, ME, Portland, OR, Providence, RI, S. Portland, ME, and Somerville, MA.""Cities wield the power to create demand and transform the energy market - and when we act together, we can show the world that environmental stewardship and economic prosperity go hand in hand,"" said Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti. ""As a chair of Climate Mayors, I'm proud to stand beside Mayor Walsh in the work of amplifying the role of cities and upholding the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement.""The request is focused on information regarding project sizing, geography, anticipated completion date, technology, and indicative pricing. The information gathered will inform a future joint purchase of renewable energy. This action demonstrates the collective power of cities to invest in renewable energy and create more, middle class, clean energy jobs. If successful, a large-scale purchase of renewable energy will help power these cities, save money, and offset carbon emissions.""As the energy capital of the world, Houston will play a critical role in transforming the way we power the future. Our city, the largest municipal user of renewable energy in the nation, is proof that even big cities in red states cities can act on climate and maintain a robust, growing economy,"" said Mayor Sylvester Turner.""This RFI is an example of visionary leadership and the ability to see the big picture from a national perspective is a breath of fresh air, and I applaud Mayor Walsh for calling on the private sector to come together with local leaders across the country in the fight against climate change,"" said Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel. ""Mayor Walsh understands that we will only succeed in protecting the planet for future generations when we work together towards our common goal to bring down carbon emissions as is laid out in the Chicago Climate Charter.""Mayor Walsh formally announced his plans for the renewable energy initiative earlier this summer at the International Mayors Climate Summit in Boston. Mayors from across the country and around the world joined Mayor Walsh and leaders from public and private sectors to discuss actions taken by mayors to address climate change globally and in their own communities.""Cities that invest in renewable energy are making the responsible choice for our global future and bringing our significant purchasing power to bear in the transition to a clean energy economy,"" said Mayor Ted Wheeler of Portland, Oregon.""All cities have a stake in the fight against climate change,"" said Evanston Mayor Stephen Hagerty. ""I'm proud to partner with Mayor Walsh and mayors from across the country to explore ways to collectively reduce carbon emissions in our cities. Global climate action begins at the local level, and by working together we can have a much greater impact.""Mayor Walsh is the Co-Chair of Climate Mayors, a network of U.S. mayors that participated in a similar joint-city initiative last year that demonstrates the collective power of cities to advance climate goals. The Climate Mayors initiative, led by the City of Los Angeles, issued an Electric Vehicle Request for Information (EV RFI) with 30 other cities in efforts to aggregate municipal demand of electric vehicles across the country. The EV RFI demonstrated demand for nearly 115,000 vehicles of all classes, including trash trucks, street sweepers, semis, shuttles, and buses  with an estimated value of $10 billion to replace the entire fleet. The RFI received 40 responses across all vehicle segments, and is now moving into a formal procurement.Boston is taking bold action on climate to become a carbon neutral, climate ready city as outlined in its updated Climate Action Plan. Bostons Climate Action Plan serves as Bostons roadmap for reaching its goals of reducing carbon emissions and preparing for the impacts of climate change. The goals are supported by Imagine Boston 2030, the first citywide plan in 50 years, that helps to ensure that climate plays a role in aspects of city planning.The Citys current climate initiatives are laying the groundwork to advance its climate goals and to accelerate progress. Carbon Free Boston is analyzing the options and pathways to achieve deep decarbonization. The initiative is weighing the costs and benefits of technologies and policies across key action areas including electric power, buildings, transportation, and waste. As part of this effort, Zero Waste Boston is exploring pathways to turn Boston into a zero waste city through planning, policy, and community engagement.Additionally, Climate Ready Boston is strengthening Bostons climate change resilience with near- and long-term planning. It is actively advancing Bostons vision of a resilient city through a comprehensive citywide vulnerability study, a community outreach program, and neighborhood-level implementation projects, including the installation of a flood wall in one of Bostons most flood-prone neighborhood.All of these initiatives will inform the upcoming update of Bostons Climate Action Plan."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Edward Ordwayto demolish the garagelocated at 189 Trenton,MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 11, 2018.
In a Request for Information (RFI) released July 30, 2018, the City of Boston announced it is seeking ideas about creating new housing or designating more existing housing for people living with HIV/AIDS using federal Housing Opportunities for Persons With AIDS (HOPWA) Program funds. Responses to the RFI are due by 5PM Monday, August 20, 2018.Access to safe and affordable housing is essential for the long-term health of an individual diagnosed with HIV/AIDS. Housing is one of the strongest predictors of access to treatment, positive health outcomes, and length of life for a person living with HIV/AIDS. A HOPWA provider noted, Once housed, our clients are able to keep up with medical appointments and treatment, and achieve improved health outcomes they're also able to work toward other goals, such as continuing their education or obtaining employment.The HOPWA Program, funded through the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), provides housing and serviceslike housing search, case management, or short-term financial help for things like utility billsfor people living with HIV/AIDS and their families. The City of Boston Department of Neighborhood Development (DND) administers HOPWA funds across Suffolk, Norfolk and Plymouth Counties.Right now, the City uses HOPWA to provide housing by helping eligible tenants pay rent for apartments on the private market. But in a high-cost, low-vacancy area, HOPWA participants can search for a home for 6 months or more, according to the City of Boston March 2018 HIV/AIDS Housing Needs Assessment. One HOPWA provider commented, Searching for an apartment is a full-time job for our clients, even with the intensive support provided by a housing search advocate, given the tight rental market. Increasing the housing stock designated for persons living with HIV/AIDS will reduce the time a household spends looking for a home and will meet a basic community need.The RFI asks nonprofit developers, public housing agencies, property managers, community development corporations, and other interested parties for their ideas on how to use HOPWA funds to build, renovate, or lease apartments using HOPWA funding, and how the City can be a good partner in this. It is important that this housing be integrated within a housing development and within a community.The goal of this RFI is to gather information and explore new project types without committing to a particular concept. If the City, as a HOPWA grantee, chooses to later release a Request for Proposals (RFP) and support any specific developments, engagement in a public process with local residents and community members will be conducted as required by the municipality the project would be located in. Participation, or lack thereof, in this RFI would not help or hurt the chances of partnering with the City through an RFP in the future.The City will accept responses to the RFI until 5PM on Monday, August 20, 2018 respondents questions may be submitted to Courtney.Trudell@boston.gov until 5 PM on Thursday, August 9, 2018. An applicants conference will be held at 1PM on Monday, August 6. Please RSVP at goo.gl/6HJEED for more details.
Mayor Walsh recently concluded his annual series of Neighborhood Coffee Hours, held every summer throughout the City. These gatherings offer Boston residents a chance to meet the Mayor and many other elected and appointed City officials in an informal setting, right in their own community, to talk about local issues.These Neighborhood Coffee Hours provide my office with a space to engage Boston residents where they live, so we can meet people who may not usually come into City Hall. While we all rely heavily on social media these days, its important to remember that the best form of outreach is actually getting out and meeting people in person!Over the past two months, my staff has had a chance to meet people from various neighborhoods at these coffee hours. Residents they met requested information on our programs and services, including applications for the Accessible Parking Space program, removal of unused Accessible Parking Spaces, contact info to get a WAV taxi cabs (Wheelchair Accessible Vehicle), information on accessible and affordable housing, and other things they were seeking.One other benefit of the coffee hours is that my staff gets an opportunity to share information about upcoming initiatives and events my department is planning, such as ADA Day, Civic Engagement Day, and the winding down of the Accessibility Priority Survey.Ive made it a priority for my staff to attend each of the Mayors Neighborhood Coffee Hours to ensure that the concerns of people with disabilities are heard by the City. Traditionally, people with disabilities have not had a voice in government, but Mayor Walsh has demonstrated that this is not the case in his administration. The Mayors work focuses on serving all residents, in One Boston, which provides equity, opportunity, and accessibility to every resident, regardless of their abilities, gender, gender identity, ethnicity, or economic status.Its also great for my staff to visit each neighborhood to see firsthand different projects that are improving accessibility throughout the City. In Dorchester, the Mayor is making a four million dollar investment in the Henderson school to increase accessibility for students with disabilities. In Back Bay, the City is making major improvements to the sidewalks on Boylston Street. In Jamaica Plain, BTD is installing pedestrian ramps from Jackson square to Hyde Square, raising crosswalks, and improving pedestrian safety. There are many other great projects that are important to the disability community happening across the City - so stay tuned for updates on whats coming to your neighborhood!
Fall is approaching, and it's often a big transition period for both individuals and families. Many move to new homes within the Cityor are coping with back-to-school expenses. City living can be expensive, and working paycheck-to-paycheck can be a struggle during these periods.This month, were looking at different resources that may help with your budget, andcommunity resources that can help keep you afloat.The Employee Assistance Program has partnered with BALANCE, a financial counseling resource that offers free financial coaching, credit report reviews, debt repayment planning, and home purchase education for City of Boston employees and families. If you find yourself struggling with balancing your budget or saving for future expenses, this is a great resource to help get organized with your finances.The Childen's HospitalBostoncomprehensive community guideoffers an organized listing to different resources in the City serving low- and middle-income families, ranging from price-conscious clothing stores to crisis-prevention nonprofit agencies. One major resource listed in this guide is theAction for Boston Community Development agency, whichcan offer help for lower income individuals and families struggling to make ends meet. Finally, for those of you with kids preparing to return to school, new school supplies can be a major cost.If you are struggling with the cost of school supplies this year, please be sure to check out these events and offers through various outreach groups listed below.For more tips and resources on back-to-school planning, please check out our blog postfrom last year!
Special events taking place on Saturday and Sunday, July 28 and 29, will impact traffic and parking on streets in the City of Boston. People coming into the City to enjoy the festivities are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Bluebikes, the regional bike-share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around Boston.Saturday, July 28The Run to Home Base Road Race will begin at 8:15 AM on Jersey Street in the Fenway neighborhood. An estimated 2000 runners will turn left onto Van Ness Street, left onto Ipswich Street, left onto Boylston Street, left onto Massachusetts Avenue, over the Massachusetts Avenue Bridge, to the City of Cambridge, turn around prior to Vassar Street, continuing on Massachusetts Avenue, returning to the City of Boston over the Massachusetts Avenue Bridge, right onto Boylston Street, right onto Ipswich Street, right onto Lansdowne Street, left into Gate C of Fenway Park, ending at Home Base.Drivers should expect road closures and traffic delays along the route between 7:45 AM and 11:00 AM In addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 12:00 AM to 12 Noon parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Sunday, July 29An estimated 5,000 people will gather on Boylston Street for the Puerto Rican Festival Parade that will begin at 12 Noon. The parade route will be Boylston Street at Hereford Street inbound, left onto Tremont Street, continuing onto Cambridge Street, ending at City Hall Plaza at approximately 3 PM.Boylston Street is expected to be closed between Massachusetts Avenue and Exeter Street from 10:30 AM to 11:45 AM for set up, and the full parade route will be closed through approximately 3:30 PM. In addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.It is important to note that Commonwealth Avenue, between Packards Corner and Kenmore Square, is currently closed to motor vehicular through traffic (local access only) through August 11, due to the MassDOT Commonwealth Avenue Bridge Replacement Project. MassDOT has partnered with the Boston Transportation Department to ensure additional Bluebikes service in the impacted area, and to discount the Bluebikes Single Trip Pass to $1 through August 11. Information on related traffic changes, as well as pedestrian and bike routes and detours, is available at: http://www.massdot.state.ma.us/highway/HighlightedProjects/CommonwealthAvenueBridgeReplacement/TrafficManagement.aspx .
Hi, my name is Cloud!I am a five-month-old spayed female Siamese / Ragdoll mix. I am a playful girl with a lot of toes that I use to catch toys. I love to be held and snuggled! Everyone here loves me! How can anyone resist this cute face?If you would love to add a cutie pie like me to your family, come and visit me at the animal shelter in Roslindale!
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Colm Dunphy to demolish the commercial structurelocated at the corner of 187 E Street and 157 West 8th Street in South Boston,MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 2,2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Janey Constructionto demolish the multi-family structurelocated at 136 Shirley Street in Roxbury,MA 02119.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on August 4, 2018.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released a five-year strategic plan to prevent and address youth substance use in the City of Boston. The plan is the result of a comprehensive assessment of youth substance use and current prevention efforts in Boston.""This plan takes us in a new direction of being intentional about equity and making sure that we are supporting all of our youth with the resources they need to overcome substance use disorder,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""My hope is that this is a historical turning point in the way we deliver services to ensure we approach recovery and prevention in its full context. I thank Mass General and Blue Cross for partnering with us on this important initiative, and for sharing in our commitment to supporting Boston's youth.""TheYouth Substance Use Prevention Strategic Plan, developed in collaboration with Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) and other community partners, with support from the Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts Foundation (BCBSMAF), will guide the work of the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services (ORS). MGH will invest $1.3 million over five years to support implementation of the plan.In developing the plan, the City placed an emphasis on ensuring that the strategic plan promoted racial, ethnic, and economic equity, by including data from all Boston neighborhoods. A majority of Boston Public School (BPS) students (86 percent) identify as Black, Hispanic/Latino or Asian, but the advisory group and community stakeholders reported that youth substance use prevention resources were not widely accessible to these teens. The strategic plan aims to address this gap.""This Strategic Plan recommends an innovative approach to prevention that addresses the untreated trauma that often underlies youth substance use,"" said Marty Martinez, Chief of Health and Human Services. """"People with substance use disorders have not always been met with the support and resources that they deserve. Our prevention strategy is to meet our young people where they're at and ensure that community resources are available, accessible, and attainable.""In 2016, Mayor Walsh announced that the City of Boston was awarded a $50,000 Special Initiatives Grant by BCBSMAF and had hired consultant DMA Health Strategies to conduct a comprehensive assessment of youth substance use and current prevention efforts in Boston. To inform this assessment, ORS convened a Youth Prevention Advisory Group of local youth, substance use experts, and key community stakeholders. The City engaged youth, parents, medical providers, faith-based leaders, schools, and youth organizations to better understand youth substance use patterns in Boston.""The epidemic of addiction is not new in Boston,"" said Jennifer Tracey, Director of the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services. ""People with substance use disorders have not always been met with the support and resources that they deserve. Often, young people who are engaged in risky behaviors get caught up in the criminal justice system before being exposed to adequate prevention or early intervention services. This Strategic Plan aims to enhance Boston's substance use prevention efforts and improve access to positive interventions by meeting young people where they're at.""""Mayor Walsh's commitment to addressing substance use in Boston at every level is to be commended, and very much aligned with the Foundation's strategic focus on behavioral health,"" said Audrey Shelto, President of the Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts Foundation. ""Our goal in supporting the development of a strategic plan that addresses prevention among youth is to advance the City's progress toward curbing this epidemic.""As part of the $1.3 million MGH committed towards implementation, MGH will award $500,000 over the next five years to support the creation of a new substance use prevention coalition in an underserved Boston neighborhood to promote racial equity, and $600,000 over the next three years to support existing community coalitions in Boston that are in need of funding to strengthen their youth substance use prevention efforts. This would be in addition to the coalition support already provided by MGH in Charlestown and East Boston. MGH has also earmarked another $246,714 to support the city in collecting important youth health data that can identify health disparities at the neighborhood level. The funds are allocated through a determination of need process.""Massachusetts General Hospital is proud to partner with the City of Boston on the Youth Substance Use Strategic Plan,"" said Dr. Peter Slavin, MGH President. ""With its emphasis on youth wellness and health equity, and a focus on low resourced neighborhoods in the city, we are happy to build upon the wonderful work of our Charlestown and East Boston community coalitions and look forward to strengthening our relationships with other Boston neighborhoods.""This report challenges the City of Boston to use its departments in more innovative ways to engage young people. In this year's budget, Mayor Walsh funded two additional positions within the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services to lead and coordinate cross-sector youth substance use prevention initiatives. While the report emphasizes that the City cannot realize this Strategic Plan without the support of community providers and key stakeholders, the work needs to start at the municipal level. Among the report's recommendations, some include:For more information, please visit:boston.gov/recovery."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh yesterday announced the winners of the City's third Public Space Invitational, a civic design competition that seeks ideas that reimagine and enhance Boston's public spaces. The announcement was made as part of an event at the Nightingale Community Garden, one of the locations selected.This year, the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics and The Trustees called for innovative design installations at three community gardens: Nightingale Community Garden in Dorchester, Chilcott & Granada Community Garden in Jamaica Plain, and the Fenway Victory Gardens. The three winning projects will bolster the connection between neighborhoods and community gardens and will support community conversations and storytelling, community dinners, and theatrical performances.""Over the years the Public Space Invitational has inspired amazing projects that highlight the creativity of our residents and makes our publics spaces shine bright,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am excited to congratulate the winners of this years contest and be able to highlight the importance of our community gardens as these projects take shape.""This year's design competition is part of a three-year partnership, called Community Grown, between The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, the City of Boston's Department of Neighborhood Development, The Trustees, and TD Bank to expand the reach and highlight the role of community gardens in Boston's neighborhoods. In addition to community-driven design projects, the program will feature a series of community-building events and skill-building workshops planned for up to 40 gardens in six of Boston's neighborhoods.""We are excited to partner with TD Bank and the Mayor's office to create these unique community-focused experiences in Boston community gardens,"" said Vidya Tikku, General Manager for The Trustees' Greater Boston region. ""We have a long history of working with public and private partners here in the City of Boston and around the state to advocate for green spaces and expand urban gardening, education, and community-building. This partnership will enable us to offer neighborhood residents new and creative ways to gather, learn, and enjoy our community gardens.""The three selected project proposals are:Trailer MadeLocation:Chilcott & Granada Community Garden and Fenway Victory GardensProposed by:Andrea Fossa and Robert BarellaWith a goal to spark creativity and community growth,Trailer Made is a solar-powered, towable, modular community gathering space that relies on locally sourced and recycled materials. The structure, once unpacked, will feature an events space with tables and chairs, interactive 'planter' sculptures, educational panels with chalkboards, electricity and lighting for events, and a phone charging station. Created by landscape architects Andrea Fossa and Robert Barella, Trailer Made will travel between the Fenway Victory Gardens and Chilcott & Granada Community Garden in Jamaica Plain.Cross PollinationLocation:Nightingale Community GardenProposed by:Claudia Paraschiv, Annie Scott, and Azia CarleCross Pollination is a project at the Nightingale Community Garden that aims to share cultural and garden resources between gardeners, wildlife, local poets, and Boston's residents.Cross Pollinationis the creation of Claudia Paraschiv, a registered architect, community artist, educator, Annie Scott, an ecological landscape designer, community organizer, and Azia Carle, a fine artist, community artist, and community organizer. Together with the garden and local community, the artists will create pollinator-pots planted with native pollinator-friendly flowers to attract bees and butterflies that will benefit the nearby gardens with greater fertilization and crop productivity. The pollinator-pots will also be ""planted"" with locally-crafted, African print fabrics to create ""shade-flowers"" to provide needed shade for gardeners, while also attracting residents walking by with their bright colors and poetic messages. Program participants will get to help create the installation, with planting and shade-flower making among the planned events.Celebrate & ActivateLocation:Nightingale Community Garden, DorchesterProposed by:Melissa Nussbaum, Ayako Maruyama, Maria Hendricks, Raquel Saenz, Adilson Barros, Dana Watkins, Prema Bangera, Sonya Joyner, Carrington Moore, Arthur Williams IIIThrough interactive theatre performances and the creation of banners based on national flags, Celebrate & Activate will honor the cultural, linguistic, and agricultural diversity of Nightingale Community Garden, which features gardeners from more than a dozen countries. Melissa Nussbaum-Freeman, Nightingale gardener and Director of Red Sage Stories, is leading the project with Ayako Maruyama, Creativity Lab Design Lead at ds4si. The project also utilizes the compost area of the garden through interactivestorytelling, colorful art installations, activities for children, and sharing food at four garden-cycle themed events. Artist-led programs will include interactive storytelling events on the themes of sowing, weeding, harvesting, and composting.Photo credit: Pharess MarieTD Bank is the presenting sponsor of the Boston Community Gardens partnership, granting a total of $225,000 over three years.""TD Bank is committed to creating a more vibrant planet and enhancing urban green spaces that bring the community together,"" said Mark Crandall, Regional President, Southern New England, TD Bank. ""As a company with deep roots in Boston, we are excited about our partnership with the Mayor's Office and The Trustees of Reservations to enrich our community gardens. Together, we expect this three-year collaboration to provide Boston with an array of cultural, educational, and environmental programs in gardens across the city for all people to enjoy.""The Public Space Invitational started in 2014 with the aim of making Boston's public spaces more delightful, welcoming, and intuitive. It has resulted in a wide-variety of projects, includinga portable reading room for neighborhoods and green spaces, atidal vibraphoneon the Congress Street bridge,the activation of the mezzanine of Boston City Hallwith brightly colored skateboard tape, apoem/photography seriesfrom Boston's Poet Laureate at the Mattapan Branch Library, and a project that completelyreimagines street furniture.The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics in Boston serves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needsGrassroots, a program of the City'sDepartment of Neighborhood Development (DND), promotes access to urban green space through the conveyance of city-owned land to non-profit organizations, and the provision of competitive grant funding of up to $150,000 for garden design and construction.A steward of distinctive and dynamic places of both historic and cultural value,The Trusteesis the nation's first and Massachusetts' largest preservation and conservation nonprofit. As the largest owner of community gardens in the city, The Trustees operates56 community gardenslocated throughout eight Boston neighborhoods. The organization holdsevents and programsthroughout the year designed to connect residents to the land, gardening, and community building, including the Annual Gardeners' Gathering and the Seed, Sow & Grow workshop series. Supported by members, friends, and donors, The Trustees' 116 statewide natural and cultural sites welcome millions of members, residents, and visitors each year.TD Bank is committed to driving positive change that enriches the lives of our customers, colleagues and communities. In support of our mission, TD recently launched The Ready Commitment, which is targeting $1 billion by 2030 toward community giving, in order to maximize our impact in supporting financial security, elevating the quality of our environment, creating opportunities for everyone to participate in their communities, and supporting more equitable health outcomes for all. You can learn more about theReady Commitmentonline."
Earhart was not only a pilot, but also a social worker. In 1925, Earhart was hired as a social worker at the Denison House, a settlement house in Bostons South End. This photo, taken by Leslie Jones,shows her with children from the settlement house in 1928.We wondered, what was the Denison House and what happened to it? We did a little digging in our collections and found some records about the house.Denison House was founded in 1892. It was originally known as the Boston College Settlement, and was supported by women from Boston College. The women named the house for Edward Denison, an Englishman who lived and worked in Londons East End. Denison was a fore-runner of the Settlement Movement. This pamphlet tells us that Denison House operated into the early 1940s. In 1941, the settlement house released the below statement, citing neighborhood depopulation as a reason for closing the house.South End residents who used the settlement houses services were directed to other local social welfare agencies, including the South End House, the Chinese Mission, and the Salvation Army. You can see a list of the agencies below.You can learn more about the intersection of Amelia Earharts careers as a social worker and pilot at Virginia Commonwealth Universitys Social Welfare History Project.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of William Gross as the City of Boston's first African American Commissioner of the Boston Police Department (BPD), who will assume the duties and responsibilities of Commissioner William B. Evans who is set to retire from the Boston Police Department onSaturday, August 4. Gross currently serves as Superintendent in Chief of the Boston Police Department.""On behalf of the City of Boston I want to thank Commissioner Evans for his lifetime of service in keeping the residents of Boston safe,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The role of Police Commissioner is not an easy one, but is one that can make a tremendous impact in our neighborhoods. Under Commissioner Evans, the Boston Police Department has been a national model for community relations, for youth outreach and for making our neighborhoods safe. He is one of the best commissioners in the country and one of the best in Boston's history.""""This decision to leave the Boston Police Department was one of the most difficult of my life,"" said Commissioner Evans. ""I am incredibly proud of all the work we've done over the last four years to make Boston safe for our residents, and my heart and soul will always be with the Boston Police Department. This is the place where I got my start as a cadet, and rose through the ranks to Commissioner, and I will always be grateful to the Mayor and the men and women of the Boston Police Department who put their trust and faith in me, and allowed for me to live out my dreams.""As ofAugust 5, Superintendent Gross will serve as interim Commissioner until he is formally sworn in as Commissioner. A swearing in ceremony willbe announced in the coming weeks.""Superintendent Gross is a proven leader who is trusted and respected in the community and by his colleagues in the Boston Police Department,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud to appoint him as the first African American Police Commissioner for the City of Boston. Superintendent Gross is a product of our neighborhoods, and has a deep understanding of our communities, and connection to our people. I look forward to continuing our important work ahead to make sure all residents and neighborhoods in Boston remain safe.""""It has been my life's work to serve the community that shaped me and keep people safe in every neighborhood, and I am honored and grateful to be able to continue that work as Boston's Police Commissioner,"" said Gross. ""I want to thank Mayor Walsh for his support and for this opportunity, Commissioner Evans for his leadership and friendship, and the community for who I would not be here today without.""Superintendent Gross is a 33-year veteran of the Boston Police Department. As a Patrol Officer he spent many years in the Gang Unit and Drug Control Unit, as well as serving as an Academy Instructor. He rose through the ranks, achieving the ranks of Sergeant and Sergeant Detective, and was promoted to Deputy Superintendent in 2008, where he became a member of the Command Staff of the Department. As Deputy Superintendent, Gross served as the Commander of Zone 2, which is comprised of Area B-2 Roxbury & Mission Hill, Area B-3 Mattapan, Area C-11 Dorchester and Area C-6 South Boston. In this role, he coordinated with District Captains in their development of strategies to address crime trends, and attended community meetings to address specific neighborhood crime concerns.""Commissioner Evans has dedicated his life to improving public safety for the residents of Boston. I am proud that Chief William Gross will continue this strong tradition in his new role. Chief Gross is someone who knows the neighborhoods and people of Boston,"" said Representative Jeffrey Sanchez. ""Furthermore, as a parent and someone who grew up in Boston, I can't overstate how important it is for our kids to see an African American leader of the Boston Police Department. This is a transformative day for our City. I thank Mayor Walsh for selecting the best person for the job.""""I thank Commissioner Evans for his decades of service to the City of Boston, his commitment to strong community policing strategies, and his partnership over the last few years while I've served on the Council, including implementing the body camera pilot program and expanding the police cadet program,"" said City Council President Andrea Campbell. ""I applaud the Mayor for his historic appointment of William Gross, who will be the first African American person to serve in this role. I look forward to working in partnership with Commissioner Gross on issues of public safety in my district and across the City, including to increase diversity in our law enforcement ranks.""""Chief Grossis the right person, at the right time, to lead the Boston Police Department, to build the partnerships, to reach out and engage all of us to tackle public safety challenges and to continue the many effective, community policing initiatives here in the city,"" said Michael Kozu and Emmanuel Tikili, interim co-director of Project RIGHT. ""We have worked with Chief Gross for a number of years in Grove Hall and while we have made progress, he also understands the issues that are holding us back, in our neighborhood and in our city. He knows so many people, from young to old, and is accessible to all.""In 2010, Deputy Superintendent Gross became the commander of the Field Support Division, which included command over the Youth Violence Strike Force (Gang Unity), and the School Police Unit. In 2012, he was promoted to Superintendent, Night Commander, responsible for oversight of all police responses to incidents on a citywide basis in the evening hours. Throughout his career, Superintendent Gross has maintained a strong connection with the community, and has been awarded numerous awards for bravery, meritorious service and community partnership.""Willie has been a leader in our community for a number of years. He is a constant presence and has a passion for keeping our communities safe,"" said Lisa Guscott-Wells, Mattapan resident and CEO of Long Bay Management Companies. ""The decision to appoint him to Commissioner is an excellent one. I commend Mayor Walsh for choosing a valued community leader, advocate and friend. As a lifelong resident of Mattapan and classmate of Willie I salute him in this new role, and his commitment to making our communities safe.""""Congratulations to the City of Boston on the appointment of Willie Gross as Police Commissioner,"" said Marilyn Anderson Chase, resident of Dorchester. ""Time and time again Chief Gross has demonstrated that he can be trusted, by the men and women with whom he has served and will now lead, as well as by the citizens he is sworn to protect. He has executed his obligation to enforce the law with compassion and a commitment to fairness, equity and justice. I commend Mayor Walsh for the wisdom reflected in this historic appointment.""Under Commissioner Evans' leadership at BPD, every year since 2014, violent crime and property crime in the City of Boston have gone down. As part of their efforts, BPD has made significant gains in building and earning trust in the community, and has done unprecedented work with at-risk young people to help show them a safe path forward through programs and initiatives such as the Mayor's Youth Summer Jobs Program, Summer Camp Referrals, YouthConnect, Operation Exit Trades Pre-Apprenticeship Program, Boston Public Health Commission's Trauma Teams. Other initiatives aimed at increasing positive interactions between BPD and the community include: Jr. Police Academy, Teen Police Academy, P.A.L. to PALS, Youth and Police Dialogues, BPD Ice Cream Truck, National Night Out, Flashlight Walks, Coffee with a Cop. For more information on these programs, pleasevisit here.In addition to re-introducing the Boston Police Cadet Program to build the diverse talent pipeline in the department, the department introduced training at the Police Academy on implicit bias and de-escalation.As part of Boston's efforts to keep residents safe, the Boston Police Department held an annual gun summit to stop illegal guns from entering our city, and has held gun buyback days, offering residents the opportunity to return unwanted firearms. In addition, the department has brought in trauma and mental health teams, probation officers, street workers, recovery coaches to help with emergency response to those in need of care.As a result of the department's success in keeping residents safe, while building meaningful relationships with residents, in 2015, the Boston Police Department was recognized by the Obama White House as a leader in community relations."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Midori Morikawa as Director of Business Strategy for the Office of Economic Development. In this role, Midori will focus on attracting new businesses, retaining and growing existing businesses, and engaging the Boston business community to strengthen Boston's workforce for growth in the national and international markets. Midori previously served as Deputy Director of Workforce and Policy Development in the Office of Workforce Development.I am thrilled to welcome Midori as Director of Business Strategy, and I am confident that her expertise in talent development and successful record of private-public partnerships will strengthen Bostons broad talent pool and create an even more attractive place to do business, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Since its creation, Chief Barros and his team have made significant progress not only in attracting business to Boston, but also in ensuring that all Bostonians benefit from Bostons booming economy. I look forward to even more success with an expanded and dynamic team.Bostons young, deep pool of homegrown talent is the top factor in attracting and keeping businesses in Boston, and I am excited to work with Midori to expand out approach to pipeline development and foster a more inclusive Boston business economy, said John F. Barros, Chief of Economic Development. By supporting and partnering Bostons established and growing industries with a dedicated team, we can ensure more job opportunities and training for the jobs of the future for all Bostonians.Created in 2014, the Mayors Office of Economic Development is a one-stop resource for all businesses in the City of Boston, which promotes policies that help businesses grow while fostering economic inclusion and equity. Divided into three focus areas, the office is comprised of the Business Strategy, Small Business, and Equity and Inclusion units. Milestones include the publication of the citys first ever Small Business Report, launch of the Small Business Resource Center, passage of an updated Boston Residents Job Policy with elevated develop standard for hiring and building in Boston, and new Neighborhood Business Access Loans.The Economic Development Cabinet includes the Boston Planning and Development Agency, Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment, the Office of Consumer Affairs and Licensing, and the Office of Workforce Development. Together, these offices work together to ensure Boston an appealing and accessible place for working families, entrepreneurs, businesses, and investors to innovate, grow, and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for Bostonians and the experience for all visitors.
An application to demolish sixbuildings in Kenmore Square. A seventh building, 660 Beacon Street, is also part of this project andwill be renovated. We post each Demo Delayapplication received to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on July 30, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from MBC Ventures to demolish an existing houseat 33 Leyden Street in East Boston.We post each Demo Delayapplication received to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on July 30, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from KemsConstruction Corp. to demolish a condemned structure at 64 O Street inSouth Boston.We post each Demo Delayapplication received to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on July 30, 2018.
People coming into the City to enjoy the festivities are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Blue Bikes, the regional bike-share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around BostonThe Festival Betances will take place in the South End beginning with a parade at 1 PM on Saturday, July 21. An estimated 200 people will gather at #100 West Dedham Street at Plaza Betances, turn left on Tremont Street, left on Aguadilla Street, left on Tremont Street, left on West Newton Street, left on Shawmut Avenue, left on Pembroke Street, continue onto San Jan Street, left on Shawmut Avenue, left on West Dedham Street, and end at the Plaza Betances.Tow Zone No Stopping Saturday and SundayThe Foo Fighters at Fenway Park will require the following temporary parking restrictions.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday and Sunday, 1 PM to 11:59 PMTow Zone No Parking Reserved for HP-DV Parking ONLY Saturday and SundayThe Roxbury Unity Parade will take place in Roxbury beginning onMalcolm X Boulevard at Madison Park High School at 1 PM. An estimated 200 people will head east on Malcolm X Boulevard, turn right onto Washington Street and turn left onto Dale Street.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 9 AM to 2 PM
You can see a list of the feasts and processions below. Click on the links to learn more about each event.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch of the2018 Boston Summer Eats Program, which builds on his commitment to improve overall access to healthy food by providing free and nutritious meals throughout the day to youth under age 18 at more than 100 locations across the city.""No child in the City of Boston should ever have to experience food insecurity simply because school is out of session,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Through Boston Summer Eats, we are working to close the Summer Food Gap by providing easily accessible places for youth throughout the city to eat healthy meals and participate in fun and engaging programming before they transition into the next school year.""Boston Summer Eats is a programdesigned to make meals accessible to city kids and youth andis comprised of five summer meal programs - Lunch on the Lawn, Books and Bites, Summer Eats at the Bolling Building, Summer Eats at Farmers Markets, and Summer Eats at Boston Housing Authority (BHA) locations. Following a successful pilot program at City Hall Plaza and the Mattapan Public Library in 2017, Boston Summer Eats will expand to include over include over 118 sites, including additional BPL branches, Boston Housing Authority properties, the Bolling Building, and 10 farmers markets. At the various locations, children and youth can obtain free meals and participate in engaging programming comprised of arts and crafts, physical fitness activities, and early literacy programs administered throughReadBoston.""In addition to free summer meals, the Books and Bites Program provides a safe and welcoming space for community members,"" said Catalina Lpez-Ospina, Director of the Mayor's Office of Food Access. ""It gives the opportunity to introduce families and kids to other services and resources that BPL and the City of Boston offer to the community while helping combat food insecurity and summer learning loss.""In 2017, approximately one in five (i.e., 18 percent) Boston Public High School students reported going hungry because there was not enough food in their home at least sometimes in the past 30 days, according to the Boston Youth Risk Behavior Surveillance System.""We know there are any number of reasons kids might not be able to access Summer Eats when school is out, and the City of Boston has gone above and beyond to address them. Boston Summer Eats is a great example of how communities can meet people where they already are to increase access to healthy food-whether at housing developments, libraries, schools, or other community locations,"" said Erin McAleer, President of Project Bread. ""By bringing these meals--often paired with enrichment activities--directly to where families live and play, Boston Summer Eats reduces stigma and increases kids' opportunities to learn and engage during the summer.""Partners involved in the 2018 Boston Summer Eats program include: the Mayor's Office of Food Access (OFA), Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC), Boston Public Library (BPL), Boston Housing Authority (BHA), and Boston Public Schools (BPS), in partnership with the Massachusetts Department of Elementary and Secondary Education, Project Bread, the YMCA of the Greater Boston.Through Summer Eats at Farmers Markets, participating farmers markets will engage and inform families and youth about locally grown, fresh produce available to them. These markets are not only an opportunity to spread the word on the many options for free or low-cost nutrition programs, but are also a way for communities to thrive this summer.""The YMCA of Greater Boston will serve close to 300,000 meals this summer and has a goal of serving over 1 million meals to the greater Boston community by 2020,"" said James Morton, President and CEO of the YMCA of Greater Boston. ""During the summer months, 80.3 percent of students who eat lunch at school during the school year do not participate in a summer food program, and we are committed to addressing this disparity by providing healthy and nutritious meals to as many children as possible.""Meals are available on a first-come first-serve basisat the following locations and times.No identification or registration is required.Last summer, over 1,000 meals were served at City Hall. Now in its second year, the program will giveyoung people living, visiting, and working in Boston easy access to free food during the summer. There is much hope for continued success, as coordinators are hoping to expand the program's reach next summer.To learn more about the Boston Summer Eats program individuals can text ""Food"" or ""Comida"" to 877-877, call 1-800-645-8333, or visitwww.meals4kids.org.The Mayor's Office of Food Access strives to give all residents of Boston access to nutritious, affordable, culturally conscious food. Keeping the diversity of Boston's population at heart, OFA's goal is to create a more food secure City with a vibrant, inclusive food culture.Project Bread is committed to preventing and ending hunger in Massachusetts. As a leading statewide anti-hunger organization, Project Bread approaches hunger as a complex problem with multiple solutions, providing immediate access to affordable, healthy food while also eradicating the systemic causes of hunger. Project Bread creates innovative initiatives and supports effective programs to end food insecurity in Massachusetts.The Y is the nation's leading nonprofit committed to strengthening communities through youth development, healthy living and social responsibility.The Y makes accessible the support and opportunities that empower people and communities to learn, grow and thrive. With a focus on youth development, healthy living and social responsibility, the Y nurtures the potential of every youth and teen, improves the nation's health and well-being and provides opportunities to give back and support neighbors."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston and Verizon are seeking to amend the Verizon cable television license to offer FiOS in all neighborhoods in Boston.With this amendment, were expanding access to broadband choice in all of Bostons neighborhoods and communities, said Mayor Walsh. Now, all Boston residents will have a choice of providers for fast and affordable broadband.In April 2016, the City announced a partnership with Verizon to replace Bostons copper-based infrastructure with a state-of-the-art fiber-optic network that offers fast broadband speeds. Verizon has been constructing their network in their original service area of Dorchester, Dudley Square in Roxbury and West Roxbury and last year, Verizon doubled that area to also include Jamaica Plain, Hyde Park, Mattapan, Roslindale, all of Roxbury, as well as parts of South Boston and the Waterfront. This second amendment will get all of Boston served, including East Boston, Mission Hill, Allston, Brighton, Back Bay, Charlestown, Fenway, Beacon Hill, and parts of South Boston not already served by Verizon Fios.Increasing competition and choice for broadband and TV services in Boston has been a long-term goal of the Walsh administration, said the Citys interim Chief Information Officer, Patricia Boyle McKenna. Verizon FiOS - citywide - provides all our residents with options and, ultimately, helping to lower costs and make broadband access affordable to more families and businesses.The second amendment will also expand the amount of fiber that Verizon provides to the City of Boston to connect schools, support the delivery of City services, and enhance public safety communications systems. The license and amendment and other documents related to the licensing process are available online at boston.gov/fios.""Boston has welcomed FiOS, and the superior service, competition and choice Verizon delivers, with open arms,"" said New England Region President, Donna Cupelo. ""Since we introduced FiOS in Boston in 2017, weve almost doubled available data speed, and now offer our Fios Gigabit Connection service. Our teams are outside everyday transforming Bostons technology foundation.Read the amendmentRead the public reportcomment on theamendment"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture today announced Company One Theatre is in residence at the Strand Theatre in Dorchester this summer. Company One Theatre will premiere Leftovers, a new play written by Josh Wilder and directed by Summer L. Williams, from July 21 - August 18, 2018.The City of Boston is thrilled to have Company One Theatre take up residence at this iconic theater in Uphams Corner, said Mayor Walsh. I look forward to seeing how their performance resonates with the local community, and brings new life to the Strand as it approaches its centennial.The Strand Theatre recently completed a $3.4 million renovation project included in Mayor Walshs Imagine Boston 2030 Capital Plan, consisting of safety renovations including an elevator, accessibility upgrades and fire prevention. The theater is celebrating its centennial on November 11, 2018. This is the first theater residency at the Strand since Fiddlehead Theatre Companys residency in 2013.The timing couldnt be better for a production like this, as we continue to work towards establishing Uphams Corner as an Arts and Innovation District, and continue to think about ways we can elevate the Strand Theatre to its fullest potential, said Kara Elliott-Ortega, interim Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston.Leftovers tells the story of Jalil and Kwamaine, two brothers living in poverty who just want their family to be Cosby Show Happy. When an enormous dandelion sprouts in front of their South Philly home and wishes start falling from the sky, they seize the possibility of no longer feeling like the city's leftovers and begin to dream their way out of the cycle of poverty that has governed their lives.Company One Theatre has created award-winning, thought-provoking theatre in Boston for nearly 20 years.""We are delighted to produce the world premiere of Leftovers at the historic Strand Theater in collaboration with the city of Boston,"" said artistic director Shawn LaCount. ""We are grateful to Mayor Walsh and his team for their dedication to dynamic performance and diverse voices. Thanks to the support of the City of Boston, the Krupp Family Foundation, and The Boston Foundation, this summer's five week run of Leftovers will be an entirely Pay-What-You-Wish production, ensuring that ticket price will be no barrier to seeing this great work!""All tickets for Leftovers are Pay-What-You-Wish, and tickets can be purchased online."
"The City of Boston Election Commission today announced the release of the 2018 Vote Early Boston schedule, which was unanimously approved by the Boston Election Commission Board. This year's Early Voting period beginsMonday, October 22, and runs throughFriday, November 2. During that time, voters registered in Boston will be able to cast their ballots in person prior to theNovember 6thState Election.""Ensuring all Boston voters are able to vote conveniently, and on their own schedule, is paramount to ensuring voter turnout,"" said Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""Voting is core to our democracy, and I encourage Boston voters to take advantage of all the resources the City provides for elections.""The schedule features City Hall as the main Early voting polling location. City Hall will be open for votingMondaythroughFriday, during normal business hours (9 a.m. to 5 p.m.) during the two week period. On Tuesdays and Thursdays, City Hall will be open until8:00 pmfor early voting. Early Voting ""pop-up"" polling locations will also be available throughout the city on Tuesdays and Thursdays during the early voting period. Those locations will be open from12 p.m until 8 p.m.and are convenient to all neighborhoods.This year's schedule also includes a full weekend of early voting onOctober 27(Saturday) and 28 (Sunday). During early voting weekend there will be nine voting locations open on both days, one in each city council district, from10 a.m. until 6 p.m.""I would like to commend the staff of the Election Department for doing an excellent job developing this schedule, and to Mayor Walsh for providing the resources to make voting more accessible to all,"" said Karen Chen, Executive Director of the Chinese Progressive Association.Any voter registered in Boston may vote at any early voting location. Unlike Absentee Voting, an explanation is no longer needed to vote early. Any Boston voter who wishes to vote early may. For more information on Vote Early Boston, pleasevisit here.The fullVote Early Boston Scheduleis included below. You can also download the schedule."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh together with corporate, youth and nonprofit leaders today joined John Hancock and Boston University to kick off the 11th year of the MLK Scholars Program. The MLK Scholars Program provides meaningful employment and job readiness opportunities to 650 Boston youth through summer job assignments and workshops. The program is believed to be the largest, most comprehensive corporate summer jobs program of its kind in the country.As part of the event, Mayor Walsh announced an expanded pilot between John Hancock andEVERFIthat allows Boston students from summer job programs outside of the MLK Scholars Program access to the same financial education curriculum. Through this pilot, all students in the Boston Summer Jobs Program will gain the skills to help them manage their finances and achieve their goals. John Hancock has committed to a three year expansion partnership and will work closely with the City of Boston and other summer job providers to give EVERFI access to participants each year.""I am proud of the work the City of Boston is doing to support our youth through the Summer Jobs Program,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By providing a student with a job we are doing more than giving them a paycheck, we are matching our youth to meaningful employment opportunities that will equip them with the tools and skills needed for long lasting future success.""To ensure every youth receives the support they need to succeed now and in the future, the Walsh Administration, through its partnerships with Bank of America, Mass Mentoring Partnership, and Bunker Hill Community College will provide youth additional resources and training to enhance their experience in the Mayor's Summer Youth Jobs Program.Additionally, through a partnership with Commonwealth Corporation, youth that self-identify as homeless, being in foster care, court or gang involved, DYS-committed or having experienced juvenile arrest or probation, experiencing poor academic performance, a child of a single parent, having a disability or special needs, lack of fluency in English or being a foreign immigrant, or being a teen parent will be able to participate in the Signal Success Program, a 15 hour career and skill development to set up youth for success during and after the completion of the Mayor's Summer Youth Jobs Program.""We are thrilled to be partnering with John Hancock on expanding access to EVERFI tools. It is a true melding of missions, bringing together the necessary passion, resources, and networks to drive our joint mission to build financial capability forward,"" said EVERFI Co-Founder and President, Ray Martinez. ""John Hancock has taken the long-view, and their three-year commitment underscores the impact the MLK Scholars program, and others like it, will have in improving financial access in the communities they serve.""""Meaningful work experience builds long-term, positive financial behaviors, skills, and confidence,"" said John Hancock President and CEO, Marianne Harrison. ""Economic empowerment and financial knowledge is critical for young people, and, for too many, these aren't accessible. A primary goal of the MLK Scholars Program is to level the playing field, because we are all strengthened when young people have access to career readiness opportunities.""In collaboration with the City of Boston, Boston University, Partners HealthCare, and The Boston Globe, MLK Scholars employs youth for approximately 20-25 hours a week in 65 Boston not-for-profit organizations. John Hancock provides youth salaries to all participants, exposing them to community-based work with substantive economic support.The City of Boston and the Boston Private Industry Council have worked to organize private sector employers, from the region's leading companies to neighborhood small businesses to provide Boston youth with summer job opportunities for the Mayor's Summer Jobs Initiative. Urban teens develop positive work habits, including but are not limited to the habits of paid work opportunities, attendance and punctuality, speaking and listening, accepting direction and criticism, and problem solving and taking initiative. Through this program, Mayor Walsh aims to tackle Boston's most pressing community priorities today, and at the same time, addresses employer needs by preparing a skilled and motivated workforce for the very near future.John Hancock is a division of Manulife Financial Corporation, a leading international financial services group that helps people make their decisions easier and lives better. We operate primarily as John Hancock in the United States, and Manulife elsewhere. We provide financial advice, insurance and wealth and asset management solutions for individuals, groups and institutions. Assets under management and administration by Manulife and its subsidiaries were over $1.1 trillion (US$850 billion) as of March 31, 2018. Manulife Financial Corporation trades as MFC on the TSX, NYSE, and PSE, and under 945 on the SEHK. Manulife can be found atmanulife.com.One of the largest life insurers in the United States, John Hancock supports approximately 10.7 millionAmericans with a broad range of financial products, includinglife insurance,annuities,investments,401(k) plans, andcollege savings plans.We also offer advice through Signator, a network of independentfinancial advisors. Additional information about John Hancock may be found atjohnhancock.com.EVERFI is the leading education technology company that provides learners of all ages education for the real world through innovative and scalable digital learning. EVERFI powers community focused financial education for 750 financial institutions across the country. Founded in 2008, EVERFI is fueled by its Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) subscription model and has certified over 20 million learners in critical skill areas. Some of America's leading CEOs and venture capital firms are EVERFI investors including Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos, Google Chairman Eric Schmidt, Twitter founder Evan Williams, TPG Growth, The Rise Fund, Advance Publications, and Rethink Education, and Rethink Impact. The EVERFI Education Network powers more than 3,700 partners in their education initiatives across all 50 states and Canada. Learn more ateverfi.com."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from 959 Dot LLCto demolish two single-story commercial buildings at 951-959A Dorchester Avenue in Dorchester, MA 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 23, 2018.
The building that supports a portion of the siteis really taking shape and moving along nicely. All of the frame work and scaffolding has come down and the beautiful board form concrete is much easier to see.Work on the building will continue over the next month and will wrap up this summer.Duringtheconstructionportion of this project, the Climate Ready Boston Report was released. The information provided in this report raises the flood elevation. Theparkwas designed using previously released flood elevations. Due to this, design and engineering work needed to be completed to make sure that theparktook into consideration this information and planned for future resiliency. This created the need to shift some of the focus ofconstructiononto the design aspect of the work. What was important to us was that the resiliency worked with the current design in order to still provide theparkdesign promised to the community while making theParkmore resilient.Work has been happening both on site and off site towards theconstructionof theMartin'sPark. The contractor is lucky enough to have a lay down yard close to the site for material storage and site work. Many tasks are taking place in that location that are not visible to people looking in onparkconstruction. We want to make sure that you are all aware of these important elements of theconstructionas well. Sample panels, walls, etc. are all being prepared and produced off site in order to save precious space on a smallconstructionsite. Playground equipment is also being delivered and stored until installation. Almost all play equipment (including the boat) have been received by the contractor.In addition, important work outside of theconstructionsite is happening towards theparkincluding tree tagging and stone selection at quarries. All of these items make take contractors away from the site from time to time, however work is still continuing on the project.As the building itself is getting closer to completion and a significant amount of underground work comes to a close, you will begin to see more and more work above the ground and be able to watch theparkcome together over the next several months.Here is what to look for in the next two to three weeks:Our anticipatedconstructioncompletion is late fall. If this changes we will provide updates.
Mark your calendar and bring your friends and family to a fun and free Neighborhood Block Party!Select Thursday nights in July and August from 5 - 7 p.m., the BCYF Neighborhood Block Parties will offer a variety of free activities including music, a cookout, snow cones, activities, swimming (as indicated below), and resource tables from many City of Boston departments. These departments will have lots of great information to share and giveaways.This summers schedule is as follows:BCYF Condon Community Center, 200 D Street (swimming)BCYF Hennigan Community Center, 200 Heath Street(swimming)BCYF Blackstone Community Center, 50 West Brookline Street(swimming)BCYF Menino Community Center, 125 Brookway RoadIn the case of rain or other weather issues, please check BCYFs social media pages (@BCYFCenters) for updates. The Block Parties are generously supported by the Foundation for BCYF.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program, the GIRLS Initiative, Camp Joy special needs program and many aquatic offerings.
A Bastille Day celebration taking place this weekend will impact traffic and parking on Marlborough Street in the City of Boston. People coming into the City for the event are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Blue Bikes, the regional bike-share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around BostonMarlborough Street, between Berkeley Street and Clarendon Street, will be closed to traffic from 7:00 AM on Friday, July 13, through 7:00 AM on Saturday, July 14.In addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday temporary parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
The majority of the content we publish on Boston.gov is there to help you accomplish something. We also have specific pages that we refer to as how-to guides for situations that require a specific set of instructions, such as How to pay a parking ticket (a crowd pleaser). The truth is, though, that if we dont present those instructions in a helpful and effective way, well then we havent accomplished much! Were always looking to get better at the Digital Team. Whether its improving digital communications or building better online tools, were interested in creating a more engaging experience for our users that improves over time.While weve done some user testing in the past, we dont have anyone on our staff who is solely focused on user experience just yet. Thats why we jumped at the chance to work with a team of students from General Assembly on a user experience project. The blog post below was written by the students about their findings.After first meeting with the Digital Team, we explored a few different options for our potential project. In the end, we decided to focus on Boston.govs how-to pages. Given its high traffic, we redesigned How to pay a parking ticket.We were determined to converse with and test variations with a variety of people, because our target user could literally be anyone. By the end of our project, we ran 59 usability tests in total, split between the current site and our redesign. Thanks to our efforts, we were able to gain insights that could apply across all pages on Boston.gov. This focus on iterative testing led us to a design that we were confident would be more usable for people using Boston.gov for their tasks.When it comes to civic tech, there is not a specific persona. We could stand in the middle of Boston Common pointing at anyone who walked by, and every single one of those people could be our user. So, we decided to create a design that would benefit everyone. By designing for accessibility, our approach was simple.If we explicitly targeted people who struggle the most with the site, we could design something that everyone could use.In our research, we worked with Little Brothers Boston, the Legal Services Center, and Tech Goes Home. They helped us reach crucial populations that are often technologically disenfranchised.We only had three weeks to work on our project, so we used past research and analysis on Boston.gov to ground ourselves. We didnt want to waste any time discovering issues that were already known, and findings that were already found.The first step was to hold some informal conversations with people in the field. We went to City Hall to figure out why these folks were paying their parking tickets and completing other tasks in person, rather than doing them online.There were two types of people that we ran into at City Hall:We analyzed the How to pay a parking ticket page with 15 different people, giving participants two tasks.People werent having trouble finding the How to Pay a Parking Ticket page, but they were having trouble navigating the page itself. The information is all there, but people were just not seeing what they needed to see to accomplish their goals without mistakes and errors. One cause of this was a behavior? Scanning.According to Nielsen Norman studies, 79 percent of people scan when reading on the web. Only 16 percent read word-for-word.Most people are scanning a sites content instead of actually reading it. With that tendency, people are bound to miss important information and make mistakes. But, we also found that the general design of the page was creating issues for people. The way information and contact details are displayed, along with the location and placement of tabs, created issues for people.After we nailed down the problem, it was time to ideate and brainstorm the solution. Through this process, we came up with rough sketches of accordions and buttons to test:We user tested these new designs with 15 different people, giving them the task of paying a parking ticket online on both prototypes. At the end of each, we asked them which one they thought was easier to use, kind of as an informal A/B test.Our accordions layout was overwhelmingly easier to use than buttons in our tests. Users appreciated accordions because it made them feel like they knew their options better. The accordions laid out information in a vertical way that made them make a choice in order to start their task. We digitized the design, and then tested that with 29 new participants.We found five places on the page where changes would have a big impact:We took the subtitle you have four options to pay the fine out of the big blue header. It just wasnt being seen by users.We turned tabs into accordions. They werent being seen by users or functioning in an efficient way to display the options.We put information necessary for the task  such as payment methods accepted  in more relevant locations.We moved the contact information to the bottom of the page. We also added a heading above it that says, Still need help?We moved this section from the bottom of the page to the right hand column above the fold. We wanted to encourage users to explore the rest of Boston.govs helpful content.
Our redesigned version of the parking ticket page.
Im like everybody else. I dont read the directions.Comment from a user during our researchBoston.gov already does a good job with digestible information, and all the information people need to know is actually all there. But, our initial usability tests on the original site showed users were still scanning and missing the important information. This is a larger issue that is not specific to Boston.gov visitors, but we still needed to find some kind of way to address it.To tackle the scanning issue, we leaned on progressive disclosure. What is progressive disclosure? Nielsen Norman explains its as placing rarely used features or secondary information to a secondary screen. This makes applications easier to learn and less prone to errors.By displaying tabs as accordions, we redistribute the information to be hidden from users until they are ready to see it. Accordions forced users to slow down, reduce scanning, and read what was in front of them.Its been uncovered through eye tracking studies that users often scan in the shape of an F. Though we didnt have eye tracking capabilities, we matched up the general F-shape with the words users were reading aloud, and the path their mouse moved in some cases. We found some areas where users could be missing information on the current site:Users eyes might not travel to those sections unless they absolutely have to. By that time, they might be fatigued, which makes readability worse. When the full page was presented to users, they were most likely seeing something like this:Even though the F-shape was a problem, it helped direct us during our layout and visual and information hierarchy exercises. We used this F-shape to combat the problem of scanning and users missing information.Accordions disrupted the F-shape, and broke up the walls of text that cause users to scan in that shape. With accordions, users werent as overwhelmed by a full page of text. Using the F-shape, we plucked the instructional subtitle out of the blue header. We put it as the first piece of content, above the accordions and left-aligned, so it matches up with the F-shape as the first thing to be seen.We also used the F-shape and point of need as guidance for our relocation of the contact information. We put it at the bottom of the page and at the very bottom of the F-shape, under the heading, Still need help? This location and language combination helped empower our users. They were able to take care of their tasks and transactions without having to use that contact information. That language tells users that everything they need is right there on the page, they just need to look.Users subconsciously look past anything on a page that resembles, is close in proximity to, or appears in locations traditionally dedicated to ads or big decorative photos. This means users often skip right over headers and big images at the top of the page. So, anything inside the blue box at the top of the page  such as the tabs or instructions  is likely to be missed. Our first round of testing on the current site validated this behavior was present and consistent.To address this banner blindness, we focused on the point of need. The point of need is the moment when a specific piece of information is required to continue or finish a task. In our design, we studied the paths users took and sections they visited to pay a parking ticket. We tried to put information in those areas, so that when they land there, they have the information they need right away.Accordions gave users choice and simplicity. By making them click on a specific accordion, they are given the information they need at the time they need it.General Assembly offers accelerated courses for in-demand skills in tech. The students we worked with were part of the Spring 2018 User Experience Design Immersive. Their work on the format of our how-to pages was a final project that they completed over three weeks. We are incredibly grateful for their participation with us, professionalism, and actionable findings. The students who took part in the project were Michael Greig, Cassie Hebert, Amanda Reiter, and Billy Valvo.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from David Masseto demolish the single-family house at 121 Addison Street in East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 20, 2018.
Last month, I had the opportunity to meet with staff from the Office for Civil Rights (OCR), a division of the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services (HHS).OCR is the federal agency that is responsible for enforcing the nondiscrimination requirements of Section 504 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and Title II of the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). Although they are a federal agency, they have a local office in the JFK Federal Building in Government Center, very close to my office in Boston City Hall. In many ways, OCR is my counterpart on the national level.During our meeting, we discussed ways that we may be able to work together to ensure that persons with disabilities in Boston are receiving equitable access to government services and resources on the city, state, and national level. Many issues of concern to the disability community cross between these jurisdictions, including housing, transportation, and health insurance (Medicaid, in particular).In order to ensure disability equity in these areas of importance, we would like to develop a collaborative, multi-faceted approach that involves outreach, education, training, and collaborating on programs and policies. Were also planning to connect OCR with the Citys Chief of Health of Human Services and other departments in the City HHS Cabinet.Our first step will be to help raise awareness about OCRs presence in Boston and the services they have to offer to people in the local disability community. To begin, I have invited their staff to host a table at our annual ADA Day Celebration this year on July 24, from 12 noon - 2 p.m. on Boston City Hall Plaza. The ADA is a landmark legislation that prevents discrimination against individuals with disabilities in employment, state and local government, transportation, and places of public accommodation.On that note, I want to extend an open invitation for everybody to come out to our ADA Day event this year! This annual celebration is completely free, and its a great time for children, families, & individuals of all abilities. The general public is invited for food, music, t-shirts, and fun! There will also be a resource fair with information on various disability agencies and organizations. You can drop by OCRs table to pick up some information about their work on preventing discrimination on the basis of disability. So please come out and join us on July 24I look forward to seeing you all there!
"Building on Mayor Walsh's commitment to providing meaningful employment opportunities to Boston's youth, Mayor Martin J. Walsh this week is celebrating the first week of theMayor's Summer Youth Jobs Program, which over the course of the summer will employ over 3,000 young people.""One of the most valuable investments we can make as a city is in our children, and providing them with every opportunity to learn and build their skills early on,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Youth Summer Jobs Program is a critical program that is a reflection of our priorities and our commitment to ensuring that Boston's youth stay ahead and are equipped with the tools and confidence to succeed in their future careers.""The Mayor's Summer Jobs Program works to empower youth by connecting them to jobs that provide mentorship and guidance, and promote skill building and networking opportunities that create lasting professional pathways to success. Summer opportunities include paid positions with Zoo New England, radio stations, Boston municipal government departments and more. Individuals hired through the program will have the opportunity to work as tutors, mentors, and counselors at many summer day programs.""The Mayor's Summer Youth Jobs Program is an invaluable program that aims to empower, uplift, and position youth for long lasting success,"" said Chief of Health and Human Services, Marty Martinez. ""Youth participating in the program receive mentorship and guidance and critical skill building in safe and trusted spaces, giving youth the tools needed to thrive in their future endeavors.""""Youth summer jobs are a pivotal opportunity for young people to explore their potential career interests, while expanding leadership and accountability qualities in preparation of future career and educational endeavors"" said Rashad Cope, Director of the Division of Youth Engagement & Employment for the City of Boston. ""Mayor Walsh and the Division of Youth Engagement & Employment believe in our young people and the City of Boston's continued investment in youth summer jobs paves the way for Boston's emerging workforce.""Last summer 3,015 young people were employed through the Mayor's Summer Jobs Program at over 100 community-based organizations. The program also includes a school year jobs program which hires over 500 youth each year.""This is my first job, and it's giving me experience in communication so that I can benefit in the future,"" said Alex Tieu, a sophomore at Josiah Quincy Upper School, who works at BCYF's Youth Engagement & Employment office helping youth obtain employment. ""It's important for me to work so I can increase my professional development. And I hope while working with YEE, I can help other young people who are also just starting their first job.""As part of the Mayor's Summer Youth Jobs Program - the Mayor's Office of Health & Human Services will work to complement the core Jobs Program and further support youth by launching a series of five additional youth-focused initiatives. The initiatives will focus on building healthy peer relationships and domestic violence awareness, supervisor training focused on building and strengthening youth-adult relationships, entering youth into a Learn and Earn College Credit three hour course, and a community focused financial literacy education.Additionally, through a partnership with Commonwealth Corporation, youth that self-identify as homeless, being in foster care, court or gang involved, DYS-committed or having experienced juvenile arrest or probation, experiencing poor academic performance, a child of a single parent, having a disability or special needs, lack of fluency in English or being a foreign immigrant, or being a teen parent will be able to participate in the Signal Success Program, a 15 hour career and skill development to set up youth for success during and after the completion of the Mayor's Summer Youth Jobs Program.Boston youth were able to apply for a summer job online 24 hours a day for over a month through the SuccessLink portal. The selected youth were chosen for a position through a combination of a lottery process or workplace selection.Boston is a leader in youth employment across the nation with a focus on offering meaningful employment opportunities to young people ages 15-18. Mayor Walsh has made youth summer employment a priority for his Administration, pledging to place 10,000 Boston youth in meaningful summer employment through partnerships with other youth employment agencies and local businesses. In the fiscal year 2019 budget, Mayor Walsh allocated over $5 million to fund youth jobs through the Department of Youth Engagement & Employment. In addition, Mayor Walsh has encouraged private employers to hire Boston youth for the summer.This Friday, he will join representatives from John Hancock for a celebration of their MLK Scholar's program, which last year employed 650 scholars at 65 nonprofit sites.For more information on the Mayor's Summer Jobs program, pleasevisit here.###"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh todayfiled a citywide ordinanceupdating Boston's Jobs and Living Wage Ordinance, to ensure that any City contracts for custodial and building security services guarantee that workers are paid the prevailing wage rate and have strong job protections. It also expands the number of workers eligible from only larger contracts to all contracts in city-owned buildings.""Providing family-sustaining wages and good benefits to workers is beneficial for working Bostonians and their families, Boston neighborhoods, and the local economy,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud that we are leading by example in lifting up workers who provide critical services to our city and oftentimes go unrecognized for their important contributions.""The proposed ordinance includes strong job protections by requiring that new vendors extend employment opportunities to workers who served under a previous contract, which will provide stability for workers and efficiency for city services.""We applaud Mayor Walsh for introducing a prevailing wage that would cover publicly contracted security officers and cleaners in Boston,"" said Roxana Rivera, Vice President of 32BJ SEIU. ""By proposing a wage at which officers and cleaners can support themselves and provide for their families, Mayor Walsh is demonstrating a serious commitment to sustaining high quality security and cleaning services at Boston's public buildings, to supporting a crucial sector of our public workforce, and to setting a standard for employers to follow in this vital profession.""Over 20 years ago, Boston was one of the first cities in the country to pass a living wage ordinance to ensure that City resources were used in a way that would promote the financial well-being of workers who were employed under City contracts. Mayor Walsh's proposal today continues that strong legacy of leading by example to lift workers and their families up and building our middle class.Building service workers contracted for state-owned buildings are guaranteed a state prevailing wage rate of $14.85 - $20 per hour, with an additional $6.06 - $6.70 in health and pension benefits through 2020, but are only guaranteed Boston's Living Wage rate ($14.82 per hour as of July 1) under City contracts.""This could dramatically change so many people's lives,"" said Sarah Schwartz, a security officer at the Boston Public Library, one of the many locations that would be impacted by the prevailing wage proposal. ""Knowing that we are guaranteed a living wage and health care when the contract for our building is out to bid would make it easier to plan for the future, and it would help decrease turnover at many currently low-wage buildings.""Today's ordinance supports the City's work underway to reduce income inequality in Boston by lifting up workers, supporting the middle class and diversifying the talent pipeline. To accomplish this, Mayor Walsh is leading by example by committing to train and place Boston residents and Boston Public Schools graduates in good paying city jobs through a program specific to municipal work,City Academy.This program supports the goal ofBoston Hires, a program aimed at getting 20,000 low-income Boston residents trained and placed in good-paying jobs by 2022.Consistent with the city's existing Living Wage Ordinance, this proposed ordinance will be enforced by the Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD), which is responsible for investigating complaints of noncompliance. Covered building service vendors will be required to proactively file certified payroll reports annually with the City, which OWD will analyze if a complaint is made about a possible violation of this ordinance.About the Living Wage Ordinance:Since 1997, the Boston Jobs and Living Wage Ordinance (LWO) has served to create and retain livable wages in the City of Boston. This ordinance requires that all employees working on sizable city contracts earn an hourly wage that is sufficient for a family of four to live at or above the federal poverty level. This wage amount, called the living wage, is recalculated every year and is currently set at $14.82/hour. The Mayor's Office of Workforce Development Wage Theft & Living Wage Division upholds the Living Wage Ordinance by:Making regular site visits to contractors subject to the LWOHelping city contractors come into compliance with the LWOEducating workers on their rights under the LWOInvestigating complaints of LWO violations###"
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is pleased to bring back the annual BCYF Fun Stops, offering free and dailydrop-in activities at five locations in Boston through August 17.Children ages 8-14 are welcome to stop in and enjoy a variety of structured activities. including board games, sports, arts and crafts, and more from 12 p.m. (noon) to 5 p.m.* each weekday. No pre-registration is required, however, parents must fill out a brief waiver form that contains the necessary emergency contact information, as well as allows youth to swim during scheduled times at the Fun Stop pool locations. Each Fun Stop is open on a first-come, first-serve basis, and is limited to 50 youth per day. Many of the Fun Stops are able to provide lunch through the Summer Food Service Program, but please confirm with the site. Fun Stops begin on July 9 and will continue through Friday, August 18.The Fun Stops are hosted in parks or open spaces adjacent to or near a BCYF community center. For more about the Fun Stops, contact the host community center listed below or visit Boston.Gov/BCYF:BCYF Blackstone Community Center50 West Brookline Street, South End, 617-635-5162BCYF Leahy-Holloran Community Center at McMorrow Field* operates from 2 - 8 p.m.Neponset Avenue, Dorchester, 617-635-5150BCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center5 Mildred Avenue, Mattapan, 617-635-1328BCYF Nazzaro Community Center at Puopolo Park475 Commercial Street, North End, 617-635-1276BCYF Paris Street Community Center at Paris Street Park113 Paris Street, East Boston, 617-635-5125/1410Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program, the GIRLS Initiative, Camp Joy special needs program and many aquatic offerings. 
"The Boston Public Library and the Mayors Office of Arts andCulture launched a Love Letter to a Library public art collaboration today with a banner display at the Central Library. The banner displays will continue throughout the BPL system. The text of the banners, ""I Remember Everything You Taught Me Here,"" is intended to encourage viewers to engage with libraries as sites of learning, discourse, and memory. Steve Locke is the project creator and a City of Boston Artist-in-Residence.Libraries always evoke early, fond memories of reading and discovery, and we invite patrons and visitors to share their experiences, old or new, with us through this project. Libraries continue to remain a core civic and cultural resource with traditional and innovative programs, offerings, and services, said David Leonard, Boston Public Library President.From the time I came to Boston back in 1980, the library, particularly the McKim Building, was a place of discovery, refuge, and solace. There, I learned about Sargent, met Andy Warhol, fell in love, and mourned loved ones. As I moved to various Boston neighborhoods, the branch libraries have allowed me to learn about my community and about myself as an artist and as a citizen. This project is my way of saying thank you - to the library and its people for what they do for people like me every day, said Steve Locke, City of Boston Artist-in-Residence.Memory books will be available for patrons to record library memories at the main reference desk of each installation library and at the Information Desk in the McKim building at the Central Library. Postcards explaining the project will be made available to take and use, and patrons are also encouraged to share their memories via social media using the hashtags #bplMemories and #BostonAIR.This project, through the Boston AIR program, will shine a light on the formative role libraries can play in our lives as centers of learning and culture, said Kara Elliott-Ortega, interim Chief of Arts and Culture. Were excited to see how this project inspires people to reflect on those experiences and connect to their local branches.The schedule for the banner installations is as follows:July October  Central Library in Copley SquareAugust Adams Street, Charlestown, South Boston, Hyde Park branchesSeptember Lower Mills, West Roxbury, Honan-Allston, West End branchesOctober Codman Square, Egleston, Brighton, Fields Corner branchesSteve Locke is a Boston-based visual artist, raised in Detroit, Michigan. He received a B.S. in 1984 from Boston University, a B.F.A. in 1997, and an M.F.A. in 2001 from the Massachusetts College of Art and Design. He attended the Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture in 2002. He has received grants from The Pollock-Krasner Foundation, The Louis Comfort Tiffany Foundation, The Art Matters Foundation, and the LEF Foundation Contemporary Work Fund Grant. His solo exhibition, ""there is no one left to blame,"" was curated by Helen Molesworth for the Institute of Contemporary Art, Boston. His practice is rooted in portraiture, language, and the discursive power of nature. Currently a tenured professor at Massachusetts College of Art and Design, Locke has been included in group shows all over the world, and his work is in the collections of the Leslie-Lohman Museum of Gay and Lesbian Art and the Museum of Contemporary Art Detroit.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include implementing the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates commissioning public art, managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester.Boston AIR is the City of Bostons first artist residency program. Through AIR, artists research the city policies, processes, and practices that impact our communities. Working with subject matter experts through the City and constituents through community centers and other partners, they each have one year to develop civic practice art projects. Together, the artists are exploring Boston's systems, applying a lens of resilience and racial equity, and investigating the question, ""can artists change the City?""Boston Public Library provides educational, cultural and civic enrichment, free to all, for the residents of Boston, Massachusetts and beyond, through its collections, services, programs, and spaces. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library is a pioneer of public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. As a City of Boston historic cultural institution, Boston Public Library today features a Central Library, twenty-five branches, a map center, business library, archival center extensive special collections of rare books, manuscripts, photographs, and prints and rich digital content and online services. The award-winning renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, completed in 2016, together with new, renovated and historic branches, provide a transformed library system for the next generation of users. Boston Public Library enriches lives, hosting thousands of free educational programs and exhibitions, and provides free library services online and in-person to millions of people each year."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that as part of his commitment to investing in projects that are important to each neighborhood, an additional $400,000 in new funding for the South End Library has been secured and is included in the Imagine Boston Capital Plan (Fiscal Year 2019 - Fiscal Year 2023). Altogether in the Capital Plan, $500,000 in new funding will be allocated for the South End Library, in addition to the $132,000 previously allocated for improvements that include an interior reconfiguration project.""The South End library is a very important asset to the neighborhood, and I am proud that we are investing in its future for our residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""In this year's Capital Plan, we are designating both initial funding for a study that will help determine the scope and scale of any future investments, while also proactively preparing for the next steps that will follow that study. I have made it very clear that I am fully committed to seeing this important project through, and I look forward to working together with the community in planning are preparing for the new future of the South End library.""The investment includes $100,000 in FY19 for a critical facility assessment that will review neighborhood goals and develop an updated building program that reflects BPL's strategic vision for supporting the future needs of the neighborhood. The additional $400,000 is allocated in future fiscal years (FY20-23) for additional interior improvements based on the results of the facility assessment.I consider myself lucky to live in a city where its mayor is committed to making unprecedented financial investments in public libraries and, by extension, the economic health of neighborhoods. In the South End, that means investing in the educational and social well-being of one of the most racially and economically diverse communities in Boston, said Marleen Nienhuis, President of Friends of South End Library. Combined with the Friends of the South End Librarys private fundraising, this public investment will greatly improve the delivery of important Boston Public Library services and top-notch programming for the South End. The librarys newly created seating, browsing, meeting and reading spaces will make the branch a shining example of what an engaged Friends group, supported by its elected officials, can do for what is indisputably the South Ends most important civic space which, best of all, is free to all. Todays announcement builds on Mayor Walshs commitment to bring all libraries into the 21st century and provide every neighborhood with a civic center for residents to learn, spend time and interact with each other, we are investing in the design process that will community. As part of his Imagine Boston 2030 Capital Plan, Mayor Walsh is designating $128 million over the next five years for investments in library branches across the city. For more information on the Imagine Boston Capital Plan, please visit Budget.Boston.Gov. To follow the progress of other Boston Public Library projects, visit www.bpl.org/branchcapitalprojects.###"
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with the Boston Cultural Council, today announced over $31,800 has been awarded to 33 grantees in the third round of Opportunity Fund grants for 2018.The 33 individuals awarded grants in this round of the Opportunity Fund represent a diverse array of artistic fields and neighborhoods, said Mayor Walsh. Its great to see the City of Boston investing in artists of all backgrounds and levels of experience, and I look forward to seeing the exceptional artwork that is produced as a result of this grant.The Opportunity Fund was launched in August 2016 with the goal of supporting individual artists in activities that help them share their work with the public, teach others, continue their professional development and hone their skills. Through the Opportunity Fund, artists and educators are provided grants of up to $1,000 for meaningful, one-time opportunities.The Opportunity Fund reopened in October 2017 with double the amount of funding and a modified structure including grants that are separated into five different categories, a rolling deadline for applications and new guidelines to help focus investment on artists of limited means and in communities with less access to cultural events or art-making. Including the latest round of funding, the Opportunity Fund has helped support 223 artists.Below is a sampling of the grantees selected for the third round of the 2018 Opportunity Fund:This investment by the City of Boston in the work of local artists is a huge boost of support for each of us involved, said Opportunity Fund grantee Gordon Williams. I was able to experience my first artist residency, which entailed connecting with artists from around the globe, exploring new methods of processing recorded sounds and completing a 25-minute long composition. The music that I wrote for a collaboration with choreographer Kelley Donovan will be presented on July 14th at OnStage Dance Company studio in Malden.Artists are a key part of our arts ecosystem, said Kara Elliott-Ortega, interim Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. Through the Opportunity Fund we not only support the careers of individual artists, but also bring more arts opportunities to neighborhoods across Boston.Applications for the Opportunity Fund are accepted on a rolling basis, and the review deadline for the next round of the Opportunity Fund is August 30, 2018. Artists and organizations can apply online.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh recently joined the City of Boston Scholarship Committee in awarding 30 Boston students $2,500 scholarships to help fund their higher education. Over 120 students currently receive an annual scholarship of $2,500 through the fund for the duration of their undergraduate education. In total, the fund will distribute over $300,000 in scholarships this year, making college more accessible for Boston residents.""In Boston, we believe that access to a quality education is a right, not a privilege,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""No dollar amount should come between a student and their dreams and that is why I am proud to award our future leaders with the funds to continue their education."" The City of Boston Scholarship Fund was established in 1992 to provide assistance to residents who plan to pursue a two- or four-year undergraduate program in Massachusetts. Applicants must be residents of Boston and must have graduated from high school by the time the awards are made in June. The scholarship program, which operates under the authority of a Scholarship Committee, is managed by the Mayor's Education Cabinet.""I would like to extend a huge thank you to the City of Boston Scholarship Committee for their generosity. I promise to work hard to prove myself worthy of this opportunity you have given me,"" said Juliana Vasquez, recipient of the Community Development Scholarship. ""I look forward to the day I am able to help other City of Boston students just as you have helped me.""Funds for the scholarships are made possible from contributions made by residents and corporations. The City of Boston Scholarship Committee has awarded over 900 students scholarships since 1992. This year, Boston celebrated the sixteenth year of an endowed scholarship donated by the Rosen Family in memory of Jeffrey Dunipace Rosen and celebrated the third year of the Community Development Scholarship, established in remembrance of Mayor Thomas M. Menino, and a Community Spirit Scholarship in memory of former public servant and City of Boston Scholarship awardee, Dawn Jaffier.This year's scholarship awards strengthen the post-secondary access initiatives that Mayor Walsh has launched or supported over the last year, includingFree Community College Tuition,Boston Bridge,Boston Saves, and ongoing support activities for students through theSuccess Boston partnership.""Our goal is to write a social contract with Boston students that guarantees them an affordable post-secondary education,"" said Boston Chief of Education Rahn Dorsey. ""The improvements that the Mayor's Scholarship Committee continues to make to the program go a long way toward ensuring that the City is providing resources to a diverse set of young people from a broad array of high schools and to adults continuing their higher education pursuits. I want to thank the Committee, our partners at uAspire and Success Boston and the team at City Hall for their continued dedication to Boston's youth and adult learners.""Residents who fit the criteria are encouraged to participate in the 2019-2020 application process, which will begin in January 2019. For more information on the City of Boston Scholarship,visitBoston.govor send a note tocobscholarship@boston.gov.###"
Special events taking place from Friday, July 6, through Sunday, July 8, will impact traffic and parking on streets in the City of Boston. People coming into the City to enjoy the festivities are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Blue Bikes, the regional bike-share service, may be found at http://bluebikes.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. Walking is also a great way to move around BostonFriday, July 6The following temporary parking restrictions will be in effect to support the Luke Bryan concert at Fenway Park.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday 1:00PM to 11:59PMTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday 1:00PM to 11:59PMTow Zone No Parking Reserved for HP-DV Parking Only FridaySaturday, July 7The following temporary traffic and parking restrictions will be in effect to support the Chinatown Main Street Festival in Chinatown.The streets below will be closed to traffic from 7:00AM to 6:00 PMTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event SaturdaySunday, July8The following temporary traffic and parking restrictions will be in effect to support Open Newbury Street in the Back Bay.The streets below will be closed to traffic from 10:00AM to 6:30PMNo Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday (Enforcement will begin at 5 AM)
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the City of Boston's Commission on Affairs of the Elderly today launched theirAge and Dementia-Friendly Business designation, a new pilot program that encourages local businesses to make their spaces and services more inclusive for people of all ages. Today's announcement was held at Local 338 Bagels and Coffee in West Roxbury, one of nine organizations that received the designation today, which includes certificates and decals to mark their business as Age and Dementia-Friendly.""In Boston, we are committed to making our city the most age-friendly city in America,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Part of that commitment requires us to be able to respond to the needs of our older residents to make sure they feel safe and supported in their community. Today as we celebrate the businesses who have committed to age-friendly customer service in their establishments, we are able to remark on all the progress made and accomplishments achieved in making Boston a better place for everyone to age well and live well.""Businesses who are eligible for the designation are ones that have taken steps such as ensuring they have respectful and patient staff, providing resting areas and non-slip flooring and using universal symbols, such as arrows. The nine other establishments receiving the designation include: Parkway Real Estate, Cryotherapy, West on Centre, Health Express, BCYF Roche Center, Human Harmonies, Milton Chiropractic and Bay State Physical Therapy, Recreo Coffee and Roasterie, and Parkway Hearing.To qualify for the designation, businesses had to meet certain criteria, which includes improvements that would benefit older residents, such as accessible bathrooms, wider aisles, menus with larger font sizes, and better lighting. These important accessibility improvements have been shared through resident feedback gathered as part of theAge-Friendly Boston Action Plan, the City's blueprint to make Boston the best city to live for older adultswithin three years.The Age and Dementia-Friendly Business designation is one of the action items included in the plan, which is marking its one year of completion through the newAge-Friendly Year 1 Achievements Reportwhich shares the successes made over the last year in making Boston an age-friendly city.Highlights of Year 1 Completed Action Items Include:""During the first year of the implementation process, I am very impressed by the dedication of the Elderly Commission staff and other City of Boston staff,"" said 66-year-old South End resident Roger Tepe, who is and advisory member of the Age-Friendly workgroup. ""Significant progress is already underway. I am very hopeful as a senior living in Boston about where the Age-Friendly Plan is heading.""""These accomplishments reflect the wisdom and input of community voices from all neighborhoods across the city,"" said Nora Moreno Cargie, president of Tufts Health Plan and vice president for corporate citizenship at Tufts Health Plan. ""Boston's commitment to making the city work for all residents will ensure vibrant, livable, accessible neighborhoods.""Jan Mutchler, Director of the Center for Social and Demographic Research on Aging at UMass Boston and Age-Friendly Boston partner, said, ""We are delighted with the progress made by the City during its first year carrying out the Age Friendly Boston Action Plan. The leadership in the City, and the partnerships established to make this initiative successfully, are impressive. UMass Boston Gerontology is proud to be an ongoing partner in this effort.In 2014, Mayor Walsh signed onto the World Health Organization's (WHO) network of Age-Friendly Cities, through their United States partner AARP, and launched the Age-Friendly Boston Initiative. Under Mayor Walsh's leadership, the Elderly Commission formed a partnership with UMass Boston Gerontology Institute, supported by a grant from the Tufts Health Plan Foundation, to conduct research based on the guidelines set forth by the WHO. Grounded in community feedback, the plan identifies recommendations and action items the City will take to enhance the quality of life for Boston's older adult residents.Developed in partnership with AARP, the Tufts Health Plan Foundation and UMass Boston, the 75 action items in the Action Plan were developed through 25 listening sessions, featuring engagement from over 4,000 older residents throughout Boston. The Action Plan is organized around eight key life domains, or main concerns.The complete Age-Friendly Boston Action Plan and Year 1 Achievements Report are available at:boston.gov/age-friendly.The guiding principle of an Age-Friendly society focuses on designing livable communities that promote good health, strong civic participation and clear communication. That means safe, walkable streets offering better housing and transportation options improving access to key services and providing opportunities to be socially engaged. It means sustaining economic growth and enabling happier, healthier residents.The Elderly Commission facilitates full and equal participation in all aspects of life by older adults in Boston. The commission is dedicated to improving the lives of Boston's older adults by connecting them with resources and information, and it is focused on setting the City's direction for successful aging in Boston."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Justin Krebsto demolish the demolish the structures at 3 Washington Street, 5 Washington Street,and 165 Corey Road in Brighton, MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 13, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Colm Dunphyto demolish the single-family home located at 8-10 Grimes Street in South Boston,MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 13, 2018.
"Vivians dedication to the Library and education is inspiring, said Associates Executive Director Louisa Stephens. She has worked incessantly for two decades to make the public aware and appreciative of the BPLs unique and irreplaceable, free educational resources: the Librarys Special Collections. As a tireless advocate of the Library, Vivians commitment has persuaded many others to follow suit. I am incredibly appreciative of her support and mentorship, and will miss her terribly.In acknowledgement of the impact of Spiro's chairmanship, the Associates plans to conserve etchings by Giovanni Battista Piranesi (17201778), one of the first, fundamental collections of works of art donated to the BPL's Print Department.Prior to joining the Associates Board in 1998, Spiro served as an Overseer of the Museum of Fine Arts, a member of the Events Committee of the Boston Athenaeum and Chairman of the Presidents Circle at Beth Israel Hospital. A former journalist and then owner-operator of a public relations firm specializing in medical and technical accounts, she later worked for Blackside Productions on ""Eyes on the Prize II,"" the award winning Civil Rights documentary. Spiro and her husband Lionel are residents of Beacon Hill.Im very pleased that the perfect candidate to succeed me has been chosen and unanimously voted in by the Associates Board, said Spiro. Though his sterling professional credentials and winning personality make him well suited to lead any organization, I believe that Peter Browns intellectual curiosity, commitment to preserving history, and respect for the written word will enable him to take the Associates to the next level. His innate sense of diplomacy and broad cultural bandwidth are also the very qualities a leader of our organization needs to positively engage many different constituencies in our work.Brown is a partner in Nutters Private Client Department, with a specialty in individual and family estate and tax planning and estate and trust administration. In addition to his more than thirty years practicing law, he is actively involved in Boston's cultural and philanthropic circles. He is trustee of the Brimmer and May School, where he also serves on the Development Committee, and a board member and officer of Moonbox Productions, Inc., a non-profit theater production company. A member of the Boston Bar Association and former chair of its Trusts and Estates Section, Brown is also former chair of the American Heart Association's Northeast Affiliate and Massachusetts Affiliate branches a former member and moderator of the Steering Committee of the Boston Probate and Estate Planning Forum and former chair and officer of the Massachusetts Chapter of the Arthritis Foundation. He is currently the treasurer and secretary of the Lincoln and Therese Filene Foundation and director, treasurer and secretary of the Helen and George Ladd Charitable Foundation. Peter and his wife Susan are residents of Waban, Massachusetts.Photographs:1) Vivian Spiro with David McCullough at her retirement party. (Photo credit: Louisa Stephens)2) Peter Brown, Board Chairman of the Associates of the Boston Public Library. (Photo courtesy of Nutter)"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the significant progress that has been made in the last two years in planning for the comprehensive redesign of the City Hall campus, and next steps in moving from planning towards implementation, as included in the final report of ""Rethink City Hall: Boston City Hall and Plaza Study."" As initial steps following the release of the final report, the City of Boston has selected Skanska as the Owner's Project Manager and is in the final stages of contract negotiations with Sasaki Architects for the Design Firm to move this project forward towards the next phase of design and construction.""As we prepare to celebrate Boston City Hall's 50th anniversary this summer, we are recommitting to our vision and moving forward with our plans to make City Hall the civic heart of our city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These improvements are not only necessary for the long-term viability of City Hall and the plaza, but are an important part of our plan to make these spaces a destination. I am proud of the significant progress we have made over the last several years towards this goal, and am excited to see our vision for these spaces come to life, which will serve us well for years to come.""The next phase of work will include infrastructure improvements to City Hall and the North side of City Hall Plaza, including the North entrance of City Hall, which has been closed to the public for approximately 17 years. These improvements will reopen this vital access point to the public, transactional places in City Hall, as well as improve overall accessibility to City Hall Plaza.The Plaza redesign will be driven by lessons learned through the City's partnership with the Boston Garden Development Corporation, as well as, through discussions with other event organizers that have used the space extensively in the past. The successful activation of Boston Seasons on City Hall Plaza, including Boston Winter and The Patios, has shown the potential for activating the space, while also underscoring the need for infrastructure improvements and system upgrades to successfully sustain events of all sizes. This includes work to improve accessibility and access to power, water and data to ensure long-term success and profitability for the city, event organizers and vendors.As a next step, the City will conduct a detailed survey this summer of plaza conditions, both above and below ground, combined with destructive infrastructure testing this fall, to prepare for construction that is expected to begin in 2019. While the resulting work will be contained to the North side of the plaza, it will impact large scale events on the plaza. The City will work with event organizers to alter their site plans, or provide options to relocate their events during this phase.The City is currently working with the Boston Garden Development Corporation on modifications to plans for Boston Seasons, which includes Boston Winter and The Patios, as part of their three year contract with the city to activate City Hall Plaza. The Patios, a local gathering spot with custom patio areas and a main pavilion, will remain open through the Fall of 2018, and Boston Winter will not operate this winter, as the city commences extensive destructive testing and prepares for construction in 2019.""We are proud of our on-going efforts and accomplishments in reimagining City Hall Plaza and making it a vibrant destination in collaboration with the City,"" said Amy Latimer, president of Boston Garden Development Corp. ""We are supportive of the City's plans and Mayor Walsh's long-term vision for this unique space. We will miss the opportunity to bring Boston Winter back for a third time, but are excited to continue The Patios.""The efforts to make City services more accessible, welcoming and efficient while ensuring the long-term viability of the plaza for activations build on Mayor Walsh's commitment to the future success of these valuable public amenities. As the City prepares for construction to begin on the plaza, significant renovations have been made in the interim.In July 2017, Mayor Walsh unveiledsignificant improvements made to City Hall's third floor lobby, the main entrance to City Hall, which included a new welcome desk, security enhancements, a coffee shop, an accessible and interactive self-service information kiosk capable of multiple language translations, new art installations and the replacement of interior lighting with energy-efficient LED lights. Prior to that, the City welcomed alocal, minority-owned coffee shop, Recreo,to Boston City Hall, a location they have held successfully for two years. In addition, the Mayor in 2016 unveiledBoston City Hall's architectural exterior lighting,a permanent fixture to highlight and enhance the building's original design while livening up City Hall Plaza with lights and increasing public safety. Under the leadership of Mayor Walsh, the City Council Chambers and women's restroom on the first floor of City Hall were renovated in 2017 to become fully ADA-compliant and accessible to all. In addition, construction is nearing completion to open-closed windows at the mezzanine level as a pilot project to allow for easier access by members of the public to obtain moving permits. This pilot will inform future projects intended to provide more thoughtful transactional area improvements that will provide for more clarity to the public when doing business with the City.These efforts all complement and follow the direction outlined in the final report of ""Rethink City Hall: Boston City Hall and Plaza Study, which will serve as a roadmap for operational and design improvements to lead the transformation of City Hall and the plaza into a space that welcomes visitors, works for constituents and inspires pride in its residents. For more information, please visitRethinkCityHall.org."
"The Boston School Committee tonight unanimously voted to approve Laura Perille as Interim Superintendent of the Boston Public Schools (BPS).Laura Perille previously served as the President & CEO of EdVestors, a school improvement nonprofit with the mission of increasing the number of schools in Boston delivering dramatically improved educational outcomes for all students. Since its launch in 2002 under Laura's leadership, EdVestors has raised and helped investors direct more than $26 million in funds for urban school improvement. With tonight's appointment, Laura has taken a leave of absence from this role.""There is no higher priority for us than the education of our students, and that is why it is so important to find the right person to continue moving our schools and our students forward during this transition,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am confident that we have found that person in Laura Perille. Laura has a proven record of being a strong partner and advocate for Boston's school system, has made significant gains in closing the opportunity and achievement gaps for students and is a proud BPS parent. I am proud to welcome her on board, and look forward to our work ahead to continue putting students on a pathway to success.""""The Boston School Committee has placed its trust and confidence in Laura Perille as Interim Superintendent of the Boston Public Schools, and we look forward to working closely with her to provide stability in the district, while engaging with our school communities and continuing key initiatives aimed at closing opportunity and achievement gaps in our schools,"" said Michael Loconto, Chair of Boston School Committee.""As someone who has dedicated my life's work to closing opportunity and achievement gaps, and delivering improved outcomes for students, I am honored and humbled to be named Interim Superintendent of the Boston Public Schools,"" said Laura Perille. ""The students of Boston deserve the very best education, and I am committed to doing all I can to support and strengthen both the operational functions of the school system and learning opportunities for students.""Laura has served on a number of civic committees appointed by the Mayor or School Committee in Boston, including the External Advisory Committee on School Choice (2012-13) charged with redesigning Boston's student assignment system the Education Transition Team for Mayor Walsh (2013-14) and the Superintendent Search Committee (2014-15) for Boston Public Schools. In 2016, Laura was presented with the national Arts Education Award from Americans for the Arts (AFTA) and was recently named to the Wales Education Commission and as an Honorary Professor of Practice at the University of Wales-Trinity Saint David.Laura's nonprofit management career has focused on meeting the needs of children and families in Boston. Prior to EdVestors, Laura led Perille Consulting Group, and previously served as Director of Education for Crittenton Hastings House, Policy Analyst for Community Catalyst/Families USA, and Director of Programs for the Greater Boston Food Bank. A graduate of Brown University, Laura and her family live in Boston, where her children attended and graduated from the Boston Public Schools."
With temperatures expected to reach or exceed 90 degrees for the next several days, Mayor Martin J. Walshannounced a heat emergency going into effect Saturdayin the City of Boston and declared the activation of Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Cooling Centers which will allow anyone to swim in one of the City's 17 pools, or cool off inside with air conditioning at a Cooling Center. You can find afull list of centers online.The Mayor issued the following heat safety tips for all members of the public:Children should always wear shoes on playgrounds because surfaces can become extremely hot and cause burns, even splash pads and spray decks.No outdoor fires are allowed in Boston, including fire pits, chimineas and bonfires.Charcoal grills must be on the ground and away from buildings. Keep in mind the wind and never leave unattended. When done, dispose of the ash in a metal container once completely out.Propane tank grills are only allowed on first floor porches with steps to the ground. Do not place propane tank grills near air conditioners or up against a building. Make sure all connections are tight and never carry propane tanks into a home.Grills should always be used in a well-ventilated area.If you are in a grassy or wooded area, apply a DEET containing repellent that will protect against mosquitoes AND ticks. Always check yourself, children and pets for ticks after returning indoors and remove attached ticks immediately using tweezers. Mosquito bites can spread West Nile virus (WNV) and Eastern Equine Encephalitis (EEE), while attached ticks can spread Lyme disease.Wear long sleeve shirts, long pants and socks to prevent mosquito bites. Limit your time outdoors between dusk and dawn when mosquitoes are most active and apply an approved mosquito repellent.To prevent mosquitoes from breeding, residents should limit places around the home where standing water can collect. People should turn over unused flower pots, buckets, wheelbarrows, and garbage cans remove leaves and other debris that can clog gutters and trap water dispose of or cover old tires and cover swimming pools when not in use.
Special events taking place as part of the City of Bostons annual July 4th celebration will require prohibiting vehicle traffic and restricting parking on select local streets in Boston. People coming into the City to enjoy the festivities are strongly encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Blue Bikes, the regional bike-share service, can be found on the Blue Bikes website. Information on the MBTAcanbe found online. Walking is also a great way to move around BostonTraffic and parking will be impacted on local streets in Boston as follows. The City of Bostons Police and Transportation Departments may make changes to this plan as necessary.In addition to state owned roadways in the area, due to the concert and fireworks at the Hatch Shell, the following local streets in the Back Bay will be closed to traffic in accordance with the following schedule.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday through WednesdayTow Zone No Stopping Tuesday & WednesdayTow Zone No Stopping WednesdayTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday through WednesdayThe Fourth of July Parade will begin at 9 AM on Wednesday, July 4, at City Hall Plaza. Traffic and parking in the vicinity of Government Center and Downtown will be impacted as follows.Leave City Hall Plaza, turn left onto Cambridge Street, continue onto Tremont Street, left onto Bromfield Street, left onto Washington Street, right onto Court Street, pausing at the Old State House, left onto Congress Street, to Faneuil Hall. During the pause at approximately 10 AM, a reading of the Declaration of Independence will take place from the balcony of the Old State House.It is anticipated that Congress Street, State Street and Devonshire Street at the Old state House will be closed to traffic while the reading is taking place.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Wednesday
Summer is in full swing, and it presents an excellent opportunity to get out and explore events within the community. Mental and physical health are both positively affected by regular scheduled outdoor activities, and there's no better time to plan them than now.Boston is a thriving city with lots to offer and much of it can be enjoyed for free! This month, we at the City of Boston Employee Assistance Program wanted to highlight different fun activities you can plan for yourself, friends, and family that can entertain and educate.We also want to encourage people to be safe this summer season. You can read ourprevious post that shared tips to keeping yourself and your family in good health.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Scott Oran with Dinosaur 1550 LLCto demolish the commercial structure located at 1550 Soldiers Field Road in Brighton,MA 02135.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 8, 2018.
The Boston Parks and Recreation Departments annual ParkARTS program, sponsored by Holly and David Bruce, is pleased to announce the return of its series of childrens arts workshops giving kids the opportunity to express their creativity while working on fun projects with local artists. From Allston to Mattapan, children ages three to ten can enjoy painting, mask and jewelry making, treasure creations, and more at the Artists in Residence Workshops held from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in parks across the city.Participation is free and all materials are provided, but young children must be accompanied by an adult. Groups of six or more must make prior arrangements by calling the Parks Department at 617-635-4505. Now in its 22ndyear, ParkARTS brings a wide range of cultural offerings to city parks.In addition, the New England Aquarium will bring its traveling tide pool exhibit to nine locations and the Marionette Puppet Show series will return in July and August at 11 a.m. at various childrens workshops. See Bostons parks come alive with these whimsical puppet shows that will delight the child in everyone. Experience the unique charm of Rosalitas Puppets featuring marionettes made by professional actor-puppeteer Charlotte Anne Dore.Children are invited to cool off this summer, listen to music, and play games and dance in our spray features at Splash Dance Parties in July and August at parks across Boston. Presented with support from Perfectly Free frozen treats and Hot 96.9.Artists in Residence Workshops dates and locations are as follows 10 a.m. to 1 p.m.:The New England Aquarium will be at the following locations at 10 a.m. to 12 p.m.:Rosalitas Puppets Marionette Performances are at 11 a.m. Dates and locations are as follows:Splash Dance Parties begin at 12 noon. Dates and locations are as follows:For information on this and other ParkARTS programs, please call the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at 617-635-4505, visit our website orfacebook.com/bostonparksdepartment, or follow @BostonParksDept.
Many members of the Digital Team and the Department of Innovation and Technology are active in the local tech community. However, we dont get a lot of chances to take part in something together as a group. So, we jumped at the chance to join Boston TechJam 2018.We brought most of our team to the event, as well as plenty of colored pencils, crayons, pens, markers, and cut outs of our Boston B logo. This hands on activity led to some really awesome conversations about design, user experience, and  of course  working in City government.
"The Fiscal Year 2019 (FY19) budget submitted by Mayor Martin J. Walsh today was unanimously approved by the Boston City Council, building on the Walsh Administration's record of presenting a balanced, sustainable and proactive budget investing in the needs of our growing city. The $3.29 billion recommended budget represents an increase of $139 million, or 4.4 percent, over the FY18 budget, and follows 28 City Council hearings that helped identify opportunities for further targeted investments and capture additional cost-savings. Mayor Walsh will sign the final budget once it reaches his desk.In this final budget, funding for city services, such as streets, parks, public health and public safety will grow by $43 million from FY18, including $12 million in new data-driven investments, and funding for the Boston Public Schools (BPS) will grow by $51 million.""This budget upholds our city's values and priorities, and is a reflection of our leadership position in growing a middle class through strong 21st century schools, good jobs and affordable homes in safe neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By investing in the strong foundation we've been able to achieve through strategic management of the city's finances, I am proud that with the support of the City Council, we are able to continue making record investments in advancing the prosperity of our city, our people and our collective future.""As part of Mayor Walsh's budget, he proposed to further invest in key initiatives, including:Expanding Universal Pre-Kindergartenfor over 80 new quality seats, as a result of continued advocacy at the state level that is expected to result in an increase from initial projections for Charter School reimbursementDoubling the Youth Development Grant Programto $500,000 to promote conflict resolution skills to musical training to athletic programming, all with a spotlight on self esteem promotion.New funding to support the Elder Nutrition Program, to meet the demand in preventing malnutrition for seniors and backfill declining state and federal resourcesNew city funded position at the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancementto work on the frontlines of supporting new Bostonians, and effectively engage and serve immigrant residents and their familiesNew mounted park rangerto better serve our city parks and complement the new ranger position, which is also part of the the FY19 budgetNew equity and inclusion stafffor the Office of Economic DevelopmentNew funding for workplace sensitivity trainingthat will support expanded training on racial and gender bias, sexual harassment and employee awareness.These additional investments are made possible as a result of debt service savings realized as a result of the city's recently renewed AAA bond rating. They are also made possible through continued advocacy at the State level that has resulted in additional Charter School Reimbursement and Chapter 70 funding included in the FY2019 House and Senate budgets.Additional investments included in the final budget that aim to affirm a commitment to progress, opportunity and innovation by investing in Boston's neighborhoods, include:Adding new public safety personnel and equipment, including police and 20 police cadets, EMTs and firefighters to keep our residents safe and to respond to the City's increase of new residents and commuters. In addition, $2 million has been allocated towards a phase-in of police body cameras, and investments in new fire engines, fire houses and new ambulances.Making a permanent establishment of Boston's Engagement Center, providing space for participants to connect with recovery support services and get connected with housing services offered by the City and partners.Allocating $5 million in new revenue towards transportation projectsby increasing certain parking fines that will effectively influence good driving practices and reduce congestion in high-traffic areas.Investing in the implementation of Community Choice Aggregationand single-use bags that will lower emissions, in addition to purchasing a deployable floodwall for the East Boston Greenway to help mitigate damage related to coastal storms.Doubling the size of the Department of Neighborhood Development down payment assistance programto $1 million, allowing dozens of middle-class families to access zero-interest loans to cover down payments.The final budget includes the adoption of a Boston Public Schools budget of $1.112 billion, representing a $3.5 million increase over the initial proposal of $1.109 billion, a $51 million increase over FY18, and marking the largest proposed BPS budget in the city's history. The BPS budget was approved by the City Council in a 12-1 vote today. With an increase to the projection of State Charter School Reimbursement revenue, funding will be directed towards expanding universal pre-kindergarten for over 80 new quality seats in FY19. The City of Boston's allocation to BPS has increased by $175 million, or 19 percent, over the past five years.Mayor Walsh's FY19 budget continues to invest in preserving and creating a strong middle class, and creating opportunities for all those who live in Boston. The FY19 budget supports Boston's long-term plan,Imagine Boston 2030.Imagine Boston 2030 is Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years aimed at guiding growth to support our dynamic economy and expand opportunity for all residents. The plan prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the City. Shaped by the input of 15,000 residents who contributed their thoughts to the plan, Imagine Boston 2030 identifies five action areas to guide Boston's growth, enhancement and preservation, and is paired with a set of metrics that will evaluate progress and successes. To learn more visit,imagine.boston.gov.For more information about the budget,visit Boston's budget website atbudget.boston.gov."
Hi, my name is Penny!I'ma 1-year-old spayed female Persian. I love playing and chasing toys (especially string ones), being around people, and eating wet food.You don't have to worry about me being around dogs we get along great.If I sound like a perfect fit for you, come and visit me at the shelter inRoslindale.
Boston Public Librarys July author events feature topics including organized crime in Boston, the Kennedy brothers, the history of chocolate, and more. Additionally, throughout the summer, library locations will hold weekly Read Ins to celebrate the joy of summer reading and to help the Boston Public Library reach its goal of reading one million minutes this summer. All programs and events can be found on the Boston Public Library website.Boston Public Library provides educational, cultural and civic enrichment, free to all, for the residents of Boston, Massachusetts and beyond, through its collections, services, programs, and spaces. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library is a pioneer of public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. As a City of Boston historic cultural institution, Boston Public Library today features a Central Library, twenty-five branches, a map center, business library, archival center extensive special collections of rare books, manuscripts, photographs, and prints and rich digital content and online services. The award-winning renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, completed in 2016, together with new, renovated and historic branches, provide a transformed library system for the next generation of users. Boston Public Library enriches lives, hosting thousands of free educational programs and exhibitions, and provides free library services online and in-person to millions of people each year. To learn more, visit theBoston Public Library website.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston will kick-off the 37thannual Boston Harborfest at Faneuil Hall Marketplace on Thursday, June 28 at 11:00 a.m.""The Boston Harbor has a rich history that goes all the way back to our country's founding and the fight for independence,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""Harborfest brings together residents and visitors alike to celebrate our city's unique history with exciting events and activities. I look forward to celebrating alongside everyone for another great year of festivities.""Boston Harborfest is a multi-day festival with activities celebrating American Independence, honoring the city's colonial roots, and showcasing Boston's vibrant harbor. Mayor Walsh will be joined by Captain Claudia Gelzer, Captain of the Port of Boston, United States Coast Guard Commander Nathaniel Shick, 75th Commanding Officer, USS Constitution Pat Moscaritolo, President and Chief Executive Officer, Greater Boston Convention & Visitors Bureau Joe O'Malley, General Manager of Faneuil Hall Marketplace and Harborfest partners during the celebration to kick-off the festival.Residents, visitors and businesses are invited to participate in the patriotic opening ceremony, which will feature United States Navy Band Northeast's Ceremonial Band and Rhode Island Sound who will create excitement with patriotic music, and the ceremonial cutting of the Harborfest cake. Mayor Walsh, Captain Gelzer, and Commander Shick and special guests will use a cutglass (sword) to cut the cake, provided by Faneuil Hall Marketplace and created by Montilio's Baking Company. National Park Service Park Rangers and Freedom Trail Players, dressed in 18th-century costume, will be on hand to offer historical information about Faneuil Hall and other sites along the Freedom Trail.Held from June 28 through July 7, Harborfest celebrates the colonial and maritime heritage of America's independence in Boston. Over the years, Harborfest has grown from a local event to a national celebration. In 1982 there were 35 activities over the course of three days. Now in its 37thyear, Harborfest is considered to be the country's largest Fourth of July festival with hundreds of activities over a week-long period at Boston's best landmarks.The family-friendly event includes the annual opening ceremony at Faneuil Hall Marketplace, historical reenactments, Freedom Trail tours and historic sites' programs and events, activities along Boston Harbor, live entertainment, and much more. An evening concert on Saturday, June 30 features the Squeezebox Stompers and Sweet Harmony leading up to a 9:00 p.m. fireworks show presented Friends of Christopher Columbus Park, Boston Harbor Now, and the Wharf District Council. Harborfest will also feature events at Christopher Columbus Park on Sunday, July 1, including Arts at Harborfest, curated by Artists Crossing, and Chowderfest, where attendees may vote on the best creations from local restaurants. On July 4, the annual City of Boston's Official Independence Day Commemoration, including a flag raising ceremony and parade will begin at 9:00 a.m. on City Hall Plaza. The parade will travel from Boston City Hall to the Granary Burying Ground for a wreath laying honoring America's patriots, and to the Old State House for the official July 4threading of the Declaration of Independence.For more Harborfest information and a list of activities, please call 617-439-7700 or visitwww.Bostonharborfest.com."
Fines will be increased effective Monday, July 2, 2018, for parking in violation of eleven City of Boston parking regulations. The fines to be increased reflect those violations that:Also effective July 2, vehicles parked in violation of the Citys posted overnight street cleaning program, where street cleaning begins at or after midnight and ends no later than 7 a.m., will no longer be towed. However, vehicles parked illegally at these locations will be subject to an increased parking violation fine of $90. Vehicles parked in violation of the daytime street cleaning program will continue to receive parking tickets with a fine of $40 and will continue to be subject to towing by a private contractor which results in additional fees.Parking regulations are a crucial component of urban transportation systems and abiding by them helps considerably to keep streets safe, functioning and equitable, said Boston Transportation Department Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. For instance, safety is improved when hydrants, wheelchair ramps and snow emergency lanes are not blocked traffic congestion is eased when vehicles are not double-parked or left in no parking zones and the parking needs of residents, businesses and visitors can best be balanced when drivers refrain from parking illegally in both resident parking and loading zones, as well as from monopolizing short-term parking availability at meters. Boston drivers are strongly encouraged to voluntarily comply with all posted parking regulations and help BTD to maintain the safety of our roadways.The parking violation fines to be increased are as follows.In City of Boston fiscal year 2017, over 1.3 million parking tickets were issued in Boston. Yet, BTD continues to receive requests for parking enforcement. In the first ten months of fiscal year 2018, over 33,000 parking enforcement related requests were received through the Citys 311 system.South End resident Stephen Fox commented, The South End welcomes stronger enforcement measures, including increased fines, as one critical tool to help manage the transportation challenges and the traffic and parking crisis that grows every day in this neighborhood. There is no neighborhood that better illustrates the need to use every tool in the toolbox to begin to address the full range of parking challenges than the South End. We need to be bold more than just measured in addressing this issue.Revenue generated from the increased parking fines will be invested in the continued implementation of transportation priorities established in Go Boston 2030, the Citys long term transportation plan. An unprecedented public engagement process helped to identify 58 projects and policies prioritized in the plan. The projects and policies work toward a complete streets design to Bostons roadways that serves all users whether people choose to travel by foot, by car, by bike, or by MBTA and other forms of public transit. The revenue generated will also allow for the staffing of 20 positions within BTD. Specific Go Boston initiatives to be undertaken as a result of these funds are as follows.We have more information on Go Boston 2030 oline.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and SPARK Boston announced the six 2018 SPARK Impact Award winners and 18 finalists at an award ceremony on Thursday, June 21st at the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce.The eighteen finalists for the 2018 SPARK Impact Awards are setting the standard for Bostons next generation of civic leadership, said Mayor Walsh. They are creating new ways for our City government to connects with citizens, empowering youth through education, mentoring their peers and youth, and working tirelessly to make Boston a healthy, thriving City. They prove that no matter your age, you can make a true impact on our City and I am proud to recognize their passion and dedication to improving Bostons future.Mayor Walsh put out an open call for nominations for the 2018 SPARK Impact Awards this summer. A selection committee comprised of SPARK Boston Council members reviewed over 125 nominations in order to select these finalists, whose personal stories can be found on SPARK Bostons website. A round of online voting determined the winners in each category, to be announced at the award ceremony. In addition to the award presentation, the event featured a networking reception and keynote speech by State Senator Joe Boncore, member of the State Legislatures Millennial Caucus.Boston is home to a large and diverse millennial population. SPARK Boston (formerly ONEin3) is a City of Boston initiative that aims to empower the millennial generation to play a greater role in planning for the future of our City.SPARK Boston focuses on engaging the next generation of civic leaders and social entrepreneurs in the work of City government. This will shape how the City designs and develops policies, convenes stakeholders for important initiatives and works collaboratively with young people to shape Boston's future. Learn more about Spark Boston online.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh yesterday joined partners Historic Boston Inc., The Trust for Public Land, the Urban Farming Institute of Boston, North Bennet Street School, and the Mattapan community to celebrate the more than $3.7 million historic renovation of the 18th century Fowler Clark Epstein Farm. The redevelopment includes transforming the space into a working urban farm, including a new state-of-the-art farmer training center.""It's exciting to celebrate the revitalization of this historic farm in Mattapan, which represents our past, present and future"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud that together with many community partners, we have stepped up to make the investments needed to bring this farm back to life, ensuring that a new generation will grow up with access to this space and all the opportunities it offers.""Originally built in 1786, the Fowler Clark Epstein Farm is Mattapan's oldest building. The original farmhouse was once part of a Dorchester farm encompassing more than 330 acres dating back to the 17th century. Although five families have passed through the house across its 200-year history, it has primarily been owned by three families, beginning with Samuel Fowler, a Dorchester yeoman in the late 18th century. More than half an acre of land was preserved within a densely developed residential neighborhood, and the original house and barn were sold to Jorge Epstein in 1941, remaining in the family's possession until falling vacant in 2013.The developer for the historic renovation of the 1786 Fowler Clark Epstein Farm is Historic Boston Inc. (HBI), a nonprofit organization that preserves and redevelops endangered historic buildings in Boston for new uses. HBI partnered with three other nonprofit organizations -- The Trust for Public Land, the Urban Farming Institute, and North Bennet Street School -- on this $3.7 million project to turn one of Boston's oldest farm properties into a modern farm and urban agriculture training and education center. ""Rehabilitation of the Fowler Clark underscores the power of historic preservation to inspire communities and renew places that make Boston's neighborhoods special,"" said Kathy Kottaridis, Executive Director of HBI. ""Our city's historic places like this historic farm can serve the contemporary needs of Bostonians."" Historic Boston Inc. as owner and developer of the property assembled and structured all of the financing sources for the renovation of the historic buildings. The Trust for Public Land built the farm's planting beds and prepared the soil for farming. The Urban Farming Institute, a non-profit organization devoted to advancing commercial urban farming in Boston through land development, technical training and education of urban farming professionals is the primary tenant and operator of the urban farming center. Students and instructors from North Bennet Street School's Preservation Carpentry program stabilized the historic barn and restored some of the historic elements in both the barn and the house.As the new headquarters and a demonstration farming center for the Urban Farming Institute, the Fowler Clark Epstein Farm will host formal training for farmers, public programs and workshops for the public. Produce generated from the site will be sold to area restaurants and to the public through an on-site farmstand. The site will host numerous programs for the public. The farm is located adjacent to the Fairmount MBTA Commuter Rail Line at Morton Street.Rehabilitation included construction of new planting beds for food production, a processing space for washing and preparing produce for market, classrooms and a demonstration kitchen for educational programs, and a residence for an on-site farm manager in the historic house. In the future, a greenhouse will be built to extend the growing season."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh cut the ribbon today to celebrate Phase One of the redevelopment of Orient Heights Overlook Terrace and announced the City's commitment of $10 million to launch Phase Two. Phase One is the initial step to redevelop the 331-unit Orient Heights public housing development in East Boston. Mayor Walsh was joined by Boston Housing Authority (BHA) Administrator Bill McGonagle, representatives from the Department of Housing and Community Development (DHCD), MassHousing, along with the development team of Trinity Financial and East Boston CDC.""It's great to be able to celebrate this important milestone reached at the redevelopment of Orient Heights, which when completed, will make 331 units of housing available to residents and families in East Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This project will significantly improve the facility for current and future tenants, and contributes to the City of Boston's committed to creating more affordable housing for all. I thank everyone involved for their partnership as we work together to see this redevelopment through completion.""Orient Heights Phase One included the creation of 120 units of new affordable rental housing. The units are spread across four townhomes containing 32 units and one mid-rise building containing 88 units and on-site property management offices. All 120 units will receive an operating subsidy-75 percent of the units will receive state public housing operating subsidy and 25 percent of the units will receive project-based subsidy through the Massachusetts Rental Voucher Program. The Phase One project achieved Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Platinum certification.Phase Two of the redevelopment will provide an additional 88 rental units in 2 townhouse buildings containing 16 units and one mid rise building containing 72 units and community space. The Phase 2 project will also include improvements to portions of Vallar Road, as well as open space enhancements.""We are excited that the first phase of this project is complete,"" stated BHA Administrator Bill McGonagle. ""We are looking forward to working with our development partners, Trinity Financial, and the residents of Orient Heights, to begin Phase Two of this effort and continue to preserve needed affordable housing for current and future generations.""The total development investment in Orient Heights Phase One will be approximately $51.2 million. The financing plan includes $17.5 million in private equity raised through an allocation of federal 4 percent Low-Income Housing Tax Credits tax-exempt bonds for construction financing $32.725 million in state public housing capital funds from BHA and DHCD and affordable housing resources from the City of Boston.Mayor Walsh is investing $10 million for Phase Two through the proceeds from the sale of the Winthrop Street Garage, as well as $1.83 million in Inclusionary Development Policy Funds, secured from the Davis Companies' 99 Sumner Street development in East Boston. Phase Two demolition and construction is anticipated to begin this fall.""Today marks an exciting milestone in the revitalization of the Orient Heights development,"" said Trinity Financial Vice President of Development Eva Erlich. ""We are proud to be a part of the collaboration with the Commonwealth, the City, the Boston Housing Authority, East Boston CDC, the Orient Heights residents, and our colleagues in finance and development to see this first phase through to completion, and we look forward to continuing the transformation of this site with next phase.""Current residents will work with a relocation team regarding which relocation options best meet their needs. Relocation options include moving to another BHA public housing development of their choice or moving to privately owned housing with a state subsidized MRVP voucher.Residents also may choose to return to the redeveloped site when construction is complete or remain in place after initial relocation.The Orient Heights public housing development is owned and managed by the BHA, which undertook a planning process in 2008, funded by DHCD, to consider redevelopment options for the site. The BHA commissioned a master plan with an overall design concept and established the goals for the site's redevelopment-to transform the site into an attractive, energy-efficient and healthy housing community modeled on the successful transformations of the BHA's previous public housing redevelopments at sites such as West Broadway, Maverick, and Old Colony.In January 2015, the BHA selected the development team of Trinity Financial and East Boston CDC to work with BHA and DHCD to finalize a redevelopment strategy for the site. This development team secured financing to implement the redevelopment, and will own and manage the buildings post-redevelopment. The BHA will continue to own the land and will lease the land to Trinity.Since January of 2015, BHA and the development team have held public meetings with residents and the neighborhood, monthly meetings with the Resident Task Force and various meetings with City and State officials. The project has been largely supported by the community, which has seen a need to redevelop Orient Heights as an inclusive piece of the neighborhood. BHA, Trinity, and the East Boston CDC will continue to meet with the residents and the broader neighborhood on an on-going basis throughout the project's stages.Trinity Financial is a community-driven, diverse real estate development firm with a proven-track record of redeveloping complex urban sites from New York to Greater Boston. Our work spans half a dozen residential and commercial specialties, from multi-family housing to transit-oriented development. Over the past 30 years we have completed more than $2 billion in innovative development, delivering high quality, sustainable, multi-family housing, ranging from affordable to luxury - all with a commitment to people and place. For more information about Trinity Financial, please visitwww.trinityfinancial.com.TheBoston Housing Authority(BHA) is a public agency that provides subsidized housing to low and moderate income individuals and families. In addition to conventional public housing communities throughout Boston, BHA offers rental assistance programs. BHA receives federal and state funding in order to provide housing programs to individuals and families. BHA's mission is to provide stable, quality affordable housing for low and moderate income persons to deliver these services with integrity and mutual accountability and to create living environments which serve as catalysts for the transformation from dependency to economic self-sufficiency."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that applications for the 2018 Neighborhood Slow Streets program arenow available.The Neighborhood Slow Streets program is a community-based effort to reduce speeds and improve the quality of life on Boston's local streets. Neighborhoods associations, community groups, faith-based institutions and other organized groups of neighbors are invited to apply to the program.""Boston residents want safe residential streets and the Neighborhood Slow Streets initiative is specifically designed to meet this goal by using traffic calming equipment and techniques to control speeding,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Neighborhood Slow Streets is a signature Vision Zero investment in our neighborhoods. It complements the work that BTD and other City agencies are undertaking each day to make our neighborhood streets safe and welcoming for Boston residents.""All completed applications will be evaluated using the same objective criteria. The top-scoring three to five neighborhoods will be selected, and the community process and design of each new zone is expected to be completed by early 2020. Applications must be submitted, or postmarked and mailed, by no later thanFriday, August 24, 2018.Neighborhood Slow Streets was implemented as a pilot program in the Talbot Norfolk Triangle in Dorchester and the Stonybrook neighborhood of Jamaica Plain in late 2017. The program aims to slow drivers to 20 MPH and make streets feel more inviting to everyone who lives, plays, walks, and bicycles in the neighborhood. The program uses quick-install and low-cost fixes, such as signage, pavement markings, and speed humps.""Due to the popularity of the pilot, BTD developed a metrics-based application review process to evaluate requests by groups of residents interested in bringing the program to their neighborhoods,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. ""Five new zones were selected in 2017 and BTD is currently advancing through the planning and design work for each of these zones. Boston's Public Works Department will manage construction of the five new projects and we anticipate that all work will be completed in 2019.""Talbot-Norfolk Triangle resident Tiffany Cogell said, ""Neighborhood Slow Streets puts the power of safe infrastructure changes into the hands of residents while allowing them the opportunity to interact directly with the City. It creates opportunities for deeper engagement between the local government and residents, and gives residents the chance to voice their opinions and lived expertise. It saves lives and is a great benefit to every community that is able to participate.""Thefive neighborhoods selectedlast year for participation in the program include:ChinatownGrove Hall/Quincy CorridorHighland ParkMount Hope/CanterburyWest of WashingtonAs a result of feedback from the community, the 2018 application process has been simplified. Applicants are asked to supply:Contact informationA map of their proposed zoneSignatures from community members and,A minimum of three letters of support from organizations, key stakeholders or officials.Please note that returning applicants only need to supply contact information and signatures from community members, and returning applicants may submit a new map if they choose to make adjustments to their zone.Neighborhood Slow Streets prioritizes areas with the most need for traffic calming. In 2018, the Boston Transportation Department will select from the new applications submitted three to five new residential neighborhoods where the program will next be implemented. The evaluation criteria will ensure that these neighborhoods:Are home to higher percentages of youth, older adults, and people with disabilitiesExperience higher numbers of traffic crashes per mile that resulted in an EMS responseInclude, or border, community gathering places such as public libraries, community centers, schools, and parksSupport existing and planned opportunities for walking, bicycling, and access to the MBTA or other forms of public transit andAre feasible for the City of Boston to implement.The Neighborhood Slow Streets Program is a component of the Vision Zero safety agenda established in the City of Boston as a priority of Go Boston 2030, the City's long term transportation plan. For detailed information on Go Boston 2030 please see:https://www.boston.gov/departments/transportation/go-boston-2030."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Tim Johnson to demolish the residence located at 334 Bunker Hill Street,MA 02129.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on July 1, 2018.
The Dorothy Curran Wednesday Night Concert Series returns from July 25 to August 22 for another great season of outdoor music to entertain music fans of all ages on City Hall Plaza with Strictly Sinatra by Michael Dutra, Disco Night with Stardust, the classic soul of Charlie Thomas Drifters, and the grand finale featuring the legendary Trammps.Now celebrating 46 years as Bostons longest-running free outdoor concert series, these performances bring four summer nights of great entertainment to this unique venue located in the heart of Boston. All shows begin at 7 p.m.The series is presented by Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayors Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment, the Boston Commission on Affairs of the Elderly, and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department in partnership with title sponsor Bank of America. Additional support is provided by Polar Beverages.The series kicks off July 25 with Strictly Sinatra featuring the music of Ol Blue Eyes as Michael Dutra takes to the stage drawing from a repertoire of more than 500 Sinatra classics.City Hall Plaza favorite Stardust returns on August 1 for Disco Night featuring classic dance floor and pop hits. Stardust is a Super-Band formed by gathering some of the most talented and experienced musicians in the entertainment industry and honed by over a decade of active rotation.Charlie Thomas Drifters return on August 15 with R&B classics including Dance With Me, This Magic Moment, Some Kind of Wonderful, Under The Boardwalk, and more.The Dorothy Curran Wednesday Night Concert Series closes August 22 with the Trammps performing hits including Hold Back The Night, Where The Happy People Go, Soul Bones, and their signature song Disco Inferno as featured on the soundtrack of Saturday Night Fever.For more information, please call 617-635-4505,visit the Parks Department online,or check outourFacebook page.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment will hostCelebration of Summer V: Donna Summer Roller Disco Partyon Friday, June 22 on City Hall Plaza. This family-friendly event is free and open to the public and will take place between 6:00 p.m. and 10:00 p.m.Boston-born disco legend Donna Summer was a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, a five-time Grammy winner, and sold over 140 million records worldwide. She was born in Dorchester and was raised in Mission Hill before rising to stardom in the 1970s. She passed away at the age of 62 years old on May 17, 2012. This annual event honors her life and celebrates her music and legacy in Boston.""The Donna Summer Roller Disco Party kicks off summer at City Hall Plaza, and I'm pleased we're bringing back this celebration for the fifth consecutive year,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We provide fun, free, family events throughout the year, and this event is one of our most anticipated. I look forward to welcoming residents and visitors to City Hall Plaza for this great event.""Celebration of Summer V will feature:music provided byDJ Joey Carvello and DJandDJ Serge Gamesbourga performance by Donna Summer's nephew, O'Mega Red, andappearances by other members of Donna Summer's family.In addition to music, City Hall Plaza will feature a roller-skating rink. If attendees don't have their own skates, the City of Boston will be providing free rentals on a first-come, first-serve basis. More information about the event can be found on boston.gov.For more summer events hosted by the City, follow the Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment on social media @VisitBostonCity and visitboston.gov/visiting-boston."
Special events taking place on Thursday, June 21, and Sunday, June 24, will impact traffic and parking in the City of Boston. People coming into the City for these events are encouraged to refrain from using their personal vehicles. Information on Blue Bikes, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.Thursday, June 21The JP Morgan Corporate Challenge will begin at 7:15 PM on Charles Street at the Boston Common. An estimated 9,000 runners will turn left onto Beacon Street, left onto Arlington Street, right onto Commonwealth Avenue (outbound), to Kenmore Square, turn around after the MBTA busway, to Commonwealth Avenue (inbound), under the Massachusetts Avenue overpass, continuing on Commonwealth Avenue, right onto Arlington street, left onto Boylston Street, left onto Charles Street. Charles Street, between Boylston and Beacon Streets, will be closed to traffic from 6:50 PM to approximately 8:45 PM. Traffic will be delayed on all other streets as runners make their way along the route.Sunday, June 24The Boston Athletic Association 10K will begin at 8 AM on Charles Street near the center gate to the Public Garden. An estimated 10,000 runners will turn right onto Boylston Street, right onto Arlington Street, left onto Commonwealth Avenue (westbound), under the Massachusetts Avenue overpass, right onto Charlesgate East, left onto Beacon Street, right onto Bay State Road, left onto Granby Street, right onto Commonwealth Avenue (westbound) turn around at Babcock street, Commonwealth Avenue (westbound), left onto Beacon Street, right onto Charlesgate West, left onto Commonwealth Avenue (eastbound), under the Massachusetts Avenue overpass, right onto Arlington Street, left onto Boylston Street, left onto Charles Street. Traffic delays are expected as runners make their way along the route.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from John Claffeywith ClafcoBuildings Corpto demolish the residential structure located at 47 Mansfield Street in Allston,MA 02134.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 30, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Ngoc Cam Leto demolish the garage located at 63 Savin Hill Avenue in Dorchester,MA 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 30, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Christopher Lai with 97 Green Street LLC to demolish the garage located at 97 Green Street in Jamaica Plain,MA 02130.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 29, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Juan Rojas with AGB Construction Servicesto demolish the residential structurelocated at 474 Hyde Park Avenue in Roslindale,MA 02131.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 30, 2018.
The City of Boston announced today that nuTonomy (an Aptiv company), a leader in the development of autonomous vehicle software, has been authorized to expand testing on City of Boston streets city-wide. The City of Boston utilizes a mandatory and graduated phase approach as the foundation of its autonomous vehicle testing program. Under the Citys supervision, nuTonomy has been testing on streets in the Seaport District since January 2017 and has a proven safety record. Creating a policy on the operation of autonomous vehicles on City of Boston streets is a priority of the Go Boston 2030 Transportation Plan as the technology is capable of significantly enhancing mobility for Boston residents, particularly for senior citizens and people with disabilities.Continuing to test autonomous vehicles in a careful and methodical manner represents another step forward in helping us to achieve the vision for improved mobility that was established by residents during the Go Boston 2030 Transportation Plan public process, said Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh. If deployed thoughtfully, shared fleets of autonomous vehicles could offer the City of Boston the potential to improve safety on our streets, provide equitable connections to the MBTA, and offer a new source of mobility to all Boston residents.Working collaboratively with nuTonomy over the past two years, we have monitored their progress through the testing process and we are confident in the companys commitment to safety and to our Go Boston 2030 mobility goals, said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. As we continue to invest in improving the Citys bicycle infrastructure, adding bus lanes to our streets, and upgrading the quality of our roadways, we are also working to shape the future of mobility to ensure that it works for all of our residents.We are proud to be the first company authorized to operate autonomous vehicles on public roads city-wide in Boston, said Karl Iagnemma, president of Aptiv Automated Mobility on Demand. Being recognized by the City for our exceptional safety record is an important milestone for the entire nuTonomy and Aptiv team. Today, we are excited to have access to some of the most complex roads in North America as we continue to focus on improving the safety and efficiency of transportation in cities worldwide.Human factors account for 94% of serious crashes in the US. Last year, 14 people were killed in the City of Boston as a result of vehicle crashes and over 40,000 people were killed in the United States. Autonomous vehicles offer one potential solution to reduce the number of crashes on our roadways in addition to the engineering, enforcement, and education programs already underway in the City of Boston.Prior to working with the City of Boston, nuTonomy spent almost two years testing autonomous vehicles on public roadways in Singapore. In Boston, nuTonomys testing began on streets within the Raymond L. Flynn Marine Industrial Park before the geographic testing area expanded to additional public streets in the Seaport District. This was followed by a pilot program where passengers were transported in nuTonomy vehicles between destinations in the area.The company must comply with all testing safety protocols stipulated by both the City of Boston and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, and the vehicles must operate within the legal speed limit at all times. In all cases while testing, a professionally trained safety driver is behind the wheel prepared to take over as necessary. Additionally, nuTonomy, and its parent company Aptiv, utilizes a test engineer in the passenger seat to monitor system performance. Each vehicle is equipped with a suite of sensors that provide a 360-degree view of the surroundings. Testing may occur in both day and nighttime hours, and during some inclement weather, such as light precipitation, fog, and low temperatures.As part of the upcoming expansion process, nuTonomy will continue to supply quarterly reports to the City and to update the Boston Transportation Department each time it begins operating in a new neighborhood of Boston. Currently, one other company is testing autonomous vehicles in the City of Boston. Optimus Ride is operating in the Raymond L. Flynn Marine Industrial Park.For more information on the City of Bostons Autonomous Vehicle Testing Program, visit: boston.gov/boston-av
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the return of the ""Mayor on Main"" trolley tour, a four-day event highlighting Boston's Main Streets (BMS) districts, beginning next week. During Mayor on Main, Mayor Walsh will visit businesses and present the 22nd Annual Boston Main Streets Award, which recognize an outstanding business owner and volunteer from each district. This year's Mayor on Main tour will be held Tuesday, June 26, Wednesday, June 27, Thursday, June 28, and Saturday, June 30, 2018.""I'm excited for another year of the 'Main on Main' trolley tour, which is an incredible opportunity to celebrate some of Boston's most dynamic small businesses,"" said Mayor Walsh, ""From employing neighbors, contributing to local nonprofits and civic life, to investing in neighborhood improvement efforts, Boston's Main Streets are committed to their communities. I'm proud of initiatives like Boston Main Streets and business improvement districts, which support our local small business economy and I encourage everyone to visit, support, and explore Boston's small, local establishments.""Boston's 40,000 small businesses fuel the City's economy and generate $15 billion in annual revenue, and 170,000 jobs.Boston Main Streetsprovides funding and technical assistance to 20 neighborhood-based Main Streets districts throughout the City of Boston, and has served as a national model for urban areas seeking to revitalize neighborhood commercial districts. Boston Main Streets continues to empower individuals in the small business sector to have a direct role in the economic health, physical appearance, and development of their own community.""The success of our local commercial districts is driven by the personal commitments of our main streets small business owners and community volunteers,"" said Joel Sklar, Board Chair for the Boston Main Streets Foundation. ""We're proud to recognize individuals across all 20 districts who have become strong ambassadors for their neighborhoods and showcase the deep and lasting value of their hard work and personal contributions.""The tour will include 12 stops over the course of four days:1:30 PM - Greater Ashmont - Zia Gianna Caffe2:30 PM - Four Corners - 4 Corners Yoga + WellnessAlso honoring Fields Corner - Fresh Food Generation Caf3:30PM - Bowdoin-Geneva - Cape Verdean TasteAlso honoring Upham's Corner - Upham's Corner Health CenterAlso honoring Greater Grove Hall - Lulu's Barbershop & Salon1:30 PM - West Roxbury - Himalayan BistroAlso honoring Roslindale Village - Birch St. House & Garden2:30 PM - Hyde Park - Akiki & Sons3:30 PM - Mattapan Square - Hair Stop1:30 PM - Dudley Square - Castillo's Liquor StoreAlso honoring Chinatown - C Mart SupermarketAlso honoring Washington Gateway - Capital One Cafe at Ink Block2:30 PM - Egleston Square - Sandy WirelessAlso honoring Hyde-Jackson - El Oriental de Cuba Restaurant3:30 PM - JP Centre-South - Fresh Hair Salon10:00 AM - East Boston - Jendriel Collision Center11:00 AM - Allston Village - Coreanos AllstonAlso honoring Brighton - Rockland Trust12:00 PM - Mission Hill - The Laughing Monk CafThe City of Boston operates theSmall Business Center, which serves as a one-stop neighborhood resource for small business owners and entrepreneurs ready to grow their businesses. In partnership with more than a dozen leading business service organizations, the City of Boston's Small Business Center provides high-impact professional training, networking and one-on-one coaching sessions during the first nine-week summer series in Mattapan.One of the goals of the small business center is to empower minority and women-owned businesses. Entrepreneurs of color comprise 32 percent of all Boston businesses, generate $2.7 billion in revenue and employ 32,000 people, while 35 percent of small businesses in Boston are women-owned.The Office of Economic Development's mission is to make Boston an appealing and accessible place for working families, entrepreneurs, businesses, and investors to innovate, grow, and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for all Bostonians and the experience for all visitors. Learn more on theirwebsite.Developed out of a partnership between the City of Boston and the National Trust for Historic Preservation, the Boston Main Streets initiative was created in 1995 as the first urban, multi-district Main Streets program in the nation, with the goal of establishing thriving commercial districts throughout the city. Boston Main Streets is a successful model for urban commercial district revitalization that strengthens local business districts through strong organizational development, community participation, resident and merchant education and sustainable development. Boston Main Streets continues to empower individuals in the small business sector to have a direct role in the economic health, physical appearance, and development of their own community.The Boston Main Streets Foundation is committed to making Boston's neighborhood commercial districts thriving, vibrant centers of commerce and community through its support of the Boston Main Streets program. The Boston Main Streets Foundation seeks to develop long-term strategies to increase the economic power and resources of neighborhood commercial districts while pursuing initiatives that build knowledge and capacity for Main Streets programs and the businesses they serve."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today the appointments of William Onuoha as Executive Director of the Mayor's Office of Fair Housing & Equity, and the elevation of Christopher Cook to Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space for the City of Boston, a position he will hold in addition to his current role as Commissioner of the Boston Parks Department.As Director of the Mayor's Office of Fair Housing & Equity, Onuoha will be responsible for the leadership and management of the office, which includes the Boston Fair Housing Commission and the Boston Human Rights Commission. The Office of Fair Housing & Equity is charged with ensuring fair and equitable access to housing opportunities throughout Boston.""William's record of public service and his deep understanding of the needs of constituents are evidence of his dedication and commitment to the people of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to William taking the helm of the Office of Fair Housing and Equity, and I am confident in his leadership to continue to create greater equity and access for all of our Boston residents.""As part of Onuoha's role, he will work to ensure the Office effectively engages and serves residents, especially the most vulnerable, and advocates for fair housing and equity. Through the Office, Onuoha will work to address discrimination and ensure fair access to housing, public services, accommodations, and participation in housing related activities for all people of Boston.""I am honored and humbled to become the New Executive Director of the Mayor's Office of Fair Housing & Equity for the City of Boston,"" said Onuoha. ""I am very excited to work alongside Mayor Walsh, Chief Martinez, and other community stakeholders to ensure that all boston residents regardless of socioeconomic status have access to fair and affordable housing in our great city.""Prior to becoming Director for the Mayor's Office of Fair Housing and Equity, Onuoha was the Assistant Commissioner/Director of Housing at Boston's Inspectional Services Department. As the Assistant Commissioner/Director of Housing, Onuoha oversaw the day to day operations of the Housing Division. The Housing Division deals primarily with enforcement of the state sanitary code and habitable living conditions. Onuoha will be begin his new role in July.As Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space for the City of Boston, Cook will be responsible for leading the Cabinet in achieving its mission of enhancing the quality of life in Boston by protecting air, water, climate, and land resources, and preserving and improving the integrity of Boston's architectural and historic resources. He will assume the role previously held by Austin Blackmon. Blackmonis returning to the private sector in the San Francisco Bay Area to join a clean energy technology firm and lead its product development and growth efforts.""Chris has been a champion of the Boston Parks Department for the last four years, and has helped guide more than $100 million in new capital investments to improve our parks, and make them more accessible and equitable,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud to have him on board in this new capacity, and am confident that he will continue to move our city forward towards achieving our climate goals.""The Cabinet includes the Inspectional Services Department, the Environment Department, and the Parks and Recreation Department, where Cook will remain Commissioner.""I want to thank Chief Blackmon for his leadership and I look forward to working with the community and colleagues on implementing the recommendations of Mayor Walsh's Climate Ready Boston report,"" said Cook. ""Boston is a beautiful home. I look forward to building a more sustainable and resilient future for its children.""""I want to thank the Mayor and the rest of our team for the past three and a half years. As I move to a new role in the private sector, I am thrilled that a superb administrator, dedicated public servant and amazing colleague will be the next Chief,"" said Blackmon. ""Chris Cook's expertise in open space, green infrastructure and coastal resiliency make him the perfect person to implement the next phase of Boston's climate work.""As Chief, Cook will oversee policy and programs on energy, climate change, sustainability, building safety, historic preservation and open space, including Climate Ready Boston, the building energy reporting & disclosure ordinance, rental registry and Greenovate Boston, the city's community outreach initiative on sustainability. He will also continue to move the city towards its goal of being carbon neutral by 2050, as part of Carbon Free Boston. Cook will begin his new role in July.In his role as Commissioner of the Boston Parks Department, he will continue to oversee more than 2,600 acres of neighborhood parks, playgrounds, tot lots, athletic facilities, city squares and urban wilds, as well as the City of Boston's inventory of public street trees. The Department also has jurisdiction over three active cemeteries, 16 historic burying grounds and two golf courses.Prior to the Walsh Administration, Cook served as Director of the Mayor's Office of Arts, Tourism & Special Events, where under his leadership the office provided advocacy, promotion, technical assistance and funding, and produced more than 150 public concerts, events and celebrations throughout the year.Cook received his Master's in Public Administration from Suffolk University and a BA in English/Theatre from the University of Massachusetts, Amherst. He lives in West Roxbury with his wife, Aine, a Boston Public School teacher, and his two daughters Saoirse and Roisin.The Environment, Energy & Open Space Cabinet recently helped host anInternational Mayors Climate Summit, which brought together mayors and leaders from public and private sectors to Boston to discuss best practices and steps city leaders can take to address climate change globally and in their own communities. As part of the summit, Mayor Walsh announced his plans to issue aRequest for Informationfor competitive pricing of large-scale renewable energy projects. The RFI will compile the energy demand data across participating U.S. cities and ask renewable energy developers for price estimates for projects that would meet their collective energy demand."
Hi, my name is Chelsea!I am a one-year-old spayed female Chihuahua mix with a playful personality and lots of energy. I love to jump and play around with other dogs my size. I have an inquisitive personality and like to sniff out new areas.I do like to relax (after I've had my fun for the day), in your lap or near you. If I sound like the kind of girl you have been looking for, come visit me at the shelter in Roslindale!
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has retained Motley Rice LLC in anticipation of filing litigation against the pharmaceutical industry, including opioid manufacturers, distributors and dispensaries, that would seek to recover damages the city has incurred as a result of the opioid epidemic. This selection follows aRequest for Information(RFI) that was issued in February to gather information that would help inform the City's approach for developing a potential legal strategy.Motley Rice will immediately begin to gather relevant information from the City of Boston and engage in discussions with city officials to inform the best legal strategy, with the intent of filing litigation by the fall.""Boston, like so many cities across the country, has invested significant time, money and resources to aggressively attack the opioid crisis from every angle,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Now is the time to finally hold the pharmaceutical industry responsible. Through this effort, my priority continues to be the financial and social damages to cities caused by the reckless dissemination of opioids and ensuring that Boston, a city on the front lines of this fight every day, is best positioned to recover and meet these ongoing costs.""Motley Rice is one of the nation's largest and most successful plaintiffs' firms and the firm is playing a leading role in helping state and local governments across the country address the opioid crisis by investigating and litigating against pharmaceutical companies and seeking to hold them accountable for misconduct that helped give rise to the opioid crisis. Motley Rice currently represents the City of Chicago and Santa Clara County, the first jurisdictions to file complaints against pharmaceutical companies, and represents seven states in their investigations and/or litigation against opioid manufacturers and distributors, as well as over a dozen other government entities in opioid investigation and litigations.The City received nine responses to its RFI and seven of them were from law firms. In the months preceding the RFI, the City met with various law firms to collect relevant information in preparation for potential litigation.Having been in recovery for over 20 years, Mayor Walsh understands firsthand how easily addiction can take hold and how difficult it can be to recover. In his first term, Mayor Walsh made expanding access to recovery services in Boston a priority by creating the Office of Recovery Services to study substance use in Boston and lead the city's strategy around substance use disorders, addiction and recovery. This is the first and only municipal recovery office in the nation.In addition, Mayor Walsh mandated the life-saving medication naloxone (Narcan) be carried in every public safety vehicle in the city in his first two weeks in office and launched a new 24/7 hotline through 311 to help people struggling with addiction access all levels of recovery services.Continuing these efforts into his second term, Mayor Walsh announced in his inaugural speech in January that his Administration will rebuild the Long Island Bridge and invest in a comprehensive, long-term recovery facility on Long Island. These new services will offer a continuum of care and equip people with the opportunity to rebuild a life."
The order read:The people of Texas are informed that, in accordance with a proclamation from the Executive of the United States, all slaves are free. This involves an absolute equality of personal rights and rights of property between former masters and slaves, and the connection heretofore existing between them becomes that between employer and hired labor.In 1862, at the height of the Civil War, President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation. The proclamation only abolished slavery in the Confederate South and did not apply to enslaved people in the Confederate States of America. It also did not emancipate enslaved people in the four border states of Kentucky, Maryland, Missouri, and Delaware, or in Texas. In 1865, Congress passed a law abolishing slavery throughout the United States. The 1865 reading of General Order No. 3 in Galveston signaled the total emancipation of all enslaved people in the United States. Later that year, the Thirteenth Amendment to the Constitution was ratified, cementing the abolition of slavery in the United States.Throughout 1865 and 1866, celebrations of emancipation broke out across the country. In Boston, the Board of Aldermen ordered that bells be rung on January 1, 1866, in token of the rejoicing at the consummation of the Emancipation Proclamation and the Constitutional Amendment abolishing slavery in the United States.June Nineteenth, often referred to as Juneteenth, is widely celebrated as Emancipation Day in the United States.
The Boston Parks and Recreation Department presents the 2018 ParkARTS Citywide Neighborhood Concert Series made possible by Berklee College of Music, Bank of America, The Friends of Ramler Park, and the Fenway Civic Association from July 10 to August 8in parks citywide.The ParkARTS outdoor neighborhood summer concerts are presented free of charge in local City of Boston parks. The concert series dates include:The ParkARTS Citywide Neighborhood Concerts continue at:The series ends on Wednesday, August 8, with Them Apples at 7 p.m. at Blackstone Park, 1535 Washington Street, South End.All ParkARTS neighborhood performances are free of charge. For more information or a full schedule of events, please call 617-635-4505,visit the Parks Department onlineor follow us on Facebook.
This time around, we are celebrating some of the preservation success stories in the South End. Do you have a building that you would like us to highlight? Shoot us an email blc@boston.gov.A landmark district since 1983, the South End has proven to be one of the most dynamic and sought after neighborhoods in the City. Originally built in the mid-nineteenth century for Boston's burgeoning middle class, the South End has seen waves of constantlychanging demographics, all contributing to the neighborhood's vibrancy. TheSouth End's successis a testament to how a historic district canencourage both human-scaleddevelopment and the protection ofthearea's historic character. I invite you totake a look at some of the neighborhood's most striking building transformations over the yearsthat were a result of both public and private investment. Under the guidance of the South End Landmark DistrictCommission, these(and many other) examples will be preserved to tell their story for generations to come.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the city's Community Preservation Committee (CPC) today recommended 35 projects, totaling more than $8 million, for inclusion in the upcoming spring funding round for the Community Preservation Act (CPA). A hearing on the appropriation of funds for these projects will be held this evening, with an anticipated vote from the Boston City Council on Wednesday.""The Community Preservation Act is a new tool that will help take our work on affordable housing, historic preservation and open space to the next level,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud to recommend these important projects for funding approval, which represent a wide range of needs and will build strong neighborhoods throughout our city.""In March,Mayor Walsh announcedthat applications were available for a spring pilot program calling for applications for projects that require less than $500,000 to begin construction by this fall, bringing new investments in housing, parks and open space and preservation of historic sites to Boston's neighborhoods. This fall, Mayor Walsh will launch the next round of applications.Organizations with affordable housing, historic preservation, and parks and open space proposals were eligible to apply for funding. The CPC is committed to a program that will have broad community participation, accessible and visible projects that have a positive impact on neighborhoods and residents, and oversight strategies to ensure timely, effective use of funds.The following projects are being recommended for funding:ProjectRecommended AmountAligning withImagine Boston 2030and the City's agencies and departments, Community Preservation Act (CPA) funds will contribute to building strong neighborhoods through strategic investments that support affordable housing, open space and historic preservation.By adopting the CPA in November 2016, the City has created a Community Preservation Fund. This fund is capitalized primarily by a one percent property tax-based surcharge on residential and business property tax bills that began in July 2017. The City will use this revenue to fund initiatives consistent with CPA guidelines: affordable housing, historic preservation, open space and public recreation.As part of the City's plan to oversee the investments made through the adoption of the CPA, Mayor Walsh worked in partnership with the Boston City Council to form a Community Preservation Committee (CPC) that will study community preservation needs and make recommendations on how CPA funds should be allocated. The CPC is made up of nine members, five of whom are representative of the City's boards and commissions and four of whom are appointed by the City Council. The funding of any project requires a recommendation from the committee and appropriation by the City. For more information, visit ourCommunity Preservation webpage."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today resubmitted his Fiscal Year 2019 (FY19) budget, which builds on the Walsh Administration's record of presenting a balanced, sustainable and proactive budget investing in the needs of our growing city. The $3.29 billion recommended budget represents an increase of $139 million, or 4.4 percent, over the FY18 budget, and the budget resubmission follows 28 City Council hearings that helped identify opportunities for further targeted investments, and it is an opportunity to capture additional cost-savings.In this budget resubmission, funding for city services, such as streets, parks, public health and public safety will grow by $43 million, including $12 million in new data-driven investments, and funding for the Boston Public Schools (BPS) will grow by $51 million.""This budget upholds our city's values and priorities, and is a reflection of our leadership position in growing a middle class through strong 21st century schools, good jobs and affordable homes in safe neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By investing in the strong foundation we've been able to achieve through strategic management of the city's finances, I am proud that we are able to continue making record investments in advancing the prosperity of our city, our people and our collective future.""As part of the budget resubmission, Mayor Walsh is proposing to further invest in key initiatives, including:Expanding Universal Pre-Kindergartenfor over 80 new quality seats, as a result of continued advocacy at the state level that is expected to result in an increase from initial projections for Charter School reimbursementDoubling the Youth Development Grant Programto $500,000 to promote conflict resolution skills to musical training to athletic programming, all with a spotlight on self esteem promotion.New funding to support the Elder Nutrition Program,to meet the demand in preventing malnutrition for seniors and backfill declining state and federal resourcesNew city funded position at the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancementto work on the frontlines of supporting new Bostonians, and effectively engage and serve immigrant residents and their familiesNew mounted park rangerto better serve our city parks and complement the new ranger position, which is also part of the the FY19 budgetNew equity and inclusion stafffor the Office of Economic DevelopmentNew funding for workplace sensitivity trainingthat will support expanded training on racial and gender bias, sexual harassment and employee awareness.These additional investments are made possible as a result of debt service savings realized as a result of the city's recently renewed AAA bond rating.They are also made possible through continued advocacy at the State level that has resulted in additional Charter School Reimbursement and Chapter 70 funding included in the FY2019 House and Senate budgets.The above additions of the budget resubmission complement investments in theMayor's FY19 budget proposal,a plan that affirms a commitment to progress, opportunity and innovation by investing in Boston's neighborhoods. A few of those highlights include:Adding new public safety personnel and equipment, including police and 20 police cadets, EMTs and firefighters to keep our residents safe and to respond to the City's increase of new residents and commuters. In addition, $2 million has been allocated towards a phase-in of police body cameras, and investments in new fire engines, fire houses and new ambulances.Making a permanent establishment of Boston's Engagement Center,providing space for participants to connect with recovery support services and get connected with housing services offered by the City and partners.Allocating $5 million in new revenue towards transportation projectsby increasing certain parking fines that will effectively influence good driving practices and reduce congestion in high-traffic areas.Investing in the implementation of Community Choice Aggregation and single-use bagsthat will lower emissions, in addition to purchasing a deployable floodwall for the East Boston Greenway to help mitigate damage related to coastal storms.Doubling the size of the Department of Neighborhood Development down payment assistance programto $1 million, allowing dozens of middle-class families to access zero-interest loans to cover down payments.As part of the budget resubmission, Mayor Walsh is recommending the adoption of a Boston Public Schools budget of $1.112 billion, representing a $3.5 million increase over the initial proposal of $1.109 billion, a $51 million increase over FY18, and marking the largest proposed BPS budget in the city's history. This increase in funding will be directed towards expanding universal pre-kindergarten for over 80 new quality seats in FY19. The City of Boston's allocation to BPS has increased by $175 million, or 19 percent, over the past five years.Mayor Walsh's FY19 budget continues to invest in preserving and creating a strong middle class, and creating opportunities for all those who live in Boston. The FY19 budget supports Boston's long-term plan, Imagine Boston 2030.Imagine Boston 2030 is Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years aimed at guiding growth to support our dynamic economy and expand opportunity for all residents. The plan prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the City. Shaped by the input of 15,000 residents who contributed their thoughts to the plan, Imagine Boston 2030 identifies five action areas to guide Boston's growth, enhancement and preservation, and is paired with a set of metrics that will evaluate progress and successes. To learn more visit,imagine.boston.gov.For more information about the budget,visit Boston's budget website atbudget.boston.gov."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Timothy Burketo demolish the masonry garagelocated at 72 Washington Street in Charlestown,MA 02131We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 25, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Kieran McAllen with WaypointGeneral Contracting, LLCto demolish the townhouselocated at 92 B Street in South Boston,MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 25, 2018.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Mark Littleto demolish the single-family residence located at 53 F Street in South Boston,MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 25, 2018.
"Information on heat safety tips can be found online atboston.gov/heatand by following@CityofBostonon Twitter. Mayor Walsh has not declared a Heat Emergency, but can do so if temperatures reach 95 degrees or higher for three or more consecutive days. At this time, temperatures are expected to be lower for the remainder of the week.The City of Boston's two outdoor pools, theBCYF Clougherty Poolin Charlestown and theBCYF Mirabella Poolin the North Endopened for the seasonon Saturday, June 16th. The City's ""Family Friendly Beach"" at theBCYF Curley Community Centerin South Boston also opened on Saturday, June 16th. The beach is open seven days a week and offers families access to an enclosed stretch of beach on Boston Harbor, restrooms with changing tables, picnic tables with umbrellas, outdoor showers, beach game equipment, and Wi-Fi. Please check with yourlocal BCYF centerfor all hours of operation. Residents can sign up for Alert Boston, the City's emergency notification system, to receive emergency alerts by phone, email or text. You cansign up online on Boston.gov.Residents are also encouraged to call 311 with any questions about available city services."
"Mayor Martin J. Walshtoday signed a citywide ordinanceestablishing guidelines and regulations to better track and regulate short-term rentals in the City of Boston. This ordinance will go into effect on January 1, 2019 with a provision allowing current lease holders operating short term rentals the opportunity to continue operating until September 1, 2019. The proposal was originally filed by the Mayor in January, resubmitted by the Mayor in May, with further amendments contributed in collaboration with the Boston City Council and conversations with residents, advocates, and public and private stakeholders, all following two years of careful study and consideration by the Walsh Administration. The ordinance being signed today reflects the shared goal of providing economic opportunities for residents and temporary accommodations for visitors, while preserving Boston's housing stock.""My goal in regulating short-term rentals has always been to responsibly incorporate the growth of the home-share industry into our work to create affordable housing for all by striking a fair balance between preserving housing while still allowing Bostonians to benefit from this new industry,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud to sign this ordinance today and I am committed to monitoring the impacts to ensure it serves its intended purpose in our neighborhoods.""The regulations allow for the growth of Boston's home-sharing industry, while including deterrents to prevent operators from monopolizing Boston's housing market with short-term rentals. In addition, the regulations provide a standardized framework for regulating these units that meets the needs of the evolving industry provides protections for occupants, and minimizes the impact on surrounding neighbors of these units. These regulations only apply to property owners registered with the City to operate a short term rental in their unit. Non-owner occupants are not permitted to operate short term rentals in their leased units.The ordinance takes a three-tiered approach to classifying short-term rental units:Limited Share Unit:consists of a private bedroom or shared space in the owner-operator's primary residence, in which the operator is present during the rental. The fee associated with this classification is $25 per year.Home Share Unit:consists of a whole unit available for a short-term rental at the primary residence of the owner-operator (unit in which operator resides for at least nine months out of a 12 month period). The fee associated with this classification is $200 per year.Owner-Adjacent Unit:consists of an owner-occupied two- or three-family building, in which the owner lists a single secondary unit as a short-term rental. The fee associated with this classification is $200 per year.The regulations also provide protections for the occupants of the short-term rental unit by prohibiting any property with outstanding housing, sanitary, building, fire or zoning-code violations from being listed. In addition, the operator is required to provide notice to abutters of a short-term rental unit within 30 days of approved registration.The regulations require the unit to register with the City of Boston each year to verify compliance with the provisions of the ordinance, and pay an annual license fee. Penalties will be incurred to any person who offers an ineligible unit as a short-term rental, fails to register, or fails to comply with a notice of violation.To assist with the enforcement of regulations, booking platforms will be required to provide the City with monthly data and information relative to the short-term rental listings that detail the location and occupancy numbers.In January, the City released a Request for Information (RFI) to identify software solutions that will enable operators to register and renew short-term rental units online, and facilitate the enforcement of the conditions of allowable short-term rental use.Today's announcement builds on Mayor Walsh's commitment to addressing the housing demands in Boston. To date, the Walsh Administration has committed more than $100 million in funding to the creation and preservation of affordable housing. Today's announcement builds on the City's preservation and anti-displacement goals, outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, Mayor Walsh's housing plan, and the housing goals laid out inImagine Boston 2030, Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years. As part of both plans, Boston has prioritized increasing the overall housing supply, with a focus on creating and preserving affordable housing.In addition, a new source of funding for affordable housing, historic preservation, open space and public recreation was established through passage of theCommunity Preservation Actin November 2016.Since the launch of the housing plan, 24,454 new units have been permitted. When complete, these developments will be enough to house 48,600 new residents, and begin to relieve pressure on rents in existing housing. Of these, 4,649 new income-restricted units have been permitted, of which 2,234 are targeted to low income households. There are an additional 4,240 deed-restricted units in the City's development pipeline.Data shows that the availability of short-term rental units has a direct correlation to housing costs. A 2016 study by UMass Boston found a 0.4% increase in rent prices due to increases in AirBNB listings, and a nationwide UCLA student also found a 0.42% increase.In addition to rent increases, the commercialization of short-term rentals in residential dwellings and residential neighborhoods has the potential to reduce availability of long-term housing for owners and tenants alike, and is contrary to the Administration's goal of adding 53,000 units of housing across a variety of income levels by 2030.In addition to creating new housing, the Walsh Administration is focused on protecting the tenancies of Boston's residents, launching the nation's firstOffice of Housing Stabilityin 2016. In addition, Mayor Walsh has strengthened tenants' access to information by creating thecity's first online guide to the eviction process."
"The legislation, in an effort to regulate the rising short-term rental industry and create solutions for the housing crisis in Boston, will prohibit investors and tenants from renting their homes by the night through websites such as Airbnb. Owner-occupants of two and three family homes will be allowed to continue to do so.On Wednesday, the Council Chamber was filled with constituents on both sides of the matter, some hoping to better understand the new proposed regulations, others hoping the new rules will open up housing opportunities for tenants who would like to rent through a traditional 12-month lease. The rule requires that hosts of short-term rentals register with the City every year and pay a respective fee based on the type of unit. The data of the registry will be publicly available and will provide information regarding the location of short term rental activity in Boston.The new rules take effect on January 1, 2019. One of the approved amendments created a ""sunset period"" to provide more time for those with pre-existing agreements or executed leases, so that there is an opportunity to continue their leases until September 1, 2019."
To celebrate Hyde Park turning 150, local businesses will host an action-packed block party! The center of Hyde Park will be shut down and the party will literally be taken to the streets. Youll enjoy local food trucks, breweries, musicians, and more, all coming together to create a truly one-of-a-kind event!This event is scheduled for Saturday, June 16, from 7 - 11 p.m. and is a 21+ event.
The first group, which came in first place and won the Change Maker Award, presented a project about bringing more community perspective to the ombudsman review board for the Boston Police Department by increasing board membership from three members to 11 members. Presenters included Jeniya Herbert, Sadie Keesbury, Katherine Lamanna, and Lexica Taylor.The second group, which came in second place and won the Collaboration and Diversity Award, presented a project advocating for funding of youth programs to address anti-gun violence initiatives. Presenters included Owen Rogers, Mariah Black, and Anthony Baez.The third group, whichunfortunately did not win but were still invited to speak about their project during the Council meeting, presented a project advocating for increased funding of Boston infrastructure projects, including fixing potholes and improving conditions of roads. Presenters included Natasha May, Sade McElroy, and John Early.Justin Norton, an 8th grade teacher at Boston Latin Academy, stated that the students are very excited about civic engagement and its a big part of what they do.The City Council is always excited and awed to welcome students from any school to enhance their understanding and commitment to civic engagement.
MassNFCAs mission is to create community and opportunity for current and former foster youth through education, employment, service and leadership. Their vision is for alumni of foster care to be well connected and well supported throughout all phases of their life.Councilor Pressley gave a special shout out to one of her aids Luz Villar, who has lived in 22 foster homes. Councilor Pressley said, Luz still managed to maintain excellent grades and graduated from Cambridge College with honors. She is smart, she is resilient, she is compassionate and committed, and she is not alone. There are many formally foster cared youth like Luz.Villar said, I moved to over 22 foster homes within the time I spent in DYS custody. Organizations like MassNFCA are important because this was the part of my life I tried to hide  most out of fear that no one would know or understand what it means to be in foster care. I am starting realize that the things I felt most embarrassed about as a child are actually the same things that have empowered me most as a woman.You can find more information on MassNFCAonline.
Last month, I had the opportunity to participate in a public meeting with the MBTA to talk about Bus Stop Improvements in South Boston. This meeting was held to inform residents about the Ts Better Bus Project, which aims to improve the quality of fixed-route bus transit in every neighborhood.An important part of the MBTAs work focuses on improving accessibility for people with disabilities at bus stops, with the goal of making all its bus stops fully ADA compliant. The T recently concluded an ADA assessment of every bus stop in its network as part of their PATI project (Plan for Accessible Transit Infrastructure). Now they are beginning to implement accessibility upgrades at bus stops on priority bus routes, as in South Boston. The T is committed to working closely with neighborhood residents to ensure that all of their concerns are addressed throughout this process.Another piece of the Better Bus Project focuses on dedicated bus lanes, which the T hopes can ease commuting times for Boston residents. However, there are numerous factors involved in this process because our streets are built to accommodate multi-modal travel, including vehicular traffic, bike lanes, pedestrians, and parking. The T will continue to study the effectiveness of bus lanes as it aims to strike a balance of different types of travel on city streets.In all of these endeavors, the MBTA is making an intentional effort to get the community's perspective, and give everyone a chance to voice their concerns. I truly appreciate their efforts to strategize with residents to improve transit in their neighborhoods. My office will continue to work with the T, with other city departments, and with community stakeholders to ensure that accessibility for people with disabilities remains a top priority.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the three winning projects of theYouth Lead the Changevote, a participatory budgeting process where young Bostonians ages 12-25 decide how to allocate $1 million of the City's Capital Plan. This vote is the fifth time that the City has engaged young Boston residents in the budgetary process, and is the first initiative of its kind in the nation.""Youth Lead the Change creates a process to engage young people all over Boston in the City's budgeting decisions,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Young people are working together, polling their peers, and addressing the issues that matter most to them. In addition to empowering young people today, we are cultivating a generation of Boston youth who are not only passionate, but also have the tools and knowledge to shape the future.""""Empowering youth to bring about tangible change is essential to building up our communities,"" said Chief of Health and Human Services, Marty Martinez. ""Through this participatory budgeting process, young people evaluate the needs of their community and collectively decide on allocating critical resources that create positive change for themselves and for the city.""TheMayor's Youth Councilpartnered with youth organizations to write the rules and oversee the implementation of the process. Voting polls were stationed at local train stations, youth centers and school buildings for the city-wide vote and votes could be submitted online. 3,461 eligible votes came in from Boston's youngest populations. This year, young people conducted extra outreach to engage LGBTQ youth, homeless youth, undocumented residents, and court or gang involved youth.The winning Youth Lead the Change projects for 2018 are:First Place: Fans In Schools:Install fans in schools that lack central air conditioning to provide a more comfortable learning environment in the summer.Second Place: Youth WiFi Lounge:Create an accessible youth WiFi lounge in Boston City Hall for students to be able to connect with other students, collaborate on youth initiatives and projects, gain access to city agencies, and apply for youth jobs. This space will have access to Wicked Free WiFi, laptops, desktops, and meeting space.Third Place: Add Solar Panels To Buildings:Place solar panels on city-owned property to help save money in the long term as we combat climate change and lose oil and fossil fuel reserves.""Participating in YLC gives young people a voice in government and the opportunity to connect with their neighborhood and select capital projects that can help make Boston a better and safer city,"" said Vikiana Petit-Homme, age 16, Youth Director of Youth Lead the Change. Vikiana recently shared the success of Youth Lead the Change with Mayors around the country at the US Conference of Mayors Boston gathering.Past projects selected for funding have included expanding Wicked Free WiFi, installing water bottle refilling stations at parks and placing newer trash cans and recycling bins in select neighborhoods.Youth Lead the Change (YLC) is managed by Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Division of Youth Engagement and Employment, in close collaboration with a steering committee comprised of community and youth serving organizations. To learn more about Youth Lead the Change, visityouth.boston.govor contact the BCYF Division of Youth Engagement and Employment at 617-635-4202.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Boston's largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayor's Summer Jobs Program."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a new investment of $500,000 for workplace sensitivity training to be included in the Fiscal Year 2019 (FY19) budget. This new funding will support expanded training on racial and gender bias, sexual harassment and employee awareness through initiatives such as workshops for employees and managers, hiring facilitators to lead discussions on these important issues, and updating policies and training manuals.""It's incredibly important that we are providing managers with the tools necessary to lead a safe and welcoming workplace for all people, regardless of their gender, race or sexual orientation,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""It is my priority to ensure that every manager at the City of Boston knows their responsibilities when it comes to harassment in the workplace and every employee knows their rights. We will not tolerate any behavior that goes against these values and this additional training will only help to ensure an inclusive workplace for all.""Training will begin with the public safety departments at the City of Boston, which include Emergency Medical Services, the Boston Fire Department, and the Boston Police Department.""This commitment by Mayor Walsh will allow for the City of Boston to ensure it has the most up-to-date employment policies and providing the most effective training to its managers and employees,"" said Chief Financial Officer Emme Handy, whose responsibilities include oversight of the budget, as well as Human Resources and Labor Relations. ""I look forward to working closely with public safety and all departments as we begin this important work.""""As we continue our focus on building a diverse workforce at the City of Boston, I am confident that anti-bias training will be an informative and helpful resource,"" said Danielson Tavares, Chief Diversity Officer. ""I have worked in partnership with departments across the city, especially the diversity officers at Boston Police and Boston Fire, over the past few years to ensure we are attracting and supporting a diverse pool of candidates and I welcome Mayor Walsh's unwavering support in furthering our diversity goals.""In January, Mayor Walsh required cabinet and department heads at the City of Boston to attend sexual harassment training. Previously, a mandatory training for cabinet and department heads on sexual harassment, ethics and other employee policies was held in October 2015. In addition, all City of Boston employees sign an acknowledgment of harassment policies upon hire.Consistent with Boston's annual budget process, the Mayor will resubmit the FY19 Operating Budget to the City Council onJune 18, 2018.For more information about the budget, visit Boston's budget website:budget.boston.gov"
My goal in regulating short-term rentals has always been to responsibly incorporate the growth of the home-share industry into our work to create affordable housing for all by striking a fair balance between preserving housing while still allowing Bostonians to benefit from this new industry. I look forward to signing this legislation and I am committed to monitoring the impacts to ensure it serves its intended purpose in our neighborhoods.
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) invites Boston girls to Girls Nights, a series of free girls-only events throughout the summer. All activities are designed to bring girls together in a safe, non-competitive environment where they can be themselves, meet other girls their age and engage with role models.BCYF Girls Nights also connects girls with resources and opportunities while they enjoy a positive and fun experience with their peers. Last summer over 1,700 girls participated in BCYFs Girls Nights.The Girls Nights schedule is as follows:Thursday, June 28BCYF Girls Summer Kick Off Beauties & the BeachBCYF Curley Community Center, South BostonAll ages - 4-7PMSaturday, July 14Franklin Park Zoo, DorchesterAll ages- 11AM-2PMWednesday, July 18Rock Climbing & BBQBCYF Menino Community Center, RoslindaleAges 10-17 - 5-7PMTuesday, July 24 Boston Bowl, DorchesterAll ages- 4-7PMTuesday, July 31Codzilla (NEW), DowntownAges 7 and Up- 4:15PMTuesday, August 7Lip Sync BattleBCYF Perkins Community Center, DorchesterAll ages- 5-7PMSaturday, August 11 New England Aquarium, DowntownAll ages- 10am-3PMTuesday, August 21 Ice Cream Social at JP Licks, Mission HillAll Ages- 4-6PMThursday, August 23End of Summer Party!Skate Night in partnership with Boston Police District B3 at Chez Vous, DorchesterAll ages- 6-8PMTo learn more and to register visit Boston.gov/BCYF-Girls. Follow us @BCYFcenters for updates and weather cancellations.BCYF serves thousands of young people throughout the summer through day camps and full day programs, teen-only and girls-only programs, sports and fitness programs, and family-friendly neighborhood block parties. Visit the summer page of our website to learn more.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayors Summer Jobs Program.
Hi, my name is Ginger!I am a one-year-old spayed female Shih Tzu. I am very sweet andpatient, and I get along with kids and other dogs.I am low-key and would enjoy just relaxing and sitting next to you while you read or watch TV. Come and visit me!
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Patrick Mahoney to demolish the two-story masonry structure at 200-204 Old Colony Avenue and the single-family house at 11 Frederick Street in South Boston,MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 22, 2018.
Our research team recently met with City and state representatives, energy experts, and equity advisers. The group discussed the electric grids current energy mix and how a new state law affects Bostons path to carbon neutrality.For Boston to become carbon neutral, the electric grid needs to switch to clean energy. In its future scenario, the team assumes that Bostons transportation and building sectors will switch to electricity. For example, homes that use oil-fired furnaces will switch to electric heat pumps. But electricity is currently Bostons largest source of energy emissions. Thats because Boston gets its electricity from the New England grid, which still relies on natural gas. In 2016, the New England grid only generated 10% of its electricity from renewable energy. For Boston to both electrify and decarbonize, the electric grid needs to get cleaner too.In August 2017, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts passed the Clean Energy Standard. This new law requires the Massachusetts electric grid to run on 80% clean energy by 2050.But Boston needs to go further. Under the new law, in 2050, one-fifth of its electricity will still come from fossil fuels. And Boston still burns natural gas and oil to heat buildings and power vehicles.You can learn more about the energy policy options that wereevaluating.The team is also studying how electric vehicle charging and district energy systems will affect building sector emissions. You can view a comprehensive list of building policy options.During another recent meeting, the research team shared some findings related to transportation. They have found that, in 2016:The team also identified key national trends that will influence transportation through 2050:Here are some of the transportation policy options the team will be looking at:You can learn more about the transportation policy options under study.The Carbon Free Boston team is coordinating with the ongoing Zero Waste Boston planning initiative. The Zero Waste Bostonadvisory committee recently had its second meeting.The committee broke out into two groups to discuss potential zero waste initiatives. One group focused on residential waste. The other group focused on waste from Boston's institutional, commercial and industrial sectors.For more information on the Zero Waste Boston initiative, please visit our Zero Waste Bostonpage.Do you see something missing? Carbon Free Boston is an ongoing initiative, and were always listening for ideas to reach Bostons climate goals. If you have any suggestions or questions on the work were doing, please email us at greenovate@boston.gov.Greenovate Boston is Mayor Walshs initiative to get all Bostonians involved in eliminating the pollution that causes global climate change, while continuing to make Boston a healthy, thriving, and innovative city. Greenovate works with the broader community to implement the Citys Climate Action Plan, which is a roadmap to become carbon neutral by 2050.Over the next couple months, the researchteam is going to be modeling greenhouse gasemission scenarios. They will quantify how various policy options could affect Bostons future carbon emissions. Through this work, the Carbon Free Boston team will identify the benefits and costs of the possible strategies. The research team will also address equity issues in its analysis. The final report results will help the City to make informed choices as we update our Climate Action Planover the upcoming year.Boston is committed to becoming carbon neutral by 2050. Climate change poses a serious threat, for both Boston and the world. If we don't take action now, sea level rise over the next century could leave more than 30% of Boston underwater. Going carbon neutral means we have to start making tough decisions to cut our emissions and do our part to help prevent the worst effects of climate change.Last year, Mayor Martin J. Walsh launched a new initiative, Carbon Free Boston, to help us reach our carbon neutrality goal. Our first step is to study how different policies and technologies can help us meet our goal of reaching carbon neutrality by 2050. The ongoing Carbon Free Boston research project focuses on four key sectors: energy, buildings, transportation, and waste. Its findings will inform the next update to Bostons Climate Action Plan.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh, in collaboration with the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture today announced the City of Boston is seeking nominations and applications for its next Poet Laureate.The Poet Laureate plays a vital role to Bostons literary and poetic landscape by educating the public about the power of words, said Mayor Walsh. The City of Boston has been so fortunate to have Danielle Legros Georges serve as the Poet Laureate, and I am eager to see this next Poet Laureate build on her accomplishments.The Poet Laureate program, established in 2008, was started to highlight literary arts and promote appreciation for poetry. The Poet Laureates challenge is to inspire deeper engagement in the written and spoken word.The Citys Poet Laureate acts as an advocate for poetry, language and the arts, and creates a unique artistic legacy through public readings and civic events. The mission for the laureateship is to raise the status of poetry in the everyday consciousness of Bostonians.The Poet Laureates work is a great example of the Boston Creates Cultural Plan in action. To integrate arts and culture into all aspects of civic life is a major goal of the plan and this work really does embody that aspiration, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. We look forward to continuing to use poetry to promote community engagement, expression and participation in the literary arts.The Poet Laureate will be expected to participate in civic events, act as a literary ambassador to the City, and enhance current Boston Public Schools and Boston Public Library poetry programs through engagement and outreach. They will also serve as a juror for the annual Mayors Poetry Program at City Hall, participate in National Poetry Month each April, and act as a resource for the City of Bostons Youth Poet Laureate.It has been a great honor and pleasure to serve as Bostons second Poet Laureate, said Danielle Legros Georges, the Citys current Poet Laureate. The role has taught me so much about the City, including how cherished and relevant poetry is as an art form within it. Most of all, Ive appreciated meeting Bostonians of all stages and walks of life who love, like, and are curious about poetry and who value the power of the arts in the world. I very much look forward to welcoming our third Laureate in 2019.Applicants must be at least 21 years of age, have resided in the City of Boston for a minimum of one year prior to nomination, and and be active as professional poets who have strong commitments to the community. The Poet Laureate is a ceremonial and not a political appointment, and the term of service is four years.A distinguished group of literary professionals has been gathered to act as a search committee. The Laureate Selection Panel will evaluate all entries and hold interviews with the final candidates. The City will announce the new Poet Laureate in December 2018, with a term to begin in January of 2019.Applications can be submitted digitally or by mail, and the deadline is September 3, 2018. You can nominate an individual online as the Poet Laureate. You can also apply online to be the next Poet Laureate.
A selection committee comprised of SPARK Boston Council members reviewed more than a hundred nominations in order to select these finalists. A round of online voting will determinethe winners in each category.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Alexandre Mussi Pereirato demolish a single-story, masonry structureat 243 Condor Street in East Boston.,MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 21, 2018.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced he has been appointed to be a member of the Board of Trustees, the top tier of leadership positions within the US Conference of Mayors, which is currently hosting its 86th annual meeting in Boston. The Trustees guide the organization's work for the coming year, from connecting mayors to share ideas and tackle common challenges, setting a robust policy agenda at the national level, and elevating mayors' voices on issues that face cities every day.As part of the conference, over 250 mayors met in Boston, beginningon Friday, to discuss a wide variety of priorities that contribute to the overall health of America's cities, as well as consider and adopt the policy resolutions that guide the advocacy agenda of the organization.""It is an honor to be named to the Board of Trustees for the US Conference of Mayors, and I thank USCM President Mayor Benjamin, Second Vice President Mayor Barnett, Director Cochran and members of the USCM nominating committee for their support,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This conference has been a very productive gathering of leaders from across the nation, who are forging a new national conversation with a unified voice, putting our best ideas forward to lead the way in solving America's toughest challenges. As mayors, the issues facing our country are not political distractions to us, they are our daily to do list. It has been an honor to host the mayors in Boston because at this moment in America's history, cities are leading the way.""Mayor Walsh continues to lead on issues of housing, substance use recovery, and equity here in Boston, and among his colleagues nationwide. He currently serves as Chair of the Substance Use, Prevention and Recovery Task Force, as well as Chair of the Community Development and Housing Standing Committee.As part of the conference, Mayor Walsh sponsored nine resolutions, all of which were passed through their respective committees. These resolutions keep a sharp focus on these topics and help push the national conversation towards collaborative solutions cities can do locally, while advocating for strong partnerships between cities and our federal leaders.The resolutions, and the committee they were processed through, include:#3 - Support Direct Federal Funding to Cities to Provide Substance Use Disorder Prevention, Treatment, and Recovery Services#5 - In Support of the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act#15 - Supporting the Community Development Block Grant (CDBG) Program#16 - Supporting the HOME Investment Partnership Program#18 - Supporting HUD's Homeless Assistance Programs#21 - Celebrating the 50th Anniversary of the Fair Housing Act#22 - Support the Opportunity Starts at Home Campaign#74- Supporting Cultural Equity#10 - Celebrating America's Mayors Who Make Health Policy a First-Tier Solution to Municipal ChallengesThe final language for each resolution can befound here.The Mayors collectivelyproposed and passed a resolution thanking Mayor Walshfor hosting the 86th meeting of the US Conference of Mayors.The Conference holds its Winter Meeting each January in Washington, D.C. and an Annual Meeting each June in a different U.S. city. Additional meetings and events are held as directed by the Conference leadership. Conference members speak with a united voice on organizational policies and goals. Mayors contribute to the development of national urban policy by serving on one or more of the conference's standing committees. Conference policies and programs are developed and guided by an Executive Committee and Advisory Board, as well as the standing committees and task forces which are formed to meet changing needs.During the Conference's Annual Meeting in June, standing committees recommend policy positions they believe should be adopted by the organization. The policy positions adopted at the annual meeting collectively represent the views of the nation's mayors and are distributed to the President of the United States and Congress. In addition to the ongoing work of the Conference's standing committees, mayors are organized into task forces to examine and act on issues that demand special attention such as civic innovation, economic mobility, hunger and homelessness, and infrastructure.Learn more about the conference here."
Special events taking place fromFriday, June 15, throughSunday, June 17, will impact traffic and parking in the City of Boston.People coming into the City for these events are encouraged to refrain from using their personal vehicles.You can find information aboutBlue Bikes, the regional bike-share service, online, as well as informationabout the MBTA. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket.Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.Zac Brown Band concerts will take place at Fenway ParkonFriday, June 15, andSaturday, June 16.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special EventFridayandSaturday2:00 PM to 11:59 PM temporary parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Parking Reserved for HP-DV Parking OnlyFridayandSaturday temporary parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Massachusetts March for Lifewill take place onSunday, June 17, beginning at2:30 PM.Marchers will exit the Boston Common on Charles Street at Beacon Street, turn left on to Beacon Street, left on Arlington Street, left on Boylston Street, left on Charles Street, and re-enter the Boston Common at Boylston Street.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special EventSunday12 Noon to 6 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
Boston Parks Commissioner Chris Cook and The Skating Club of Boston are pleased to welcome children and guests to kick off the 2018 summer season as the Boston Common Frog Pond spray pool reopens on Friday, June 29.The Frog Pond spray pool is where Bostons youth come to cool off in hot weather, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Families are invited to Boston Common and the Public Garden for a great summer day in the city with the Tadpole Playground, carousel, food concessions, historic monuments, Make Way for Ducklings statues, and world-famous Swan Boats all within a short walk.In addition to activities from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m., information regarding upcoming summer programs offered by the City of Boston will be available to families and residents and tasty treats will be provided by in-kind sponsors HP Hood LLC, Power Crunch protein bars, Perfectly Free Fruit Bites, and Polar Beverages. The celebration will feature a special visit from official mascot Frog Pond Freddie, entertainment, face painting, and activities and giveaways from L.L. Bean, Cambridge Science on the Streets, media sponsor Magic 106.7, PJ Library in Greater Boston, and the Uncle Drew movie starring the Boston Celtics own Kyrie Irving and opening in theaters June 29. In addition, children of all ages are eligible to enter a summer raffle.Families will also be able to enjoy a ride on the Boston Common Carousel. The Carousel is handicapped accessible and has height requirements: anyone 42 or taller can ride alone anyone under 42 requires the presence of an adult. Admission for the ride is $3 with 10 ride cards available for $25. Hours of operation are Sunday through Thursday 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. and Friday and Saturday 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.A year-round recreational facility, the Frog Pond offers ice skating in the winter, a spray pool and supervised wading for youth in the summer, and the Carousel from spring through fall. Information on additional activities offered at the Frog Pond can be found on the Frog Pond website.The Frog Pond spray pool is open daily from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m.until Labor Day. The facility is managed by The Skating Club of Boston and staffed by youth workers from the Boston Youth Fund. For further information, please call the Frog Pond at 617-635-2120.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture today announced several exhibits will be on display this month in the City Hall galleries.The galleries at City Hall this month represent a wide array of artwork from a very diverse group of artists, said Mayor Walsh. I look forward to having this art enhance the building this summer, and I encourage residents and visitors to the City to come see the exhibits on display.This months shows include:Its great to see so many local artists recognized by the City of Boston, and to bring increased visibility to their artwork in this way, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. Continuously filling this building with art is one way that we are making city government more accessible, welcoming, and responsive to artists, and accomplishing the goals outlined in the Boston Creates cultural plan.Artists can apply to have their work shown in the City Hall galleries here. For more information on the City Hall galleries, visit here.
The Digital Team has been busy helping departments push out new content for residents. We try to write about some of our biggest projects. But, theres a lot of helpful information we publish every day that we often miss the chance to talk about. Were changing that, because our goal is to make sure you know about these resources.Here are a few new pieces of content on Boston.gov that we want to highlight.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and MLK Boston today announced the memorial project honoring the legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. and Coretta Scott King has been expanded to include an outdoor memorial on the Boston Common, a high-tech, immersive educational experience in Dudley Square at a location to be announced, and plans for an endowment for King-related programming developed with Roxbury's Twelfth Baptist Church. This expansion is the result of community feedback received during 14 public meetings held in neighborhoods across Boston.In addition to engaging with the community, the City of Boston and MLK Bostonissued an international call for artistsfor the memorial in December. The City received 126 submissions from local and international artists and teams, and after careful review, the MLK Boston Art Committee has selected five finalists. As finalists, these five artists and teams will develop design proposals that will be made available for public comment in September at a location to be announced.""The public has been instrumental by sharing their feedback, ideas and hopes for the memorial, and I want to thank everyone that has contributed to this process,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By expanding the reach of this memorial from Roxbury to the Boston Common, we are elevating the Kings' living legacy for residents and visitors across Boston in a way that has never been done before. I'm confident that these five artists have the knowledge, experience, and talent to use feedback from the community to create a world-class memorial that honors the Kings' impact on the City and beyond.""""It is vitally important that this memorial is accessible to the people of Boston. Dr. King dedicated his life to fighting for civil rights, racial equity, and economic justice, so it is fitting to have Dudley Square, in the heart of Roxbury, as a location for this memorial, in addition to the Boston Common,"" said City Councilor Kim Janey. ""This will add to the vibrancy of this cultural and economic center. I commend the artists on being named finalists, and I look forward to seeing this tribute honoring Dr. King's legacy.""The memorial will commemorate Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s years in Boston, as well as the public philosophies of Dr. King, and the legacy of his work around the world. In addition, a key goal of the memorial is to serve as a call to action that compels the community to confront racial and economic inequality, discrimination and other relevant social justice issues. It is also intended to reflect Coretta Scott King's faith in the power of art, and her struggles against militarism, poverty, discrimination, racism, and sexism.""We are humbled by the outpouring of interest in this project, as well as the quality of all of the artists' submissions,"" said Robin Powell Mandjes, Executive Director of MLK Boston. ""The artist selection process reflects input that we've received from across the city, across communities, and across constituencies. We could not be more pleased with this outstanding group of finalists.""The five finalists selected to develop design proposals include:Barbara Chase-Riboud has been creating abstract art for over 50 years, and has developed her own particular innovation on the bronze sculpture method by creating thin sheets of wax that she could bend, fold, meld, or sever to produce large-scale sculptures comprised of ribbons of bronze and aluminum. She later added fiber to these metal elements to create some of her most renowned works - among which were a group of 20 sculptures memorializing Malcolm X and his transformation ""from a convict to a world leader."" Chase-Riboud has been the recipient of numerous awards and honorary degrees, including a Doctorate of Fine Arts from Temple University (1981), the Women's Caucus for Art Lifetime Achievement Award from the College Art Association (2007), and the Tannie Award in the Visual Arts in Paris (2013). Her work has also been exhibited at numerous institutions worldwide. Michael Rosenfeld Gallery has represented Barbara Chase-Riboud since 2014. The gallery supports her application and will offer project management throughout the commission.Born in Tanzania to Ghanaian parents, architect David Adjaye's broad range of influences, ingenious use of materials, and sculptural ability have established him as an architect with an artist's sensibility and vision. His largest project to date, the $540 million Smithsonian Institute National Museum of African American History and Culture in Washington, D.C. was named Cultural Event of the Year by the New York Times. Artist Adam Pendleton is known for his conceptual practice, which encompasses painting, sculpture, writing, film, and performance. He integrates writings by Malcolm X, John Ashbery, Gertrude Stein, and others, and also incorporates the language of civil rights and social justice movements throughout his work, including the phrase ""Black Lives Matter"" in his installation at the 2015 Venice Biennale. Future\Pace is an international cultural partnership between Pace Gallery and FutureCity innovating multidisciplinary projects for art in the public realm. Established in 2016 by Futurecity founder Mark Davy, Pace London President Mollie Dent-Brocklehurst, and Pace worldwide CEO Marc Glimcher, Future\Pace draws on combined expertise in curating large-scale collaborative, multidisciplinary artworks through an extensive global network of contemporary artists, galleries, and resources.Hank Willis Thomas is a conceptual artist working primarily with themes related to identity, history and popular culture. His work has been exhibited throughout the U.S. and abroad, including the International Center of Photography, Guggenheim Museum Bilbao, and the Cleveland Museum of Art. Thomas' work is in numerous public collections including the Museum of Modern Art New York, the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum, the Whitney Museum of American Art, and the National Gallery of Art in Washington DC. He is also the recipient of the 2017 Soros Equality Fellowship and the 2017 AIMIA | AGO Photography Prize. MASS Design Group designs built environments that seek to improve people's lives in measurable ways and are infused by the potential to promote justice and human dignity. Based in Boston and Kigali, Rwanda, MASS forces the building process to engage with end stakeholders, and become a catalyst for hope and change in physical space. The MASS portfolio of work includes architectural design, master planning, landscape architecture, engineering, and research.Wodiczko+Bonder is a partnership established in 2003 and based in Cambridge, Massachusetts by artist and professor Krzysztof Wodiczko and architect and professor Julian Bonder. Wodiczko + Bonder focuses on art and design projects that engage public space and raise the issues of social memory, survival, and struggle and emancipation related to urban and domestic violence, war and post war trauma, immigration and global displacement, the Holocaust and genocides, the Desaparecidos (in Argentina), the Civil War, and historical and present day slavery. The partnership's experience ranges from temporary work such as design of participatory projections on monument and communicative urban equipment to design of residential, cultural and civic buildings, institutes, museums, memorials and commemorative public spaces. Maryann Thompson Architects (MTA) is a Cambridge-based architecture firm that specializes in architecture that is sustainable, regionally driven and that attempts to heighten the phenomenological qualities of the site in which they work. The firm has received three AIA National Honor Awards and numerous AIA New England Design Honor Awards and BSA Honor Awards for Design Excellence.Yinka Shonibare MBE was born in 1962 in London and moved to Lagos, Nigeria at the age of three. He returned to London to study Fine Art, first at Byam School of Art and then at Goldsmiths College, where he received his MFA. Shonibare's work explores issues of race and class through the media of painting, sculpture, photography and film. Shonibare questions the meaning of cultural and national definitions. His trademark material is the brightly coloured 'African' batik fabric, which is a symbol of African identity and independence. Shonibare was a Turner prize nominee in 2004, and was also awarded the decoration of Member of the 'Most Excellent Order of the British Empire' or MBE, a title he has added to his professional name. Shonibare was notably commissioned by Okwui Enwezor at Documenta 11, Kassel, in 2002 to create his most recognised work 'Gallantry and Criminal Conversation' that launched him on to an international stage. Shonibare's works are included in prominent collections internationally, including the Tate Collection, London National Museum of African Art, Smithsonian Institute, Washington, D.C National Gallery of Modern Art in Rome and VandenBroek Foundation, The Netherlands.Each of the five finalists will receive a $10,000 stipend from MLK Boston for developing design proposals. The City will announce the final artist selection in November."
Traffic and parking will be impacted in the City of Boston beginning on Friday, June 8, due to street closures and parking restrictions that will be implemented to allow for scheduled construction activity and special events.The Boston Transportation Department encourages people coming into the City to refrain from using their personal vehicles.You can find information about Blue Bikes, the regional bike-share service, online, as well as informationabout the MBTA. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket.Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.Beginning onSaturday, June 9, at 6 AM, Devonshire Street in Downtown Boston will be closed to through motor vehicle and bicycle traffic until further notice due to scheduled construction activity.Through pedestrian access will be maintained on the western sidewalk.Vehicle and bicycle access to the 100 Summer Street parking garage, the 100 Summer Street loading dock, the Common Vines wine shop, and residences on Devonshire Street will remain available using a two-way street system.The Boston Pride Parade will take place on Saturday, June 9with participantsgathering on Boylston Street between Clarendon and Dalton Streets.The parade will begin at12 PMand proceed on Clarendon Street, left on Tremont Street, left on Berkeley Street, right on Boylston Street, left on Charles Street, right on Beacon Street, left on Tremont Street, straight on Cambridge Street, right onto City Hall Plaza.Streets along the route will be closed to traffic through approximately4 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special EventSaturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special EventSaturdayadSunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Boston Dyke March will take place on Friday, June 8,with participants departing from the Parkman Bandstand on the Boston Common at7 PM, turning right on Charles Street, left on Beacon Street, left on Arlington Street, right on Commonwealth Avenue, left onto Clarendon Street, left on Boylston Street, returning to the Boston Common at the corner of Boylston and Charles Streets.Traffic will be held back at intersections as participants proceed along the route.The Pride Womens Block Party will take place onSaturday, June 9.LaGrange Street, from Tremont Street to Washington Street, will be closed to traffic from12 PM to 7 PM.Tow Zone No StoppingSaturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Chandler Street Block Party will take place onSaturday, June 9.Chandler Street, from Tremont Street to Berkeley Street, will be closed to traffic from7 AM to 8 PM.Tow Zone No StoppingSaturday6 AM to 9 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Boston Pride Back Bay Block Party will take place onSunday, June 10.Saint James Avenue, from Berkeley Street to Arlington Street, will be closed to traffic from6 AM to 11 PM.Tow Zone No StoppingSunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Boston Pride 2018 Jamaica Plain Block Party will take place onSunday, June 10.Perkins Street. From Centre Street to South Huntington Avenue, will be closed to traffic from6 AM to 11 PM.Tow Zone No StoppingSunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Battle of Bunker Hill Parade and the Battle of Bunker Hill Road Race will take place onSunday, June 10.Marchers will gather on Vine Street in Charlestown and the parade will begin at12:30 PM.An estimated 1,500 participants will march from Vine Street to Bunker Hill Street, to Main Street, to Monument Avenue, to Monument Square, to Winthrop Street to Common Street.Streets along the route will be closed to traffic through approximately5 PM.The Road Race will begin at10:30 AMand use streets along the parade route.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special EventSunday parking restrictions will be in place as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special EventSaturdayandSunday parking restrictions will be in place as follows.The Monument Avenue Block Party will take place on Saturday, June 9.Monument Avenue, from Warren Street to Monument Square, will be closed to traffic from12 Noon to 5 PM.The Saint Cecilia Summer Fest will take place onSunday, June 10.Saint Cecilia Street, from Belvidere Street to Scotia Street, will be closed to traffic from6 AM to 9 PM.
The City of Boston Transportation Department today announced that a permanent bus lane will be established on Washington Street, inbound from Roslindale Village to the Forest Hills MBTA Station.The lane will be active each weekday from 5 AM to 9 AM and bicycles will be welcome to share the lane with MBTA and school buses.An interim bus lane will be operational beginning Monday, June 18, as necessary work to implement a permanent design continues.It is sound transportation policy to implement along Washington Street a designated bus lane that also allows for people riding bikes, said City of Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca.Improving public transit and bus service in particular, is an identified goal of Go Boston 2030, the City of Bostons long-term, comprehensive transportation plan.The Roslindale bus lane was singled out as an early action project in the Go Boston 2030 Action Plan and we are pleased to be implementing this important component of our transportation plan.In partnership with the MBTA, BTD implemented a four week pilot program in May to ensure the effectiveness of a bus lane on this stretch of Washington Street and monitor its impact on the surrounding neighborhood.  The bus lane received strong support from Roslindale residents, bus riders and cyclists. Following the completion of the pilot, MBTA data confirmed that riders benefited from the bus lane, reducing travel time while in the lane by 20 to 25 percent during the worst hour of congestion (7:30 AMto 8:30 AM).For the 1,100 bus riders traveling through the corridor during that hour, that works out to 26 hours of passenger time saved on a typical day, or 38 hours saved on a day when road congestion was significantly higher than normal.In a survey of bus riders and bicyclists on the corridor, 94 percent supported a permanent bus and bicycle lane. Of the bus passengers, 92 percent perceived that the bus lane decreased their travel time.Of the bicyclists, 89 percent reported feeling safer in the shared lane.A survey of our bus customers and bicyclists during the pilot indicated that 94 percent stated they wanted the lane to continue permanently, said MBTA GM Luis Ramrez. We look forward to continuing this partnership with the City of Boston with the shared goals of improving mobility, delivering better bus service for MBTA customers, and reducing greenhouse gas emissions in our neighborhoods. I want to thank Mayor Walsh for his leadership on this initiative as we work to build on the success of the Washington Street pilot.Parking will not be permitted in the bus lane when it is in effect, but general motor vehicle travel will be maintained via full use of one travel lane inbound.Go Boston 2030 also identifies other heavily traveled bus routes, such as, Brighton Avenue, Washington Street in Downtown Boston, and North Washington Street, as prime locations for designated bus lanes.Learn more.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from George Minasidisto demolish the single-story, masonry structure at 1197-1207 Blue Hill Avenue in Dorchester,MA 02126.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 17, 2018.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced his plans to issue a Request for Information (RFI) for competitive pricing of large-scale renewable energy projects. The RFI will compile the energy demand data across participating U.S. cities and ask renewable energy developers for price estimates for projects that would meet their collective energy demand. Mayor Walsh today calls on more cities to join the renewable energy initiative and will lead a coalition of cities that provide their energy demand data in the RFI.""Our effort on renewable energy will not only help cities cut carbon emissions and get us closer to the goals of Paris Climate Agreement, it will help power our cities and create more, clean energy jobs,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We can do more than just address the problem of climate change, we can build a healthy, thriving future by working together.""The City of Boston is working with partner cities now to compile the collective energy load data for the RFI. The first cities to join the initiative include Chicago, IL Evanston, IL Houston, TX Los Angeles, CA Orlando, FL and Portland, OR. Each of these cities are part of the Climate Mayors network, representing more than 400 cities and 70 million people that Mayor Walsh Co-Chairs.""Cities wield the power to create demand and transform the energy market - and when we act together, we can show the world that environmental stewardship and economic prosperity go hand in hand,"" said Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti. ""As a chair of Climate Mayors, I'm proud to stand beside Mayor Walsh in the work of amplifying the role of cities and upholding the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement.""""I'd like to thank Mayors Garcetti, Emanuel, Hagerty, Turner, Dyer, and Wheeler for joining me on this initiative,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to working with other Climate Mayors in our network and beyond to keep the momentum going and demonstrating our role as city leaders to put forth real solutions.""""I applaud Mayor Walsh for taking aggressive steps to bring down carbon emissions levels in Boston, and for bringing cities together to protect the environment and grow jobs across the country,"" said Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel. ""The Trump administration has buried its head in the sand on climate change, which is why we committed all of Chicago's municipal buildings to 100% renewable by 2025.""""As the energy capital of the world, Houston will play a critical role in transforming the way we power the future. Our city, the largest municipal user of renewable energy in the nation, is proof that even big cities in red states cities can act on climate and maintain a robust, growing economy,"" said Houston Mayor Sylvester Turner.""Cities that invest in renewable energy are making the responsible choice for our global future and bringing our significant purchasing power to bear in the transition to a clean energy economy,"" said Mayor Ted Wheeler of Portland, OR.""All cities have a stake in the fight against climate change,"" said Evanston, IL Mayor Stephen Hagerty. ""I'm proud to partner with Mayor Walsh and mayors from across the country to explore ways to collectively reduce carbon emissions in our cities. Global climate action begins at the local level, and by working together we can have a much greater impact.""As more cities join the initiative, their energy demand data will be added to the collective load. The City of Boston hopes to finalize the list of participating cities and issue the RFI later this summer for responses from renewable energy developers. This action demonstrates the collective power of cities to invest in renewable energy and create more, middle class, clean energy jobs. If successful, a large-scale purchase of renewable energy will help power these cities, save money, and offset carbon emissions.Mayor Walsh officially announced his plans for the renewable energy initiative at today's International Mayors Climate Summit in Boston. Mayors from across the country and around the world joined Mayor Walsh and leaders from public and private sectors at Boston University. The group will discuss actions taken by mayors to address climate change globally and in their own communities. The one-day Summit will include a fireside chat with Secretary John Kerry, 68th U.S. Secretary of State, and Vice Chair of Bank of America Anne Finucane on financing global climate solutions. The Summit will also feature remarks from Administrator Gina McCarthy, 13th Administrator of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency before participating in panel on transportation.The Summit will be live-streamed and available to watch onBoston.gov/climate-summit.The Summit will also include a panel with the Co-Chairs of Climate Mayors, a network of U.S. mayors that participated in a similar joint-city initiative last year that demonstrates the collective power of cities to advance climate goals. The Climate Mayors initiative, led by the City of Los Angeles, issued an Electric Vehicle Request for Information (EV RFI) with 30 other cities in efforts to aggregate municipal demand of electric vehicles across the country. The EV RFI demonstrated demand for nearly 115,000 vehicles of all classes, including trash trucks, street sweepers, semis, shuttles, and buses - with an estimated value of $10 billion to replace the entire fleet. The RFI received 40 responses across all vehicle segments.Boston is taking bold action on climate to become a carbon neutral, climate ready city as outlined in its updated Climate Action Plan. Boston'sClimate Action Planserves as Boston's roadmap for reaching its goals of reducing carbon emissions and preparing for the impacts of climate change. The goals are supported byImagine Boston 2030, the first citywide plan in 50 years, that helps to ensure that climate plays a role in aspects of city planning.The city's current climate initiatives are laying the groundwork to advance its climate goals and to accelerate progress.Carbon Free Bostonis analyzing the options and pathways to achieve deep decarbonization. The initiative is weighing the costs and benefits of technologies and policies across key action areas including electric power, buildings, transportation, and waste. As part of this effort,Zero Waste Bostonis exploring pathways to turn Boston into a zero waste city through planning, policy, and community engagement.Additionally,Climate Ready Bostonis strengthening Boston's climate change resilience with near- and long-term planning. It is actively advancing Boston's vision of a resilient city through a comprehensive citywide vulnerability study, a community outreach program, and neighborhood-level implementation projects, including the installation of a flood wall in one of Boston's most flood-prone neighborhood.All of these initiatives will inform the upcoming update of Boston's Climate Action Plan."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA), with stakeholders from across the City, will launch planning initiatives this year in Downtown, East Boston, Mattapan, Newmarket, and a mobility-focused planning initiative in Allston-Brighton. Guided by Imagine Boston 2030, Mayor Walsh looks to continue working in partnership with communities across the City to ensure Boston preserves wisely, enhances equitably, and grows inclusively. Through these three principles of ""preserve, enhance, and grow,"" the planning initiatives will work with the community to create a comprehensive vision for each of the planning areas and guide future growth and investment.""Over the last four years, we have set strong foundations in our planning efforts that will guide our growth as a city in a way that is responsible and inclusive, for many years into the future,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These five new planning processes represent a continuation of our commitment to fulfill the individual needs of each neighborhood that both preserve the distinct historic character, and allow for us as a community to plan together for our bright future ahead.""The planning initiatives build on the strategies outlined inImagine Boston 2030, Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years aimed at guiding growth and those ofHousing A Changing City: Boston 2030, Mayor Walsh's plan to create housing at a variety of income levels across the City.The goals outlined in the Mayor's housing plan are currently being reviewed to ensure that they continue to reflect current conditions.Imagine Boston 2030 prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the City. To achieve this vision, Imagine Boston identifies places for growth and enhancement that will help the city achieve its goals of becoming more equitable, improving quality of life, and preparing for climate change. This includes:Enhance Neighborhoods:In some residential neighborhoods - such asEast Boston and Mattapan- comprehensive planning will include a focus on balancing contextually-sensitive development alongside preservation supporting existing residents and businesses through increased access to opportunity, affordability strategies, and anti-displacement policies improving the public realm and access to open space and neighborhood-serving amenities addressing mobility challenges and supporting neighborhood resiliency and preparing for climate change. In other neighborhoods - such asAllston-Brighton,mobility planning will help to address the challenges presented by the increased pace of development projects.Encourage a Mixed-Use Downtown:Continued dense, mixed-use development and public realm improvements in Boston's commercial core - such asDowntown- will support job growth and new housing opportunities, add amenities, and create active centers for residents, workers and visitors.Expand Neighborhoods:Significant new job growth in transit-accessible areas at the edges of neighborhoods - likeNewmarket- will expand access to opportunity and stitch together the physical fabric of the city.""We are looking forward to working closely with the BPDA on this initiative,"" said Sue Sullivan, Executive Director of the Newmarket Business Association. ""Newmarket has historically been Boston's industrial job engine and it will be incredibly exciting to plan the expansion of this job base to include new commercial, transit-oriented, and innovative industrial businesses that will employ local residents.""""I applaud the Mayor for following through on his commitment to East Boston regarding development planning,"" said Ernani Jose DeAraujo, Vice President of the Eagle Hill Civic Association. ""While residents have benefited from the strong economy and many jobs created in the past few years and as home prices have increased, we need a comprehensive plan for development to make sure all families can stay in East Boston and continue to thrive, regardless of their income.""""As a resident of East Boston and a Board Member with the Jeffries Point Neighborhood Association, I've seen many changes in the neighborhood,"" said Renee Scalfani. ""Thank you to Mayor Walsh and the BPDA for listening to residents and business-owners and establishing this PLAN: East Boston initiative. This is something that will help the neighborhood tremendously and working with the City on this issue will be beneficial for all the residents of East Boston."" ""Mattapan is in need of significant revitalization and we welcome it"" said Cynthia Lewis, Vice-President of the Mattapan Homeowners and Neighborhood Association. ""Historically, efforts have inadvertently caused displacement amongst Mattapan residents and it is our hope that this plan reflects the voice of the community andsupport the long-term equitable growth and sustainability that the existing residents of this neighborhood Mattapan deserve. Thank you to Mayor Walsh and the BPDA for this opportunity.""Over the last decade, Boston's Downtown has transformed from primarily a business district into a vibrant mixed-use neighborhood. A Downtown Planning Study is in the initial phases of being launched after it was identified in Imagine Boston 2030 and through the community process for the 115 Winthrop Square project. The primary goal of the study will be to develop a new framework for the preservation, enhancement, and growth of the Downtown area, while balancing the importance of livability, daylight, walkability, climate change, access to open space, affordability, and a dynamic mix of uses.A Request for Proposals (RFP)was released on Tuesday, May 29 for a consultant to assist with the study. Applicants must demonstrate excellence in urban design and land use planning, historic preservation, engineering services to study environmental impacts, market and financial feasibility analysis, multi-modal transportation policy, and sustainability and climate resiliency. Proposals are due by Friday, July 13.The formal community planning process is expected to start early this fall.PLAN: East Boston will work with the community in the existing neighborhoods in East Boston that are facing increased development pressures to determine a shared vision for the future of the neighborhood. Community discussion will focus on preservation of the existing residential fabric, enhancement of the vitality of existing residential communities and businesses, anti-displacement strategies for residents and businesses, connectivity along the waterfront, mobility, and flood protection and climate resiliency. The BPDA is exploring moving forward with an East Boston Interim Planning Overlay District (IPOD) for East Boston's existing residential neighborhoods, an interim zoning tool that is used to maintain increased public review and community voice in the evaluation of proposed new development during a planning process.PLAN: Mattapan will work with the community to identify needs and opportunities for improvements to support the long-term equitable growth and sustainability of the neighborhood. Focuses will include economic development, access to opportunity and the creation of transit-oriented market-rate and affordable housing growth in the neighborhood, while preserving the neighborhood's character.As identified in Imagine Boston 2030, the Newmarket area, located on the Fairmont line, offers opportunities for the preservation and strengthening of critical industrial uses alongside transit-oriented growth that increases job density and strengthens connections to Downtown and adjacent neighborhoods.PLAN: Newmarket will build on the historic industrial use of the neighborhood while exploring the potential to encourage commercial job growth and creates opportunities for local residents. The plan will work to ensure that future growth is climate ready and enhances area resiliency.Partly in response to the increased pace of development in recent years, the BPDA, in collaboration with the Boston Transportation Department, will commence a mobility study focused on strategies to improve the multi-modal transportation network, with a particular emphasis on establishing a list of measures that may be implemented through mitigation by future development.These planning initiatives build on the comprehensive community planning that has taken place under the Walsh Administration. Planning guidelines have been passed forPLAN: JP/RoxandPLAN: South Boston Dorchester Avenue, and planning efforts are ongoing in Roxbury's Dudley Square and Dorchester's Upham's Corner and Glover's Corner. Additional details about the planning initiatives announced today will be made available in the coming months."
Hi, my name is Rose!I am an eight-month-old spayed pit bull. I am very shy, especially around men, but when I get comfortable I am a hyper love bug!I love to play with toys andplay tug of war! Play groups are so fun because I get to make new friends!I would benefit from puppy training courses to teach me new tricks and commands. If you're interested in adopting me, and have the time to take me to classes, come visit me at the shelter in Roslindale!
My Commission hosted its eighth annual Community Forum on Disability Issues at the end of May. This event gives people in the disability community an opportunity to speak about issues that are relevant to them, and to make their concerns about accessibility known to the Disability Commission Advisory Board and City officials.Attendees voiced their thoughts on a variety of topics, ranging from accessibility at the Boston Public Library, to affordable and accessible housing, pedestrian safety, curb ramps, and the MBTA.This event also gives me an opportunity to discuss the work that my Commission has completed since last years forum. Some of our of accomplishments include accessibility upgrades in City Hall, improved access to WAV taxi cabs, work with the Citys Disability Housing Task force to increase ADA built-out units in City-funded Development from 5% to 10%.My office will be working with different agencies and stakeholders to address the concerns shared at the forum this year. We are already working with the Boston Public Library to provide a ramp at the main entrance to the Copley library on Dartmouth Street. We recently created an Accessibility Checklist to ensure that all public events are accessible to people with disabilities. And we are gearing up for a final push to get people to participate in our Accessibility Priority Survey, so that we can shape the City's strategic priorities for access.We will continue to work hard every day to make sure Boston residents with disabilities can fully participate in all aspects of life within the City of Boston.
Boston Public Library continually works to instill a love of reading in people of all ages, and, appealing to the civic and community pride that Bostonians share, encourages library patrons to reach a goal of reading One Million Minutes over the summer, said Michael Colford, Director of Library Services for Boston Public Library.New this year, Boston Reads One Million Minutes is a summer reading initiative led by the Boston Public Library to encourage Bostonians of all ages to read a collective one million minutes from June through August. Boston Public Library will facilitate group read-ins at its 26 locations, welcome authors to read from their books, and encourage independent reading all summer long. Any kind of reading counts whether its a novel on the beach, a newspaper on the T, or even e-mail at work. Listening counts as well, whether a child is at a story time, or listening to your favorite audiobook or podcast. Details on how to submit minutes can be found via www.bpl.org/bostonreads.This summer, children explore the theme Libraries Rock! Kids rock out with programs from Mariana Iranzi Bilingual Concerts, New England Aquarium, Historic New England, Alex and the Kaleidoscope Concerts, Museum of Science, ReadBoston Storymobile, Countdown to Kindergarten, and more. Special kickoff events take place at all locations. Teens learn how to Cook with Miss Debbie and Breakdance with the Floor Lords, just for example.Summer reading is for everybody, whether you read at the beach or on your commute to work. Adults may fill in a Bingo card, available at all BPL locations, or by downloading and printing the card with what you read, did, or discovered through Friday, September 7. Drop your completed card off by closing time on Friday, September 7 at any BPL location, or post a picture of the card to Instagram or Twitter using the following handles and tags: @bplboston #BostonReads.In the Read Your Way to Fenway annual summer reading contest, children and teens ages 5-17 read three books for a chance to win three tickets to watch the Red Sox play at Fenway Park on Sunday, August 19, at 1:05 p.m. Readers may download an application in English or Spanish via www.bpl.org/summer or pick up an application at any Boston Public Library location. Essays are due to any BPL library location by Friday, July 27.Boston Public Library thanks the following sponsors and collaborators for making the 2018 summer programs for children possible: ReadBoston Storymobile, City of Boston, Museum of Science, Red Sox Foundation, Aramark, Historic New England, New England Aquarium, Read Your Way to Fenway, and Countdown to Kindergarten.Libraries Rock! is sponsored by the Boston Public Library and the Citywide Friends of the Boston Public Library.Boston Public Library provides educational, cultural and civic enrichment, free to all, for the residents of Boston, Massachusetts and beyond, through its collections, services, programs, and spaces. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library is a pioneer of public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. As a City of Boston historic cultural institution, Boston Public Library today features a Central Library, twenty-five branches, a map center, business library, archival center extensive special collections of rare books, manuscripts, photographs, and prints and rich digital content and online services. The award-winning renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, completed in 2016, together with new, renovated and historic branches, provide a transformed library for the next generation of users. Boston Public Library enriches lives, hosting thousands of free educational programs and exhibitions, and provides free library services online and in-person to millions of people each year. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a series of public activations and celebratory events being offered as part of the United States Conference of Mayors (USCM) Annual Meeting being hosted in Boston this week. All public events and activations are free and open to all.""We are excited to be able to showcase the best of Boston as part of the United States Conference of Mayors Annual Meeting, and look forward to sharing the excitement through these free activations and events,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage residents and guests to take advantage of these opportunities, and thank our partners for making these events possible for all to enjoy.""Boston Bookstore Pop-up in Copley Place:will feature the work of Boston-based authors who focus on the work of cities, policy and politics across a range of issues and themes. The bookstore, being hosted in partnership with Trident Booksellers & Cafe, will be open through the duration of the conference (June 8-11), and can be found past the interior walking bridge from the Marriott in to Copley Place (Level One). In addition, the bookstore will host cultural activations and author talks, including:Sunday 6/10:Karilyn Crockett, author of ""People Before Highways: Boston Activists, Urban Planners, and a New Movement for City Making.""Sunday 6/10 - 4:30pm:Mark Pasnik, author of ""Heroic: Concrete Architecture and the New Boston""Boston Harbor Fireworks Display:will be hosted onFriday, June 8, beginning at9:30 p.m.Fireworks will be launched from Columbia Point, displayed over Dorchester Bay and viewable from beaches along Dorchester and South Boston.Free Concert by The Grammy Award Winner Pointer Sisters:will perform onSunday, June 10 at 8:15 p.m.in Copley Square. The free concert by Grammy Award winning group will feature a mix of their hit songs, including ""I'm So Excited.""Spotify/Sonos Welcome to Boston Playlist:in an effort to showcase a sampling of Boston's most renowned music, the City of Boston co-curated with Sonos a playlist available to all:sonos.com/bostonplaylistStarting onJune 8, more than 250 of the nation's mayors will meet in Boston for USCM's 86th Annual Meeting. Under the leadership of USCM President Columbia Mayor Steve Benjamin and host Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh, mayors will discuss a wide variety of priorities that contribute to the overall health of America's cities, as well as consider and adopt the policy resolutions that guide the advocacy agenda of the organization.The Conference holds its Winter Meeting each January in Washington, D.C. and an Annual Meeting each June in a different U.S. city. Additional meetings and events are held as directed by the Conference leadership. Conference members speak with a united voice on organizational policies and goals. Mayors contribute to the development of national urban policy by serving on one or more of the conference's standing committees. Conference policies and programs are developed and guided by an Executive Committee and Advisory Board, as well as the standing committees and task forces which are formed to meet changing needs.During the Conference's Annual Meeting in June, standing committees recommend policy positions they believe should be adopted by the organization. The policy positions adopted at the annual meeting collectively represent the views of the nation's mayors and are distributed to the President of the United States and Congress. In addition to the ongoing work of the Conference's standing committees, mayors are organized into task forces to examine and act on issues that demand special attention such as civic innovation, economic mobility, hunger and homelessness, and infrastructure. Learn more about the conference."
On June 1, the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department launched the 2018 Boston Parks Summer Fitness Series sponsored by Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts. The series starting Monday, June 4, will bring 30 free fitness classes per week to parks in 18 neighborhoods across the City.Due to the programs success, a full month of additional classes has been added to the three-month offerings of previous years. New classes include Carnival Fit, Cardio Dance and Afrobeat Bootcamp, and classes continue to be tailored to the interests of residents and participants, including age-friendly classes for kids and older adults.This year, we're expandingfitness opportunities in more neighborhoods, said BPHC Executive Director Monica Valdes Lupi, JD, MPH. Being active can be tough for people who haveless access to physical fitness options. The Boston Parks Summer Fitness Series is a fun way for people to stay on track to meet their health goals, by taking advantage of the open space in our city parks.According to the Health of Boston 2016-2017 report, 22 percent of adult residents and 15 percent of public high school students are obese. These rates are even higher among communities of color where 32 percent of black adults and 30 percent of Latino adults are obese, compared to 17 percent of white adult residents.Only 19 percent of Boston adult residents reported to exercise regularly. By engaging in a citywide effort to increase opportunities for physical activity, BPHC and the Parks Department aim to further reduce barriers to active living and achieve the goal of ensuring that Bostonians across the City have ample opportunities to be active.Our partnership with the Boston Public Health Commission and Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts provides a summer full of opportunities to enjoy healthy outdoor activities in our parks, said Boston Parks Commissioner Chris Cook. We want to put fitness programs within reach of Boston residents and this program does just that by providing quality instruction in neighborhood parks.At Blue Cross, we are committed to helping all Massachusetts residents lead healthy lives byincreasing their access to positive environments and experiences that inspire healthy eating and physical activity, said Jeff Bellows, vice president of Corporate Citizenship and Public Affairs at Blue Cross. We could not be more thrilled to partner with the City of Boston to provide accessiblefitness opportunities that arehigh-quality, safe, and fun through this innovative program.The May 31 kick-off event featured free 30-minute Zumba and line dancing classes and provided an introduction to all that the series has to offer Bostonians this summer. Polar Beverages provided free water at the event. This years series includes classes for seniors, children and families, from June 4 to September 29, 2018.For a full schedule of Boston Parks Summer Fitness Series classes, visit bphc.org/summerfitness. For updates, follow @HealthyBoston, @BostonParksDept, and #BostonMoves on Twitter and Instagram.The Boston Public Health Commission, the country's oldest health department, is an independent public agency providing a wide range of health services and programs. It is governed by a seven-member board of health appointed by the Mayor of Boston.Public service and access to quality health care are the cornerstones of our mission - to protect, preserve, and promote the health and well-being of all Boston residents, particularly those who are most vulnerable. The Commission's more than 40 programs are grouped into six bureaus: Child, Adolescent & Family Health Community Health Initiatives Homeless Services Infectious Disease Recovery Services and Emergency Medical Services.The Boston Parks and Recreation Department creates and maintains clean, green, safe, and accessible open space overseeing 217 City parks, playgrounds and athletic fields, two golf courses, 65 squares, 17 fountains, 75 game courts, 16 historic and three active cemeteries, urban wilds, four high school athletic fields, and approximately 125,000 trees. The Departments Recreation Division provides the best in free sports activities to Bostons youth. The Departments Design and Construction Unit oversees capital improvements, historic preservation, landscape design, and infrastructure throughout Bostons city park system. The Boston Park Rangers provide a public safety service that fulfills Frederick Law Olmsteds vision of having park keepers patrol the parks in the late 1800s and the Departments External Affairs Unit is responsible for sponsorships, public relations, ParkARTS, and special events and programming. In 2017 the Unit presented 720 programs and events.
The new website design is reflective of the Boston Public Library brand as it is today  innovative, informative, dynamic, easy to use, and fun, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library. We invite all library patrons to visit the new site and explore our collections and services - our online presence and user experience is now significantly enhanced, contemporary, and fully compliant with accessibility standards.A video tour is available on the new site for visitors, in addition to a survey that encourages feedback from users. Bibliocommons is both the new website platform vendor as well as the provider of the current catalog system, which helps ensure a completely integrated user experience across these key functions on the new website.Boston Public Library will continue to rely on user input to grow its online presence and ensure all offerings are responsive to ever more diverse populations of users. User testing of the new website began in late March with library staff members and expanded in May to the general public, including specific populations such as seniors and people with disabilities. Testing includes in-person conversations, usage on mobile devices, and an online survey.Boston Public Library provides educational, cultural and civic enrichment, free to all, for the residents of Boston, Massachusetts and beyond, through its collections, services, programs, and spaces. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library is a pioneer of public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. As a City of Boston historic cultural institution, Boston Public Library today features a Central Library, twenty-five branches, a map center, business library, archival center extensive special collections of rare books, manuscripts, photographs, and prints and rich digital content and online services. The award-winning renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, completed in 2016, together with new, renovated and historic branches, provide a transformed library for the next generation of users. Boston Public Library enriches lives, hosting thousands of free educational programs and exhibitions, and provides free library services online and in-person to millions of people each year. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
Taking care of your physical and mental health is an important part of life. But, research has shown that men consistently under-report both symptoms of physical healthand mental distress. This has put many at increased risk of lower quality of life, and even death.Regular checkups and honest conversations with providers can reverse this trend. We want to take this nationally recognized month to highlight conversation and awareness around mens health issues. We encourage men to attend more regular checkups with doctors and mental health resources. Listed below are some links to help you get started.The Men's Health Resource Centerserves as a great introduction to physical health issues. This website has a greatsection on prostrate health in older men and the importance of regular checkups.About onein ninemen will be diagnosed with prostate cancer within their lifetimes, most after the age of 40.TheMen's Health Monthwebsitepromotes general advocacy of events related tomens health month. The site also has resources for men to get involved with mental and physical self-care. This includes information about preparing for Blue Friday on June 15. Thenationally and federally recognized day seeksto increase awareness and conversation around mens health issues. Find out more!Finally, refocusing on mental health, we wanted to highlight this excellent resource, theBipolar and Depression Support Alliance. The pagegives an excellent overview on how depression and bipolar symptoms can manifest in men. It also gives an overview of treatment options available in the event that you meet the criteria for those illnesses.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Marc Savatskyto demolish the residential structure located at 1400 Columbia Road, South Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 9, 2018.
Wednesday concerts are presented in partnership with Berklee College of Music and sponsored by Brookline Bank. Concerts will be moved to the newly renovated Rabb Hall in the event of inclement weather.Boston Public Library is grateful to Brookline Bank for their generous support, as our free summer music series is much loved by people of all ages, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library. This years artists, a mix of new and returning performers, are sure to entertain and inspire once again.Friday, June 1  12:30 p.m. Boston Lyric Opera and Castle of Our Skins join forces to showcase the lives of Frederick Douglass, Harriet Tubman, Martin Luther King Jr., and Paul Robeson through opera and the music of composers Nkeiru Okoye, Adolphus Hailstork, Dorothy Rudd Moore, and Undine Smith Moore.Wednesday, June 6  6 p.m. Harry Jay and The Bling is known for authentic and energetic live performances, exuberant onstage outfits, and founder Harry Jays four-plus octave vocal range and soulful style.Friday, June 8  12:30 p.m. Santiago Barragn Noguera is a Colombian guitarist, composer, and songwriter who showcases his light touch, lyrical phrasing, and technical qualities as a Latin musician.Wednesday, June 13  6 p.m. Triple Tea is a cinematic and progressive jazz trio created at Berklee College of Music in 2016 by Tommaso Taddonio (piano), Martin Tamisier (drums), and Carlo De Biaggio (bass). Their original music is influenced by everything from electronic to jazz to film scoring.Friday, June 15  12:30 p.m. Folk and rock prodigy Emm Gryner has performed at Sarah McLachlans Lilith Fair and sung backup for David Bowie, and Beas songs feature strong hooks and evoke a range of emotions.Wednesday, June 20  6 p.m. Brooks Robertson is a young fingerstyle guitarist who simultaneously plays bass, rhythm, and melody and merges haunting compositions, country rhythms, and jazzy harmonies with funky licks.Friday, June 22  12:30 p.m. Night Tree incorporates traditions from Irish, classical, Swedish, jazz, klezmer, and Afro-Cuban music.Wednesday, June 27  6 p.m. Safiya Leslie flavors her sounds with musical dialects from not only jazz but also her Afro-Caribbean roots.Friday, June 29  12:30 p.m. Formed in 2016, the Craft Ensemble is comprised of a core string quartet of Boston-based musicians: violinists Colleen Brannen and Amy Sims, violist Amelia Hollander Ames, and cellist Velleda Miragias.Boston Public Library provides educational, cultural and civic enrichment, free to all, for the residents of Boston, Massachusetts and beyond, through its collections, services, programs, and spaces. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library is a pioneer of public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. As a City of Boston historic cultural institution, Boston Public Library today features a Central Library, twenty-five branches, a map center, business library, archival center extensive special collections of rare books, manuscripts, photographs, and prints and rich digital content and online services. The award-winning renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, completed in 2016, together with new, renovated and historic branches, provide a transformed library for the next generation of users. Boston Public Library enriches lives, hosting thousands of free educational programs and exhibitions, and provides free library services online and in-person to millions of people each year. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
"The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM) today announced the launch ofPlayful Boston, a coordinated citywide effort to incorporate engaging, innovative and playful approaches to civic life and municipal work. As part of this effort, the city also announced the launch ofPlay Around the City, a public competition to reimagine Boston Public Schools bus stops with temporary, playful interventions. This competition is an initiative of the Public Space Invitational (PSI), MONUM's program to reimagine Boston's public spaces and make them more intuitive, beautiful and delightful.Research from behavioral scientists and other cities suggests that playful activities in untraditional spaces can increase an individual's learning ability and help develop skills such as collaboration, communication and adaptability.Playful Bostonaims to test the impact of playful interventions, events, and spaces on community interactions and civic engagement. The goal is to enhance Boston's existing space-based play areas -- such as our existing network of playgrounds and parks. Playful Boston is a partnership between New Urban Mechanics, the Mayor's Office of Resilience and Racial Equity, and the Mayor's Education Cabinet.""Play and playfulness are critical to building skills for lifelong learning,"" said Turahn Dorsey, Chief of Education. ""Mayor Walsh and the Education Cabinet believe this and are excited to incorporate this consideration into everyday life for all Bostonians. Play Around the City envisions the city as both a classroom and playground that enables younger and older people, alike, to playfully imagine, learn, and connect.""Play Around the City is calling for respondents to submit their ideas on how to reimagine Boston Public School bus stops to bring creative, fun, temporary and playful activations for the benefit of students and families.Four bus stops, in the communities of East Boston, Fields Corner, Garrison Trotter, and Roslindale, will be included in the initial round. Play Around the City is a partnership between New Urban Mechanics, the Boston Children's Museum, Playworks New England, and the BuildBPS team.""Play Around the City is an approach to how we can support more curious, collaborative, and resilient future generations,"" said Lori Nelson, the newly appointed Chief Resilience Officer for the City of Boston. ""Equitable access to playful spaces requires approaches that meet Bostonians where they are. This means bus stops, corner markets, laundromats, sidewalks, and more. These are the spaces where communities, young and old, can develop habits of resilience every day.""""For 105 years Boston Children's Museum has engaged children and families in joyful discovery experiences,"" says Kacy Hughes, Senior Manager of Community Engagement at Boston Children's Museum. ""We believe in the intrinsic value of play and recognize that play is the vital activity that children use to learn about and interact with their world to gain the mental, physical and social skills necessary to succeed in their adult lives. Playful learning must be encouraged everywhere that families are gathering. We are thrilled to be part of Play Around the City!""Four projects will be selected for funding, one at each bus stop. Projects must be temporary (4-6 months), ready for implementation within 2-3 months, and meet a budget of $2,000. The most advantageous projects will be those that can be implemented immediately, with succinct and thoughtful plans for implementation. Proposals should have both the potential and plan for scaling to more locations in the future.All applications must outline safety hazards and how they will be mitigated with the proposed playful intervention design. Winning proposals will go through the Public Improvements Commission to ensure the safety of everyone participating in the playful interventions is taken into consideration.""Play is one of the most important ways children, and adults, learn,"" said Jonathan Gay, Executive Director of Playworks New England. ""Playtime helps us be more active, as well as develop crucial social-emotional skills. We're excited to work with the city to create more opportunities for play. And what a great place to start - the bus stops. If we can get citizens of all ages engaged in play at the start and end of their days, I'm confident the entire city will be a happier and healthier place.""To apply, please submit a formal application.The final deadline for Play Around the City proposals is3 p.m., Friday, June 15, 2018.More information about Playful Boston and other projects on the horizon can be found atboston.gov/play.As the city's civic research and design team, the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics pilot experiments that aim to improve the quality for life for Boston's residents. The office was formed in 2010 as one of the first municipal innovation offices in the world. The team's research and design projects tackle a range of topics -- from civic engagement to city infrastructure to education. Learn more about the team.The Mayor's Office of Resilience and Racial Equity leads efforts to help Boston plan for and deal with catastrophes and slow-moving disasters - like persistent racial and economic inequality - that have become part of 21st century life. Learn more on the Resilience website.BuildBPS is a dynamic and strategic document, as well as an interactive digital tool, which provides the City of Boston, Boston Public Schools, and Boston's residents with the data and guidance to bring Boston's school buildings into the 21st Century. This master plan not only encompasses the aspirations and goals of all stakeholders, but lends the data and ideas needed to bring them to fruition.Boston Children's Museum has served as a field leader in creating innovative exhibits and programs for decades, with the world's first ""hands-on"" exhibit (What's Inside, 1960s) the world's first exhibit designed specifically for very young children (PlaySpace, 1970s) pioneering science exhibits (Bubbles and Raceways, 1980s) and groundbreaking exhibits about world cultures (Kids Bridge and Teen Tokyo, 1990s). Many of these exhibits and programs have been replicated in other museums around the world, and our most recent exhibits like KidPower, Peep's World and Countdown to Kindergarten continue that legacy today. Learn more about the Museum.All kids deserve the social, emotional, and physical benefits of play. Playworks helps schools and youth programs create healthy play environments where every child can join in. Learn more about Playworks."
Special events taking place in the City of Boston will impact traffic and parking from Friday, May 25, throughMonday, May 28, 2018.Attendees are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles to these events.Information on Blue Bikes, the regional bike share service, may be found on the Blue Bikes website. You can also findinformation about the MBTAonline. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises rider to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket.Walking is another great way to travel around Boston.TheBoston Callingmusic festival, taking place on Harvard University property off of Western Avenue, will impact traffic in Brighton.The following locations are expected to be closed to vehicular traffic from10pm-11:30pmnightly fromMay 25 through May 27.Travel delays in the area are anticipated.In addition, parking will be set aside for drop-off/pick-up purposes only at six parking spaces located within the two hour parking area on Western Avenue.TheRun to Rememberwill begin at7 AMon Seaport Boulevard at the World Trade Center.An estimated 10,000 people will run from Seaport Boulevard, right onto Atlantic Avenue, left onto State Street, right onto Congress Street, left onto New Chardon Street, right onto Cambridge Street, left onto Charles Street, right onto Beacon Street, right onto Massachusetts Avenue, leaving the City of Boston into the City of Cambridge, returning to the City of Boston on Massachusetts Avenue, left onto Beacon Street, right onto Arlington Street, left onto Boylston Street, left onto Washington Street, right onto State Street, right onto Congress Street, right onto Franklin Street, left onto Federal Street, left onto High Street, right onto Congress Street, left onto Atlantic Avenue, right onto Seaport Boulevard.Streets along the route are expected to be closed to traffic from7 AM to 11 AM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special EventSunday6 AM to 12 Noonparking restrictions will be in effect at the following locations.TheLion Dance Paradewill take place from4 PM to 6 PM.Participants will gather on the Rose Kennedy Greenway Chinatown Park and travel on Beacon Street to Washington Street.Traffic will be delayed as the parade proceeds along the route.TheMemorial Day Paradewill begin at the McKeon Post, #4 Hilltop Streetin Dorchester, at10 AM.An estimated 250 marchers will proceed from Hilltop Street, turning right onto St. Brendans Road, left onto Milton Street, right onto Granite Avenue, left onto Gallivan Boulevard, left onto Adams Street, to Cedar Grove Cemetery.The return route is Milton Street, right onto Granite Avenue, left onto Pope John Paul II Extension (bike path), returning to the McKeon Post.Traffic will be delayed as the procession moves along the route.
After the Civil War, local veteransorganizations in both the North and Southbegan decorating the graves of fallen soldiers. In 1868, General John Logan, of the Grand Army of the Republic, the veterans organization of the Union Army, called for a national Decoration Day, dedicated to honoring and commemorating deceased soldiers. May 30 was chosen because flowers were in bloom, making it easy to decorate soldiers graves.Veteransorganizations were an important part of American cultural and political life following the Civil War. More than three million men enlisted and fought in the Civil War. Veteransorganizations provided emotional support and camaraderie for veterans, and advocated for legislation and policies, such as soldiers' pensions. In Massachusetts, veterans of the Union Army joined the Grand Army of the Republic (GAR), which had posts in almost every Massachusetts town. You can see sample pages from the 1892 directory of the GAR below.In Boston, the GAR took the lead in organizing Memorial Day activities. At the City Archives, our files about Memorial Day document the GARs heavy involvement in organizing Memorial Day commemorations. The 1891 Memorial Day Program below shows that many of Boston's Memorial Day events were led by GAR posts.In 1891, the Charlestown Post of the Massachusetts GAR decorated the Soldiers and Sailors Monument as well asgraves at Holy Cross Cemetery. They also paid for music and an orator for one of the City's memorial services. The letter below shows the funds that they put aside for Memorial Day commemorationsHow will you commemorate Memorial Day this year?
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has been selected to host the 12th annual Gathering of Leaders conference that will be hosted by the Coalition of Schools Educating Boys of Color (COSEBOC), My Brother's Keeper Boston and the Boston Public Schools, and in partnership with Suffolk University. The conference will convene local leaders and educators from around the country for discussions surrounding the theme:Boys of Color: Liberated, Empowered and Educated.The conference will take place from May 29-31, 2018 at the Boston Park Plaza hotel. MBK Boston, under the leadership of Director Conan Harris, will help oversee the Young Men's Passage program, as part of the Gathering of Leaders, which convenes young men of color for a two-day program that includes team-building activities and inspirational sessions.""As a city leader in promoting the advancement of young men of color through MBK Boston, Boston is proud to host this conference that will bring together many thought leaders for a dialogue to action for how we can best support this important work,"" said Mayor Walsh.Mayor Walsh launched MBK Boston in September 2014, accepting President Barack Obama's MBK Community Challenge as part of theWhite House My Brother's Keeper (MBK) initiativeto create positive pathways for youth, especially boys and young men of color. Following the launch of the program, Mayor Walsh established theMBK Boston Advisory Board, which led engagement within the community and developed a set of guiding recommendations to support milestones across education, employment, public safety and second chances.""We look forward to welcoming educators as well as parents and families, community advocates, policy makers, and other supporters to Boston, where the Gathering of Leaders got its start in 2007,"" said COSEBOC Executive Director Ron Walker. ""The learning and collaborating that will take place during the Gathering will undoubtedly contribute to the educational success of countless boys and young men of color locally and nationally.""Components of this year's Gathering of Leaders will include:For Leaders Onlypre-conference session facilitated byDr. Gloria Ladson-Billings, a nationally-recognized author and educatorNational and local speakersincluding keynotes Dr. Christopher Emdin of Teachers College, Columbia University, Roberto Rivera, an award-winning artist, educator, and change agent, and Barrington Irving, nationally-recognized STEM educator and pioneering aviatorTours of eight schools in BostonandThe Walk of Integrity, which celebrates our young men of color.""This gathering of leaders represents a call to action for us to continue this important work of breaking down barriers for our young boys and men of color, while lifting them up so they can fulfill their God-given potential,"" said Conan Harris, Director of My Brother's Keeper Boston. ""I'm grateful to all of our partners who are making this important gathering happen, and for our youth leaders who will continue to take the charge set before them to push this necessary work forward.""As part of the gathering, more than 100 educators and young men representing the BPS 10 Boys Initiative, Becoming a Man (BAM) and Sociedad Latina will participate.""As a school district and a city, we must ensure that 100% of our students are prepared for college, career, and life in the 21st century,"" BPS Superintendent Tommy Chang said. ""We can't do that unless we close opportunity and achievement gaps. This is our mission. And it is a mission we share with the Coalition of Schools Educating Boys of Color. The theme of this year's conference, ""Boys & Young Men of Color: Liberated, Empowered & Educated,"" closely aligns with the critical work we are doing to ensure that all of our students - particularly those who have historically been most marginalized - have an opportunity to succeed at the highest levels.""The COSEBOC gathering will bring together leaders from both public and private sectors, who share the common goal of advancing opportunities for young men of color. A key partner in the COSEBOC gathering is Suffolk University, which will provide space and support for youth participants. Since its founding, Suffolk University has provided educational opportunities to those who have often been underrepresented in academia -- including first-generation college students and students of color.""As an institution committed since our founding to access and opportunity, Suffolk University is very proud to partner with COSEBOC on this important event,"" said Suffolk University President Marisa Kelly. ""We are working hard to be sure that we are providing transformational educational pathways to students of all races and backgrounds. Helping young men of color see the possibilities available to them through higher education is critically important, and doing so is part of our commitment to the city of Boston and beyond.""Since it was first established, MBK Boston has:Partnered with RootCause to release a report,'Mapping Momentum', that outlines recommended strategic priorities to improve life outcomes for Black and Latino boys and young men based on a scan of 142 surveyed nonprofits in the city.Launched a mini grant programto support mentorship, creative discussions, and activities by nonprofits and organizations who will direct their efforts toward helping young people of colorBeen involved in conversations at a national level regarding MBK Boston.Scaled up up Operation Exit by expanding it to include opportunities in the technology industry througha partnership with Resilient CodersRecruited new mentors through theMayor's mentoring movement, and provided continued support of youth summer jobs and meaningful employmentThe City's partnership with COSEBOC supports MBK Boston's three Milestone Goals for boys and young men of color: Graduating from High School Ready for College and Career, Successfully Entering the Workforce, Reducing Violence and Providing a Second Chance.To learn more about MBK Boston or to get involved, visitboston.gov/mbk.Coalition of Schools Educating Boys of Color (COSEBOC) is a nationally recognized, non-profit organization bolstered by a membership network of school and organizational leaders dedicated to educating boys and young men of color. COSEBOC is the only national organization solely focused on convening leaders to provide research-based professional development to change school culture, policies and instructional strategies. Program strands include Standards and Promising Practices for Schools Educating Boys of Color, Restorative Justice, and Rites of Passage. For more information visithttp://coseboc.org/."
Thereare plenty of events going on in Boston to keep you busy this holiday weekend. There are alsoopportunities to pay tribute tothe military heroes who gave their lives for our freedom.More than 37,000 service members from Massachusetts have died fighting for the country since the Revolutionary War. As is tradition in Boston, volunteers plant a flag in honor of each and every one of them around the Soldiers and Sailors Monument. The sobering display will dot the Common from Wednesday afternoon throughMonday evening.May 23 - May 28, all day starting at 1 p.m. on Wednesday,Boston Common 139 Tremont St. Boston,massmilitaryheroes.org.Kick off the summer season with family art-making activities, gallery tours and talks, musical performances, and film screenings. Hear engaging performances throughout the day, including a multidisciplinary concert created by teens from Sociedad Latina. Make art inspired by the exciting exhibitions on view, includingM. C. Escher: Infinite DimensionsandPhantasmagoria.May 28, 10 a.m. - 5 p.m., Museum of Fine Arts 465 Huntington Ave., Bostonmfa.orgFrom Kevin Beasleys sculptures exploring the intersection of sound and clothing at the ICA, to the curtain calls for the MFAs Gustav Klimt and M.C. Escher exhibitions, theres more than enough thought-provoking work to take in for the day.May 28, 10 a.m. - 5 p.m.,Institute of Contemporary Art 25 Harbor Shore Drive, Bostonicaboston.org.Dont miss this chance to explore the Harbor Islands for free. Hop on the ferry to Georges Island to explore the Civil War-era Fort Warren and take in stunning views of the Boston skyline, or head to Spectacle Island for some quality hiking and beaches. Boats will be running between Bostons Long Wharf North and the islands starting at 10 a.m.May 26, various times Long Wharf, Bostonbostonharborislands.org.Honor the men and women who served in our nations military at the USS Constitution Museum this Memorial Day Weekend. Learn about the daily struggles that crew members on board Old Ironsides faced during the War of 1812, and how their stories continue to inspire people today. Throughout the weekend, the Museum will be partnering withOperation Gratitudeto create and send paracord survival bracelets to deployed troops overseas and first responders in the United States. Dont have time to make a bracelet? Consider writing a thank you letter that will be included in one of the 100,000 care packages that Operation Gratitude sends out each year. Admission to the Museum is free throughout the weekend for active duty, retired, and reserve military personnel. Admission for others is donation-based.May 26 - May 28, 9 a.m. - 6 p.m.,USS ConstitutionMuseum Charlestown Navy Yard, Building 22, Charlestownussconstitutionmuseum.org.Dorchesters annual observance of Memorial Day will have a distinctly Irish accent this year. The keynote speaker of the time-honored ceremony in Cedar Grove Cemetery on May 29will be Brigadier General Peter OHalloran, who has served with the Irish Army. The ceremony at Cedar Grove Cemetery starts around 10 a.m. following a parade from the John P. McKeon Post AMVETS #146 on Hilltop Street. Five different Dorchester veteran posts will participate in the observances.May 28, 10 a.m., Cedar Grove Cemetery920 Adams Street, Dorchester cgcem.org.
All programs and events can be viewed via www.bpl.org/calendar.Boston Public Library provides educational, cultural and civic enrichment, free to all, for the residents of Boston, Massachusetts and beyond, through its collections, services, programs, and spaces. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library is a pioneer of public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. As a City of Boston historic cultural institution, Boston Public Library today features a Central Library, twenty-five branches, a map center, business library, archival center extensive special collections of rare books, manuscripts, photographs, and prints and rich digital content and online services. The award-winning renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, completed in 2016, together with new, renovated and historic branches, provide a transformed library for the next generation of users. Boston Public Library enriches lives, hosting thousands of free educational programs and exhibitions, and provides free library services online and in-person to millions of people each year. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
The Fugitive Slave Act of 1850, part of the Compromise of 1850, stated that all escaped enslaved people had to be returned to their owners and that all free states had to abide by this law. In Boston, federal authorities tested this new law in 1854 with the arrest of Anthony Burns.Anthony Burns, who was born into slavery in Virginia, had escaped to Boston, where he found work first at a pie company, and later at a clothing dealer. Shortly after arriving in Boston, Burns wrote a letter to his brother. The letter was intercepted by his owner Charles F. Suttle, who then traveled north to lay claim to Burns. After federal marshals captured Burns on May 24, Burnss case went to federal court.The Anthony Burns Trial led many Bostonians to question and protest the Fugitive Slave Act. The City erupted in protests, and was put under martial law. The documents and bills pictured belowgive us a rough idea of how much money the government spent for the cavalry, troops, and ammunition used to control the protestersOn June 2, federal authorities escorted Burns to the ship that would return him to an enslaved life in Virginia. During the escort, thousands of Bostonians who opposed slavery lined the streets, booing, and hissing.After Burns'sreturn to Virginia, the Twelfth Baptist Church in Roxbury raised money to free Anthony Burns. On February 22, 1855, a year after the trial, he returned to Massachusetts as a free man. He went on to study at Oberlin College and later became a Baptist preacher in Canada.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Joe Hassellto demolish the single-story commercial structurelocated at 40 B Street in South Boston,MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 2, 2018.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a three-year partnership between the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, The Trustees, and TD Bank to expand the reach and highlight the role of community gardens in Boston's neighborhoods with community-driven design projects, community-building events, and skill-building workshops planned for up to 40 gardens.In the first year, the City will seek ideas forinnovative design installations at three community gardensincluding: The Trustees'Nightingale Community Gardenin Dorchester,Chilcott & Granada Community Gardenin Jamaica Plain, and theFenway Victory Gardens, owned by Boston Parks and Recreation and administered and maintained by the Fenway Garden Society. The installations may support community dinners, storytelling and community conversations, performances, and interactive play. In addition, The Trustees will hold 10 community-building events and skill-building workshops at its community gardens in Dorchester, East Boston, Jamaica Plain, Mattapan, Mission Hill, Roxbury, and the South End as part of the partnership with the goal being to allow the Trustees to expand garden programming by nearly 40% with larger community-building and wellness programs. (There are more than 20 activities through Seed, Sow & Grow that bring people together for skill-building workshops and events at City Natives in Mattapan and throughout Boston. You can find a list of community-building events and skill-building workshopshere.)""I am proud that Boston is home to more than 10,000 gardeners and 200 community gardens spanning 50 acres across our city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This City is lucky to have great partners like The Trustees, TD Bank, and dedicated members of our community to help advance the state of our public spaces by incorporating community driven design projects like this. Together, with our communities, we are making Boston a place where the gardening community can flourish.""Over the next three years, the program aims to engage and enhance up to 40 community gardens in six neighborhoods in Boston, including the following:El Jardin de la Amistad, RoxburyEagle Hill Community Garden, East BostonBerkeley Community Garden, South EndSouthwest Corridor Community Farm, Jamaica PlainWindermere Community Garden, DorchesterPaul Gore & Beecher Community Garden, Jamaica PlainWorcester Community Garden, South EndMission Hill Community Garden, Mission HillCity Natives, MattapanWoolson Community Garden, MattapanTD Bank will serve as the presenting sponsor of the Boston Community Gardens partnership, granting a total of $225,000 over three years.""TD Bank is committed to creating a more vibrant planet and enhancing urban green spaces that bring the community together,"" said Mark Crandall, Regional President, Southern New England, TD Bank. ""As a company with deep roots in Boston, we are excited about our partnership with the Mayor's Office and The Trustees of Reservations to enrich our community gardens. Together, we expect this three-year collaboration to provide Boston with an array of cultural, educational, and environmental programs in gardens across the city for all people to enjoy.""""We are excited to partner with TD Bank and the Mayor's office to create these unique community-focused experiences in Boston community gardens,"" said Vidya Tikku, General Manager for The Trustees' Greater Boston region. ""We have a long history of working with public and private partners here in the City of Boston and around the state to advocate for green spaces and expand urban gardening, education, and community-building. This partnership will enable us to offer neighborhood residents new and creative ways to gather, learn, and enjoy our community gardens.""The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics in Boston serves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs.A steward of distinctive and dynamic places of both historic and cultural value,The Trusteesis the nation's first and Massachusetts' largest preservation and conservation nonprofit. As the largest owner of community gardens in the city, The Trustees operates56 community gardenslocated throughout eight Boston neighborhoods. The organization holdsevents and programsthroughout the year designed to connect residents to the land, gardening, and community building, including the Annual Gardeners' Gathering and the Seed, Sow & Grow workshop series. Supported by members, friends, and donors, The Trustees' 116 statewide natural and cultural sites welcome millions of members, residents, and visitors each year.TD Bank is committed to driving positive change that enriches the lives of our customers, colleagues and communities. In support of our mission, TD recently launched The Ready Commitment, which is targeting $1 billion by 2030 toward community giving, in order to maximize our impact in supporting financial security, elevating the quality of our environment, creating opportunities for everyone to participate in their communities, and supporting more equitable health outcomes for all. To learn more about The Ready Commitment, visithttps://newscenter.td.com/us/en/news/2018/introducing-the-ready-commitment.To learn more about TD Bank, visitwww.tdbank.com."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from John Pulginito demolish the residential structures located at 5251 and 5245 Washington Street in West Roxbury,MA 02136.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on May 31, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Josh Fetterman with City Realty Groupto demolish the commercial and industrial structures at 301, 305-307, and 315-317 Border Street in East Boston, MA 02128.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on May 31, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from John Pulginito demolish the residential structures located at 5251 and 5245 Washington Street in West Roxbury,MA 02136.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on May 31, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with the Boston Cultural Council, today announced over $33,500 has been awarded to 34 grantees in the second round of Opportunity Fund grants for 2018.This second round of the Opportunity Fund truly exemplifies the diverse and talented array of artists whose work touches every neighborhood of our City, said Mayor Walsh. I look forward to seeing these individuals excel in their art and enhance their communities with these grants.The Opportunity Fund was launched in August 2016 with the goal of supporting individual artists in activities that help them share their work with the public, teach others, continue their professional development and hone their skills. Through the Opportunity Fund, artists and educators are provided grants of up to $1,000 for meaningful, one-time opportunities.The Opportunity Fund reopened in October 2017 with double the amount of funding and a modified structure including grants that are separated into five different categories, a rolling deadline for applications and new guidelines to help focus investment on artists of limited means and in communities with less access to cultural events or art-making. Including the latest round of funding, the Opportunity Fund has helped support 192 artists.As community arts organizers, the Opportunity Fund allowed us to offer programing we've been wanting to provide for years, said Porsha Olayiwola, a past Opportunity Fund grantee. With the grant we received, The House Slam was able to offer ten writing workshops free to the public, while also paying artists for their work. The experience and space to hone one's craft under a practicing artist is a valuable resource that is imperative the growth and transformation of individuals in our writing community.Below is a sampling of the grantees selected for the second round of the 2018 Opportunity Fund:Community Arts Experience GranteesLocal Arts EventsField TripsArtist Career DevelopmentThe Opportunity Fund has allowed us to invest in individual artists while simultaneously bringing arts opportunities to underserved communities, said Julie Burros. Its great to see the goals of the Boston Creates cultural plan advanced in this way, and we look forward to seeing the new arts opportunities the third round brings.Applications for the Opportunity Fund are accepted on a rolling basis, and the review deadline for the next round of the Opportunity Fund is June 30, 2018. Artists and organizations can apply here.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the City of Boston's Commission on Affairs of the Elderly today announced that the first Senior Civic Academy cohort graduated. The graduating class was comprised of 25 engaged, diverse and enthusiastic students over the age of 50 from across Boston's neighborhoods. The 28-hour curriculum included aging policy, advocacy training and meetings with local, state, and federal administrators and elected officials.""Older adults are the foundation of our city, and it's important that we empower all residents to become effective advocates for themselves and their communities,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""This Senior Civic Academy gives older Bostonians the tools, contacts, and resources to make their voices heard.""With support from AARP, Tufts Health Plan Foundation, and UMass Boston, the Senior Civic Academy was formed in response to community feedback and included in the City's Age-Friendly Action Plan. Students heard from over 40 speakers over the course of four days, through presentations, panel discussions, and workshops.""I am on fire from these discussions,"" said Joyce Durst, 72, from Mattapan, who asked questions about solar energy and the tiny home movement. ""This Senior Civic Academy is a good idea we needed this opportunity. I'm proud of our city--we have it going on in Boston! We may all live in different neighborhoods, but we all just want to feel comfortable and good about where we live. Listening to us and helping us now benefits everyone.""The Commission on Affairs of the Elderly facilitates full and equal participation in all aspects of life by older adults in Boston. The commission is dedicated to improving the lives of Boston's older adults by connecting them with resources and information, and it is focused on setting the City's direction for successful aging in Boston. Read the newly launchedAge-Friendly Action Plan, orvisitwww.boston.govfor more information."
"As a result of his priority to strengthen Boston's middle class, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced significant gains in workforce development and economic mobility including that over $14 million has been directed to more than 90 community-based organizations that have provided job training, adult education, youth programs, apprenticeship opportunities and financial education to Boston residents from July 2016 to June 2017.Four years ago, Mayor Walsh committed to working towards eliminating the opportunity gap throughout the city of Boston. When he came into office, Mayor Walsh created theOffice of Workforce Development, with Career Centers serving more than 380 employers and 15,000job seekers annually with resume-writing, networking, interviewing and job searching skills. A year later, Mayor Walsh establishedThe Office of Financial Empowermentwhich works to equip residents with the knowledge, tools, and resources to be financially secure and create wealth.""The Office of Workforce Development's achievements show how much we can accomplish as a city when we commit to advancing opportunity for all,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our hardwork and dedication is paying off. With the help of an English language class or a job training program, many more residents are able to increase their earnings, gain financial security, and provide for their families. We will continue to prioritize the needs of our workforce and do everything we can to lift our middle class up to new heights.""Some successes, as noted in theOffice of Workforce Development's annual reportinclude:Among clients of theone-stop career centers, 59 percent obtained employment within the first quarter of exit, earning an average wage of $21.36 per hour.Upon job placement, graduates of training programs funded byNeighborhood Jobs Trustgrants earned an average wage of $15.23 per hour with 72 percent earning benefits as well.Students in theTuition-Free Community College Planachieved a higher first-year retention rate (65 percent) than the state (59 percent) or national (49 percent) averages for community college students.The registration of over 360 residents to participate inCity Academy, a new program announced in Mayor Walsh's second inaugural speech, and hosted over 30 informational sessions on the new initiative in Boston neighborhoods.Young adults who participated in credit-building workshops and one-on-one financial coaching through theYouth Credit Building Initiativeshowed improved credit histories, higher credit scores, and less delinquency than a control group.The Office of Workforce Development's Emergency Medical Technician (EMT) has been designated as the first state approved apprenticeship program in Emergency Medical Services. Approximately 25 apprentices will participate annually with apprenticeship training of 1000 hours of on-the-job classroom and field training in the first six months.Participants in the City'sSummer Youth Employment Programhad 35 percent fewer violent crime arraignments and 57 percent fewer property crime arraignments in the 17 months following program participation.Taxpayers who received aFinancial Check-Upfrom a trained financial guide improved their credit scores by an average of 15 points within one year and reduced their installment debt by an average of nearly $500 more than a control group - within just two months.""We are proud to enact the Mayor's vision of a Boston where economic advancement is within the reach of every resident,"" said Trinh Nguyen, OWD director. ""Over the past year, OWD has tackled this goal from many angles: collaborating with workforce development partners, researching best practices, funding community-based organizations, and innovating new programs, such as the Tuition-Free Community College Plan and Boston Saves, the City's children's savings account program.""Margarette Jacob, a graduate of YMCA Training Inc., is an example of a resident who benefited from OWD-funded job training. After losing her job and falling on hard times, Jacob, 49, came to YMCA Training Inc. to learn new computer skills and modern job interviewing methods. ""There was a whole new language out there and I wasn't speaking it,"" she said.After training, Jacob secured a new job at BMC HealthNet Plan, where she now earns full benefits, a wage well above Boston's living wage, and tuition reimbursement. In just one year, Jacob has been promoted, earned three raises, and been chosen for a selective company mentorship program.""I want to grow at the company and build a career with them,"" she said. ""I'm very happy.""A student adviser at Madison Park Technical Vocational High School, Taneka DeGrace is a tenacious advocate for young people's college aspirations. She guides students through the college application process, helps them take advantage of dual enrollments, and follows up every step of the way. This past year, DeGrace took on an even larger role for Boston's college aspirants, helping to shape the Tuition-Free Community College (TFCC) Plan as part of the TFCC planning committee. DeGrace advocated for the inclusion of students who had lower than a 2.5 GPA and required developmental classes because these were the students coming into her office, she said, who most needed the support.""Because of the plan, I think we're going to have more kids staying in and graduating college,"" DeGrace said. ""They're getting help they wouldn't have had before.""Thanks to her energetic recruiting, over 30 percent of TFCC's first-year cohort hails from Madison Park.Many of OWD's programs are funded by the Neighborhood Jobs Trust, a public charitable trust created through linkage fees generated by large-scale development projects in the City.To learn more about these initiatives and programs, please read theFiscal Year 2017 Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD) annual report.The Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD) is an innovative agency within the Boston Planning & Development Agency that seeks to ensure the full participation of all Boston residents in the city's economic vitality and future. The OWD funds and oversees programs that promote workforce development through education, jobs training, apprenticeships, financial coaching, career pathways, literacy initiatives, and the like. Please visitOWD.Boston.Govto learn more about the OWD's work."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the departure of Julie Burros, Boston's first Chief of Arts and Culture in more than 20 years. As Chief, Burros oversaw the development and ongoing implementation ofBoston Creates, the city's first ever cultural plan, and worked as an advocate for the arts community across new policy creation, including the Percent for Art program, which devotes funding to public art for new capital projects.Her last day with the City of Boston is June 29, 2018, and Kara Elliott-Ortega, Director of Planning and Policy at the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, will serve as interim Chief of Arts and Culture. A posting for the role of Chief of Arts and Culture will be made available on thecity's career centerwebsite.""Arts and culture are part of Boston's storied past, but they are also at the heart of our contemporary identity, powerfully expressing who we have been, who we are, and who we hope to be,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud of the significant strides we've made in establishing Boston as a municipal arts leader, and bringing the arts closer to the heart of all we do. I wish Julie the best in her future endeavors, and look forward to continuing our important work to support this growing sector of our economy.""Demonstrating his commitment to supporting arts and culture in Boston, Mayor Walsh established the Arts and Culture cabinet in 2014 after being sworn in as Mayor, and established a cabinet-level role for leadership of that office. Julie Burros was selected to lead the office, following a national search for the position.The Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston is responsible for overseeing the staff of the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, the Boston Art Commission, Boston Cultural Council, and the Strand Theatre. In addition, the Chief works to create a vehicle through which the city can increase diversity and inclusion in the arts, seek grants and sponsorship opportunities, and secure funding and support for Boston's arts community. The City's Arts and Culture cabinet seeks to grow the arts in Boston across all artistic disciplines, from theater to dance, to the visual arts to public art. Since the office was first established in 2014, it has fostered the growth and well-being of the cultural community and promoted participation in the arts. Recognizing the importance of creativity across all policy areas, the cabinet works to promote access to arts and culture to all residents, making Boston a municipal arts leader. Key areas of work include supporting the cultural sector through grants and programs, as well as the production and permitting of art in public places.Key successes of the cabinet include:Creation ofBoston Creates, Boston's first cultural plan, which is a 10 year initiative, driven by the voices of thousands who participated in the planning process, to align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long-term, and weave arts and culture into the fabric of everyday life.Establishment ofBoston AIR, the City's first artist-in-residence program, through which artists, community members, and City employees work on projects that help reframe social conversations and bolster City initiatives.Distribution of over $1.8 million inBoston Cultural Councilorganizational grants to local arts and culture organizations throughout the City.Development of theOpportunity Fund, a grant program that provides $1,000 grants to local artists for meaningful one-time opportunities including professional development, local arts events and community arts experiences. In 2017, $100,000 was distributed through the Opportunity Fund, and the amount of funding doubled to $200,000 in 2018.Creation of theArtist Fellowship Awardthat invests in individual artists living and working in Boston by providing $10,000 to five artists to recognize exceptional original artistic work while helping the recipients advance their careers and continue their work in Boston.Launch of theArtist Resource Deska user-friendly single point of entry for high quality constituent services specifically geared for the needs of artists and creative entrepreneurs.Implementation of the City'sAlternative Space Pilot Program, through which the City partnered with local businesses and institutions to make underused private spaces available to artists.""With the launch of many new programs completed and the implementation of the Boston Creates Cultural Plan well underway, it's a fitting time for me to transition to my next chapter and undertake new creative challenges,"" said Burros. ""It has been an honor to serve in Mayor Walsh's cabinet and to play a leading role in the dramatic expansion of municipal arts support championed by Mayor Walsh. Later this summer I will be joining Metris Arts Consulting to spearhead a national cultural planning practice.""Burros will assume the position of Principal Cultural Planner at Metris Arts Consulting, a consulting firm based out of Easton, PA that provides high caliber planning, research, and evaluation services to reveal arts' impacts and help communities equitably improve cultural vitality.Mayor Walsh continues to prioritize arts and culture in the City of Boston, and in his budget and capital plan, set aside significant funding for the department, with investments including:$1.7 million in new capital funding, along with a new dedicated project manager, to oversee the implementation of the Percent for Art program, building on the $1.7 million dedicated last fiscal year. This innovative model funds public art projects as part of the City's capital plan.Funding to support the second round of an artist fellowship program in response to feedback received in the Boston Creates process. The fellowship supports elevating Boston creatives. Five artists were awarded funding in the last fiscal year.An $18 million investment in the development of a new Upham's Corner Branch Library and $3.4 million going toward life safety renovations at the Strand Theatre, both part of the effort to develop Uphams Corner into an Arts and Innovation District.For more information on Mayor Walsh's commitment to arts and culture, pleasevisit here."
"Building on the success of the last two years of Open Newbury Street events, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that ""Open Newbury Street"" will continue this year over a series of three Sundays this summer. From 10 a.m. - 6 p.m. on July 8th, August 12th, and September 9th, Newbury Street will become a pedestrian-only walkway, closing to vehicles to allow pedestrians the opportunity use the full width of the street. Newbury Street will be pedestrian-only from Arlington Street to Massachusetts Avenue.""Over the past two years, we've had overwhelming success in creating a pedestrian-friendly experience for Newbury Street visitors and businesses and I am excited that we'll be continuing this series again this summer,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""From being able to shop for products both in the store and out, to enjoying lunch next to a street performer, we are happy that residents and visitors will get to experience this opportunity, and are grateful to the business owners and residents who have worked with us to expand this next edition of the Open Newbury Street series.""""We're so happy that Open Newbury Street is returning this summer,"" said Brianne Dyke, Manager of Crush Boutique. ""These pedestrian friendly shopping days draw a wonderful crowd, and create a strong sense of community. It means so much to us that as Boston continues to grow, the Mayor's Office continues to be supportive of small businesses like ours. We've truly enjoyed collaborating with our neighbors to create special events for the Open Newbury Sundays, and we look forward to another wonderful summer on our vibrant street.""Parking will once again be restricted beginning at 8:00 a.m., and signs will be posted informing drivers of the change. All businesses will be encouraged to promote the event on social media using #OpenNewbury and make customers aware of car-free day ahead of time. The public is encouraged to utilize the several different MBTA routes that service the area in addition to bicycling and walking."
Special events taking place in the City of Boston will impact traffic and parking on Saturday, May 19, and Sunday, May 20, 2018. Attendees are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles to these events. Information on Blue Bikes, the regional bike share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises rider to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is another great way to travel around Boston.The Massachusetts Fallen Heroes Memorial Dedication will take place on Northern Avenue, adjacent to the Fallen Heroes Memorial.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday and Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The annual Youth Pride Parade will begin at 12 Noon at Boston City Hall Plaza. An estimated 1,000 participants will exit the Plaza, turn left on Cambridge Street, continue onto Tremont Street, turn right onto Boylston Street, right onto Charles Street, right onto Beacon Street, left onto Bowdoin Street, right onto Cambridge Street, back to City Hall Plaza. Traffic will be delayed briefly as marchers proceed along the route. The parade is expected to end at 1 PM.The Adidas Boost Boston Games will be held on Charles Street, between Boylston and Beacon Streets. This portion of Charles Street will be closed to vehicular traffic from Saturday, May 19, at 12 PM through 11:59 PM on Sunday, May 20, and on-street parking at this location will be prohibited from Saturday at 11:59 PM through Monday morning. Please note that access to the Boston Common Garage will be maintained throughout the closure.The Harpoon Brewery 5 Miler Road Race will begin at 10 AM at FID Kennedy Avenue in the Seaport District. An estimated 4,500 runners will follow a route from FID Kennedy Avenue to Tide Street, left onto Dry Dock Avenue, right onto Black Falcon Avenue, right onto Design Center Way, left onto Dry Dock Avenue, left onto Summer Street, left onto East First Street, right onto Farragut Road, left onto East Broadway Extension, left onto Day Boulevard, left onto Shore Road, right onto East First Street, right onto Summer Street, right onto Dry Dock Avenue, right onto Design Center Way, left onto Black Falcon Avenue, left onto Dry Dock Avenue, right onto Tide Street. Traffic will be delayed briefly as runners proceed along the route. The race is expected to be completed by 11:15 AM.The Haitian-American Unity Parade will begin at 1 PM with in Mattapan Square. An estimated 5,000 to 7,000 participants will proceed on Blue Hill Avenue from Babson Street, right onto Westview Street, entering Harambee Park. Floats will continue on Blue Hill Avenue to Talbot Avenue. Blue Hill Avenue will be closed to traffic between River Street and Talbot Avenue from 12 Noon to 4 PM. Planned detours will take drivers to American Legion Highway and Cummins Highway.Temporary Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the Mayors Office of Food Access (OFA) and Project Bread have been selected to receive two AmeriCorps VISTA (Volunteers in Service to America) service members to close food access gaps in the City of Boston and surrounding communities. Applications to become the OFA VISTA service member are due June 1.""No one should have to live with food insecurity,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""With the help of the VISTA service members, the Mayor's Office of Food Access and Project Bread will build on existing programs and policies to create greater opportunities for children and families to access healthy and nutritious food year round.""Beginning this summer, the AmeriCorps VISTA service members will work with OFA and Project Bread to serve low-income communities and communities of color in Boston, Malden, Everett, and Medford that are disproportionately impacted by food insecurity, with a special emphasis on serving children and families. With the support of the AmeriCorps VISTA service members, OFA and Project Bread are expected to reach at least 1,200 individuals through their services.""Many individuals and families today experience food insecurity on a daily basis,"" said Mayor's Office of Health and Human Services Chief, Marty Martinez. Through OFA, the VISTA service members, and Project Bread, we will take new bold approaches to close food gaps further, so every individual and family can have an opportunity to be healthy and thrive.""The two VISTAs will work with OFA and Project Bread to identify areas where new summer and afterschool meal sites will fill a food access gap. The OFA AmeriCorps VISTA service members will work with Boston Public Schools (BPS), Boston Public Library (BPL), and Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) to coordinate summer and afterschool meal programs, new and existing summer meals sites at BPL branches and manage afterschool meals at all BCYF community centers.The OFA AmeriCorps VISTA, leveraging the expertise of Project Bread, will also pilot SNAP application clinics. The VISTA work in SNAP clinics will help to develop a system where residents can be reached and supported throughout the SNAP application process.Identifying gaps and finding opportunities to fill them is an important role that our office plays in addressing food insecurity and food access issues in Boston. We look forward to bringing these VISTA members on board to help us do just that. Our community partners know and work intimately with the communities they serve and are well suited to provide more summer and afterschool meals to children and to help close the SNAP gap in their communities. The VISTA members will help to leverage the strengths that all of these partners bring to the table to yield a meaningful impact on the food security of families across Boston, said Catalina Lpez-Ospina, Director of the Mayor's Office of Food Access.At Project Bread, we promote the success of anti-hunger programs such as SNAP, school breakfast, and summer meals as scalable solutions to food insecurity. These programs have an immediate impact on the children and families who don't have enough to eat. Hunger is a solvable problem, yet its solutions are complex and require an all-hands-on-deck approach, said Erin McAleer, President of Project Bread. The City of Boston has demonstrated great commitment to preventing and ending hunger, and we look forward to collaborating with them to advance our shared goal of making sure everyone in Boston and throughout the Commonwealth have equal access to this basic right - food. By partnering with OFA and the VISTA program, we look forward to expanding our capacity and using our many years of experience to enhance these vital programs for the residents of Greater Boston and beyond.This program will help us ensure that students are learning healthy eating habits that will last them a lifetime, said Laura Benavidez, BPS Executive Director of Food and Nutrition Services. We look forward to this collaboration with Project Bread and the AmeriCorps VISTA program, as we continue working to close the food access gaps for BPS students and their families.Project Breads AmeriCorps VISTA service members will work with school wellness committees and other relevant partners to advocate for improved access to and quality of child nutrition programs hosted or sponsored by schools, including summer and afterschool meal programs and breakfast and lunch programs.In addition to these activities, both AmeriCorps VISTAs will develop a meal program toolkit highlighting best practices for creation and management of sites. These toolkits will help organizations build solid operational systems to restart the programs seamlessly each season and will synthesize best practices around outreach and advocacy with school wellness committees to ensure that future sites effectively reach and meet the needs of the community.Boston Public Library is proud to collaborate with like-minded service organizations and expand summer meal sites in the citys neighborhoods to the Codman Square, East Boston, and Grove Hall library branches this year, and additionally share library resources with children and families, said Boston Public Library President David Leonard. Basic needs have to be met to ensure users can take full advantage of all our library spaces, collections, and programming.""Boston Centers for Youth & Families is looking forward to partnering with OFA to provide much-needed nutrition resources for the young people and families who attend our centers, said William Morales, Commissioner of BCYF. This new partnership will provide families with free, nutritious meals allowing us to further our goal of improving our families overall health and happiness.""Created by Mayor Walsh, the Mayors Office of Food Access works to improve equitable access to nutritious food to foster a more food secure city with vibrant, inclusive food cultures, reflective of the diverse residents in the City of Boston.Last summer OFA in partnership with The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, Boston Public Schools, Project Bread, and Mattapan Food and Fitness Coalition piloted Lunch on the Lawn at City Hall Plaza and Books and Bites at the Mattapan Branch of the Boston Public Library. These two new locations combined serve more than 3,000 meals to young people 18 or under during the summer, filling the school meals gap. This year OFA is strengthening partnerships and expanding to more BPL branches, farmers markets, and public facilities.Project Bread is committed to preventing and ending hunger in Massachusetts. We approach hunger as a complex problem with multiple solutions we provide immediate access to affordable, healthy food to those who are hungry today, while also eradicating the systemic causes of hunger. Through its Child Nutrition Outreach Program operated in collaboration with the Massachusetts Department of Elementary and Secondary education, Project Bread assists communities across Massachusetts to provide high-quality free summer meals to children and teens at over 1,000 sites across the state, including nearly 200 in the city of Boston.Along with other sources, the funds raised through The Walk for Hunger, celebrating its 50th anniversary in May 2018, enable Project Bread to pioneer innovative initiatives and support effective programs to end hunger in Boston and throughout Massachusetts. For more information on Project Bread visit projectbread.org and to learn more about the Walk for Hunger visit projectbread.org/walk.VISTA, Volunteers in Service to America, was conceived by President John F. Kennedy as a domestic counterpart to the Peace Corps and was started by President Lyndon Johnson as part of the War on Poverty. It is the national service program that works to eliminate poverty. The first VISTAs began serving in 1965, in migrant farm worker camps in California, the hollows of eastern Kentucky, and the urban neighborhoods of Hartford, CT. In 1994, VISTA was incorporated into the AmeriCorps network of programs. Today, AmeriCorps VISTA is a full-time national service program for individuals interested in developing lasting solutions to the problems of poverty in the United States. AmeriCorps VISTA members create and expand services and programs that help bring low-income individuals out of poverty."
If youve been paying attention to the Digital Teams work in the past year, youve probably noticed that were creating a lot of video content. So, why have we made this push?Well, the answer may be obvious, but a lot of people consume video to get information:Video gives us a way to create targeted messages that tell helpful, interesting stories. With the built-in audiences of YouTube, Facebook, and others, theres also huge potential to get information out to a wider audience.
Summer is here and Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is pleased to announce that the City of Bostons two outdoor pools, the BCYF Clougherty Pool in Charlestown and the BCYF Mirabella Pool in the North End are openfor the season.These pools, along with 16 pools open year round, are operated by BCYF, the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency.Also open is the Citys Family Friendly Beach at the BCYF Curley Community Center in South Boston. The beach will also be open seven days a week and offers families access to an enclosed stretch of beach on Boston Harbor, restrooms with changing tables, picnic tables with umbrellas, outdoor showers, beach game equipment, and Wi-Fi. Membership for the beach for the entire season is $5.The outdoor pools and beach will remain open seven days a week until Labor Day. All locations will have experienced, certified lifeguards on duty. BCYF Curley facilities are accessible for people with disabilities and both outdoor pools are equipped with lifts from the deck into the water. For programming information, the membership application, and hours of operation, visit Boston.Gov/BCYF.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayors Summer Jobs Program. All BCYF activities are accessible for people with disabilities.
Earlier this month, I testified at the State House to express my support for the proposed changes in Section 521 of the Code of Mass. Regulations (CMR) of the Massachusetts Architectural Access Board.The rewrite of 521 CMR was a long and painstaking process that took years to complete. I know first-hand how thoroughly and diligently these proposed changes were considered, because I was part of the subcommittee who worked on them, along with several of my staff members, disability advocates, government officials, and architects.We literally went over each proposed change word by word, to fully assess its impact from every perspective possible: socially, institutionally, financially, and legally. And in going through this process, I gained a much deeper understanding ofthe needto change the existing regulations in order to close some loopholes that may result, however unintentionally, in excluding people with disabilities from many areas of life.The most impactful change in 521 CMR, if adopted, is that it will create substantial equivalency between the AAB and the ADA, meaningthat there will beonly one building code bookfor architects, builders, and inspectors to follow. This will increase accessibility in the built environment by clarifying the requirements for everybody, which is critically important, because changing the built environment causes a ripple effect, opening up new opportunities for people with disabilities.To read more about the 521 CMR, please visit the state's website.
Councilor Ayanna Pressley welcomed Chief of Human Services, Marty Martinez, Executive Director of the Boston Public Health Commission, Monica Valdes Lupi and Director of Research and Evaluation, Dan Dooley, also from the health commission, to present Health of Boston, an annual report compiled by the commission updating Boston elected officials and community members of the status of health in our city.The actual report spans over 900 pages, and is full of detailed information and statistics. The goal this year was to make the information more accessible and visually appealing, so it features more maps, graphs and infographics like the ones below.Topics like Health Equity, Access to Care, Maternal & Child Health, and Infectious Diseases are a few examples of whats covered in the report. The annual Health of Boston report has been utilized by policy makers, academic institutions, healthcare institutions, and private citizens for over 20 years.The full video of the briefing can be found here.For more information, be sure to visit this link dedicated entirely to the report and the many others from previous years.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Tania Del Rio as the City of Boston's new Executive Director for the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement,an office established under the leadership of Mayor Walsh tasked with overseeing and coordinating initiatives to promote equal rights and equal economic, social, political and educational opportunities for all women and girls throughout Boston.Tania, who currently serves as the Diversity Outreach Officer in the City's Office of Diversity, is the first Latina to lead the office.""I'm incredibly proud of the great strides we've made over the last four years in advancing opportunities for all in this city, and am thrilled to welcome Tania as the new Executive Director of the Office of Women's Advancement,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Her skills and expertise are a great fit to continue this important work. When women succeed, we all succeed, which is why in Boston we'll continue to lead on the important issues impacting women.""""I am excited to take on the role of Executive Director for the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement and look forward to working with the many community partners and organizations that work to advance women and girls everyday,"" said Del Rio. ""I've always been passionate about the importance of women's voices, especially women of color, being represented in everything we do. With Mayor Walsh's continued leadership in this space, I look forward to working every single day to make Boston the best city in America for women.""Since the office was first established in 2014, it has taken a leadership position on issues impacting women, both on a local and national scale. The office is best known for its first-in-the-nation, multi-pronged approach to measuring and closing the gender wage gaps in Boston. The approach focuses in the following areas: Individual women:The office offersfree salary negotiation workshops, in partnership with the American Association of University Women (AAUW). Through these workshops, we're empowering women who live or work in Boston with the skills they need to evaluate, negotiate, and articulate their worth in the job market. According to a case studyreport released in September 2017, 87 percent of women who completed the workshops in the first year of the program took immediate action, whether that be by identifying target salaries or making the ask. Nearly half either negotiated increased compensation in their current job or a obtained a competitive salary for a new job.Employers:Establishing the100% Talent Compact,a first-in-the-nation pledge companies can take to commit to helping Boston close the gender wage gaps. By signing on, businesses pledge to take concrete, measurable steps toward closing the gender gaps in wages and representation in their companies.As of April 2018, 223 businesses have taken the pledge.Legislation:Mayor Walsh was a strong proponent of an Act to Establish Pay Equity, which will go into effect this July 1. The new law eliminates the salary history question and promotes greater pay transparency.The current Executive Director, Megan Costello, is stepping down to pursue a Master in Public Administration at Harvard Kennedy School of Government.""It has been my honor to serve as the Executive Director for the Mayor's Office Of Women's Advancement under Mayor Walsh's leadership. He has supported and amplified the work of our office from day one to ensure all women's voices are heard and included,"" said Costello. ""I am proud of everything the office has accomplished in just four years and am excited to see the work continue with Tania's appointment as the new executive director. I've had the opportunity to work very closely with her over the past few years and have seen her passion, knowledge, and dedication to ensuring every voice is equally represented.""Del Rio currently serves as the City of Boston's Diversity Outreach Officer, where her work is focused on helping the City of Boston shape a workforce that is reflective of its population, and promoting diversity and inclusion among Boston's employers. Before joining the City of Boston she served as the the head of the Citizen Protection and Community Affairs Departments at the Consulate of Mexico in Boston, and the head of Political Affairs and Press at the Embassy of Mexico in Colombia.Del Rio earned her Bachelor's degree in International Relations from New York University and her Masters in Public Policy from Harvard Kennedy School of Government. During her time there, she served as a research assistant to world-renowned behavioral economist and Director of the Women and Public Policy Program, Dr. Iris Bohnet. Del Rio was recognized by the Harvard Kennedy School with the Jane Mansbridge Research Award for distinguished research related to gender and public policy and the 2016 Outstanding Policy Analysis Exercise Award, for her paper on gender equality in the Foreign Service.Del Rio is a member of Board of Directors of the Veronica Robles Cultural Center Partakers Inc., and Excel Academy, and contributes monthly as a columnist in El Heraldo Latino Newspaper. Del Rio was born in Mexico City and raised as a bicultural child between the U.S. and Mexico. In addition to her native Spanish, she can also speak French and Italian. She is a resident of East Boston where she lives with her family. She will begin her new role in June.In June 2014, Mayor Walsh created the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement to prioritize advocating for equal opportunity for women and girls in the City of Boston. The Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement creates specific programming and opportunities that support three priority areas: economic equity, health and safety, and data and research. Some of the office's most recent work includes: research on paid parental leave and childcare affordability a multi-pronged approach to closing the gender wage gap reducing the demand for sex trafficking in the City of Boston and creating specific programming for women entrepreneurs. Learn more on their website."
The City Councilhas reviewed the budgets for the Department of Neighborhood Development, the Department ofInnovation and Technology,the Boston Public Libraries, and the Inspectional Services Department.The City Council has also discussed various aspects of the Boston Public Schools Budget (BPS) including Social Emotional Learning and Wellness/Behavioral Health, Homeless Education Resource Network, Opportunity and Achievement Gap, Transportation, Safety, and much more.This week, the City Council will examine Boston Centers for Youth and Families, Youth Engagement and Employment, the Public Works Department, and the Boston Public Health Commission.For the first time last year, the City Council held a budget hearing strictly dedicated to hearing testimony from the public. Residents can look forward to this opportunity to share their thoughts again in June. Stay tuned for more information!For a list of future hearings, click here. To stay up-to-date on FY19 budget hearings and to view upcoming hearings, visit our YouTube channel.
The honor comes during Mental Health Awareness Month, which takes place in May each year. The month seeks to spread awareness of how we can prevent suicide and provide support to impacted families.Feaster currently serves on the advisory council of Samaritans, Inc., whose mission is to reduce the incidence of suicide by alleviating despair, isolation, distress and suicidal feelings among individuals in our community.Feaster said, The whole issue around mental health and suicide is my ministry My son passed August 3, 2010. Those of us who have suffered a loss, we never forget the date, we never forget the time. What I decided to do was take that particular loss and be an advocate on the issues of mental health and suicide.If you need to talk to someone about how youre feeling, grieve the loss of a loved one to suicide, or want to learn how to help others in crisis, you can find support with Samaritans, Inc. Visitsamaritanshope.orgfor more information.
"For the fifth year in a row, youth ages 12-25 in Boston have a chance to vote on how the City of Boston will spend $1 million ofMayor Walsh's Imagine Boston 2030 Capital Planthrough the ""Youth Lead the Change"" participatory budgeting process. Voting stations are currently set up across the City, and votes will be collected through Saturday, June 2. Anonline ballotis also available.""By involving young people in this process we are cultivating a generation of Boston youth who are passionate about their City and have the opportunity to shape its future,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""Young people are working together, polling their peers, and addressing the issues that matter most to them.""Youth Lead the Change (YLC) is managed by Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Division of Youth Engagement & Employment in close collaboration with a steering committee comprised of community and youth serving organizations. The Mayor's Youth Council partnered with youth organizations to write the rules and oversee the implementation of the process. Voting polls will be located at local MBTA stations, schools and youth serving agencies for the citywide vote. The list of voting locations and the online ballot can be found atboston.gov/youth-lead-change.Current projects youth will vote on are:Project A: Fans In SchoolsInstall fans in schools that lack central air conditioning to provide a more comfortable learning environment in the summer.Project B: Add Solar Panels To BuildingsPlace solar panels on city-owned property. It helps save money in the long term as we combat climate change and lose oil and fossil fuel reserves.Project C: Invest In Community GardensRenovate community gardens and farms to increase the production of produce, which will create more fresh food options for Boston's Youth. This renovation will improve the health of Boston's youth by providing access to healthy alternatives in their local neighborhoods.Project D: Youth WiFi LoungeCreate an accessible youth WiFi lounge in Boston City Hall for students to be able to connect with other students, collaborate on youth initiatives and projects, gain access to city agencies, and apply for youth jobs. This space will have access to Wicked Free WiFi, laptops, desktops, and meeting space.Project E: Blue Box Emergency LightsInstall blue emergency lights connected to 9-1-1 in pilot neighborhoods to help make pedestrians feel safer walking late at night or walking alone.""Youth Lead The Change's Participatory Budgeting process empowers youth by giving them the opportunity to engage in deciding how the City spends its capital budget, illustrating the power of voting,"" said Vikiana Petit-Homme, age 16, Youth Director of Youth Lead the Change. ""Participating in YLC reminds me that as a youth, I have a voice in government and the opportunity to connect with my community and lead capital projects that can help make Boston a better and safer city.""Last year nearly 5,000 eligible votes came in from Boston's youngest populations. A special emphasis is placed on engaging LGBTQ youth, homeless youth, undocumented residents and court or gang involved youth.Past projects selected for funding have included expanding Wicked Free WiFi, installing water bottle refilling stations at parks and placing newer trash cans and recycling bins in select neighborhoods.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Boston's largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayor's Summer Jobs Program."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Danchen Xu as the Chinatown, Downtown and Leather District Neighborhood Liaison within the Mayor's Civic Engagement Cabinet. In this role, Danchen will work as an advocate to the Chinatown, Downtown and Leather District Neighborhoods.""I'm very excited to have Danchen join the Office of Neighborhood Services,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Chinatown, Downtown and Leather District neighborhoods are special and unique places in the City of Boston and I know that Danchen will continue providing excellent city-services and maintaining those neighborhoods as wonderful places to work, live, and play.""As the Chinatown, Downtown and Leather District Liaison, Xu will serve as the primary contact for constituents and businesses looking to connect with the Mayor's Office, and will facilitate the delivery of services in collaboration with City departments.The Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services (ONS) encourages, facilitates and maximizes citizen input and participation through service requests, neighborhood meetings, mailings and emergency responses. To report non-emergency issues to the City, residents are encouraged to connect withBOS:311by dialing 3-1-1 or by downloading the free BOS:311 app on iOS or Android platforms.""I am very honored to be named the Liaison for these neighborhoods,"" said Danchen. ""Both myself and Mayor Walsh understand how special our neighborhoods are in Boston, and I am excited to work hard for both the residents and businesses. I appreciate the Mayor's dedication to the neighborhoods and his plans for maintaining their uniqueness.""Danchen, a native Mandarin and Cantonese speaker, was born and raised in Zhengzhou, China. She has worked in China and Switzerland on matters involving social justice and sustainable development. Prior to becoming a neighborhood liaison, Danchen served in Boston's Office of Fair Housing and Equity under Mayor Walsh, where she helped to both standardize the City's housing lottery application and to expand access to affordable housing opportunities.Danchen has a Bachelor of Arts in International Relations and Political Science from Boston University."
"ayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Public Library (BPL) President David Leonard today announced the appointment of Ben Hires as Director of Strategic Partnerships at the Boston Public Library. In this new role, Hires will be responsible for maintaining and building strong, diversified relationships to advance the Library's mission by ensuring the success of its philanthropic efforts and major organizational partnerships from sectors across the community.The Library relies on successful strategic partnerships to achieve its educational and cultural mission, and for critical financial support. The position will also play a key role in identifying and responding to grant opportunities.""I welcome Ben to this new role, and look forward to the impact his work will have in expanding the partnerships and increasing the opportunities for the Boston Public Library and its users,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Ben brings a wealth of knowledge and expertise to this role, and has the vision we need to achieve our ambitious goals.""""The library needs strong partnerships and strong support to truly achieve its mission,"" said BPL President David Leonard. ""Having a dedicated leadership position and someone with Ben's experience, most recently at the Boston Children's Chorus, in this role, will better position us to serve all of our residents, visitors and users, for today and into the future.""The Director of Strategic Partnerships plays a key role in the development and execution of the Library's philanthropic strategy and community building efforts, locally, statewide and nationally. In this role, Hires will provide oversight, guidance and support to key library fundraising affiliates, partners-in-residence, cultural and programming partners in conjunction with the designated key liaisons for each relationship.Hires previously served as the Executive Producer and Chief Strategy Officer for the Boston Children's Chorus, where he worked in several capacities over the course of nearly 10 years. Prior to the Chorus, he was Executive Director of the New England String Ensemble and Director of Operations at the Boston Youth Symphony Orchestras. In these roles, he provided leadership in the areas of programs, external and corporate relations, planning and strategy, individual fundraising, and was responsible for overseeing the budget. During his tenure at the Boston Children's Chorus, Hires helped secure new funders, partners and helped the organization meet and exceed its revenue goals.""I am very excited to join David and his wonderful team, and work with the Library's Trustees to increase the Library's visibility and impact,"" said Ben Hires. ""It is an exciting time for the Library as it seeks to meet the changing and diverse needs of the Boston community.""Hires earned a Master of Science in Arts Administration, a Master in Theological Studies, and a Bachelor of Arts in Philosophy and Political Science all from Boston University.Hires serves on the Board of Urbanity Dance, the Board of the Allston Brighton Community Development Corporation, and the Advisory Board of the Pao Arts Center. He has also served on the Executive Committee of the Harvard Allston Public Realm Flexible Fund, president of the BU Arts Administration Alumni Association, community chair for the Boston Creates Arts and Culture planning process, a ""Big"" for the Big Brothers Big Sisters program of Massachusetts Bay and College Access Mentor program for the Boston Chinatown Neighborhood Center.He currently lives in Roslindale with his wife and son. Hires will begin in this new role on May 21."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from John Macletchieto demolish the two-story, multi-residence buildinglocated at 24 Cambridge Streetin Charlestown, MA 02129.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on May 21, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"The Mayors Office of Arts and Culture today announced the City of Boston was awarded a grant of $100,000 by the National Endowment for the Arts (NEA) to develop a Latin Quarter Cultural District in Hyde Square. The grant is one of 60 awards totaling $4.1 million supporting projects across the nation through the NEAs Our Town program.The variety and quality of these Our Town projects speaks to the wealth of creativity and diversity in our country, said NEA Chairman Jane Chu. Through the work of organizations such as the Hyde Square Task Force in Boston, NEA funding invests in local communities, helping people celebrate the arts wherever they are.The grant will be used to establish the Citys fourth cultural district in Bostons Hyde Square neighborhood of Jamaica Plain, which will be known as the Latin Quarter Cultural District. The City will work in partnership with Hyde Square Task Force, which will drive the project by collaborating with a planning consultant, leading workshops with their pro bono marketing consultant, and working with a number of artists, including artists in residence.Hyde Square is a very diverse neighborhood with a strong immigrant community, and is known for its abundance of Latino specialty shops, restaurants, and businesses. Hyde Square Task Force also owns the former Blessed Sacrament Basilica, an architectural icon in the Latin Quarter, and is seeking partners to develop it into an Afro-Latin Cultural/Events Center.The creation of the Latin Quarter Cultural District is a significant step toward accomplishing several goals of the Boston Creates cultural plan, including to create fertile ground for a vibrant and sustainable arts and culture ecosystem, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. I am eager to see Bostons Latino community be celebrated and supported for years to come as a result of this cultural district.""We are thrilled to partner with the City of Boston, the Metropolitan Area Planning Commission and local Afro-Latin artists to bring vibrancy to Boston's Latin Quarter and to create a long range plan for this cultural district,"" said Celina Miranda, Hyde Square Task Force Executive Director.For a complete list of projects recommended for Our Town grant support, please visit the NEA website. To join the Twitter conversation about this announcement, please tag the NEA @NEAarts and use the hashtag #NEASpring18. To learn more about the City of Bostons cultural districts, visit here."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities has launched the City's first-ever survey to collect information and learn what the most significant accessibility-related needs are in Boston so that we can shape the City's strategic priorities. Anyone who lives, works, or visits the city and has thoughts about disability-related access is invited to takethe survey.""I commend the Commission for the incredible work they are doing to assess residents' needs so Boston can be a safe, healthy, and accessible city for all,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We will continue to assess and make adjustments until there are more opportunities than barriers and where accessibility is built into everything we do.""""The Commission's survey will serve as the foundation for the City's disability strategic master plan,"" said the Mayor's Chief of Health and Human Services, Marty Martinez. ""The survey will guide our efforts in more robust planning that will ensure Boston is accessible to people of all abilities.""This survey comes on the heels of a larger citywide public input initiative. Last year, the city released its first citywide plan in 50 years,Imagine Boston 2030: a comprehensive plan which will guide growth to support our dynamic economy, and expand opportunity for all residents, create livable neighborhoods, and be a waterfront city for generations to come. The survey will complement the Imagine 2030 plan and add disability related data to help the City with strategic planning and policy development that will make Boston accessible and inclusive of people.The Commission is doing extensive and deliberate outreach with an emphasis on reaching out to people with disabilities, family members of people with disabilities, as well as advocates and professionals who work in the disability community.""We want this data to be reflective of the voices from every neighborhood and community in the City of Boston,"" said Disabilities Commissioner Kristen McCosh. ""This survey will guide us to create a strategic plan and framework to support the disability community within Boston for years to come.""We encourage everyone to participate in theAccessibility Surveythat is available online through June 30, 2018. The Office of Disability can also offer hard copies by mail or can help you complete the survey by phone call our office at 617-635-3682 or use of TTY by dialing 617-635-2541.The Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities works to increase opportunities for people with disabilities by facilitating full and equal participation in all aspects of life within the City of Boston. This includes reducing architectural, procedural, attitudinal, and communication barriers as well as promoting equity in housing, education, employment, transportation, and civic activities."
The grant program is part of NRPAs Great Urban Parks Campaign, which aims to improve environmental and social outcomes in underserved communities through green stormwater infrastructure projects in local parks. As part of the program, grants totaling $30,000 were recently awarded to three communities to help engage residents in the planning, implementation and ongoing maintenance of local green stormwater infrastructure projects. The three agencies that received grants are:NRPA will work in partnership with these communities to identify best practices and innovative strategies that effectively empower the community to influence the design of a green stormwater infrastructure project that best suits their needs, while also benefiting the local environment. Unlike traditional gray stormwater management, green stormwater infrastructure uses natural processes to filter and slow the flow of water to protect and restore clean and healthy waterways. Publicly owned parks are ideal venues for the installation of these solutions as they offer a variety of benefits beyond stormwater mitigation, especially in underserved communities where flooding and water quality are a concern.The Green Stormwater Infrastructure Community Outreach and Education Grant will supplement an existing traditional public input process with thought-provoking intervention projects to encourage collaboration among neighbors and local organizations while exploring resiliency measures. The green stormwater infrastructure project being developed by the Boston Parks Department is part of The Moakley Park Vision Plan that will engage residents in the revitalization of Moakley Park's 60 acres.Climate resiliency of South Boston is a focus as the park's location along Dorchester Bay provides an opportunity to protect existing and new development from the projected sea level rise and stormwater flooding, while reducing the urban heat island effect in an environmental justice neighborhood. The Parks Department will use the grant to utilize a mobile, interactive Climate Kiosk to introduce new elements of climate resiliency. By making the information accessible, residents will be educated and empowered to take an active role in advocating for the protection of their homes and community.To learn more about NRPAs Great Urban Parks Campaign and the Community Outreach and Education Grant, visit www.nrpa.org/about-greeninfrastructure. To learn more about NRPA, visit www.nrpa.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Office of Economic Development today announced theSmall Business Centerwill launch its third workshop series on Monday, May 14thin Roxbury's Dudley Square at the Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building at 2300 Washington Street, Roxbury. Following two successful installments in Mattapan and East Boston, the Roxbury Small Business Center will offer six free workshops focused on small business growth through contracting opportunities, financial and legal resources, and networking opportunities for small business owners, entrepreneurs, and small business support organizations.""We saw great attendance and interest in our first two Small Business Centers in Mattapan and East Boston, and I look forward to continue building opportunities for small businesses in Roxbury and neighborhoods throughout the City of Boston,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""As a historic, commercial hub of Boston, Dudley Square is the perfect location to build on our outreach to neighborhood entrepreneurs and small business owners as we seek to offer support and streamlined assistance to small businesses, local hiring, and vibrant commercial districts.""In partnership with Boston Main Streets and local business support organizations and experts retained through the on-site business assistance program, the Small Business Centers in Mattapan and East Boston hosted close to 400 small business owners and entrepreneurs throughout 17 different workshops that covered important topics including financial literacy, legal and leasing guidance, and workshops for immigrant entrepreneurs.""Supporting Boston's small businesses that add character and heart to our neighborhoods, employ our residents, and contribute immensely to our thriving economy is a top priority for Mayor Walsh and our economic development strategy for Boston,"" said John Barros, Chief of Economic Development. ""By breaking down barriers, increasing access, and opening doors to opportunities, expertise, and networks, small businesses and entrepreneurs now have more resources to achieve their individual goals and be successful. I am eager to build on the success we have seen in Mattapan and East Boston, and look forward to working with all of the partners to assist small business in Roxbury and every neighborhood in the City of Boston.""Data shows that the businesses which most frequently attended workshops included food-based businesses, companies seeking contracting opportunities, as well as cooperative or employee-owned organizations. Workshops that saw the most attendees were focused on access to capital, tips for lean business planning, and guidance on winning public contracts.""We were thrilled to host the second Small Business Center in East Boston, which presents an extraordinary and unique opportunity to bring together current and aspiring entrepreneurs with resources, expertise, and partners both in the private and public sector,"" said Max Gruner, Executive Director of East Boston Main Streets. ""The seven weeks of one-on-one mentoring and group presentations we hosted last fall were invaluable to both the East Boston and larger Boston business community.""The Roxbury Small Business Center will offer six workshops of high-impact professional training, networking and one-on-one coaching sessions beginning Monday, May 14 through Monday, June 25. Based on feedback from the small business community and prioritized in the City of Boston's first everSmall Business Plan, workshop topics range from leasing and legal assistance, to tips on accessing capital resources, to specific guidance and best practices on contracting opportunities with government organizations. Spanish interpretation will be available for each workshop and coaching session.The Economic Development Cabinet's mission is to make Boston an appealing and accessible place for working families, entrepreneurs, businesses, and investors to innovate, grow, and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for all Bostonians and the experience for all visitors. Learn more on theirwebsite.Boston Main Streetsprovides funding and technical assistant to 20 neighborhood-based Main Streets districts throughout the City of Boston, and has served as a national model for urban areas seeking to revitalize neighborhood commercial districts including Baltimore, Washington, D.C., Milwaukee, Detroit, New Orleans, Seattle and Portland, Oregon. Boston Main Streets continues to empower individuals in the small business sector to have a direct role in the economic health, physical appearance, and development of their own community."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from James McQueen with the City of Bostonto demolish the four-story masonry building at 174 Ipswich Street in Boston, MA 02215.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on May 19, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that he will be visiting Ireland from Thursday, May 10 to Monday, May 14, 2018. On his trip, he will meet with Irish officials and address the public on Boston's important economical and cultural ties to Ireland, receive several ceremonial awards, and participate in the unveiling of Kilkerrin Rock. ""Ireland and the Irish culture hold a special place in my heart, and are a large part of Boston's overall identity as well,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our economic and cultural ties to Ireland are undeniable, and it's beneficial for Boston to continue to embrace, support and learn from other countries and cities. I'm honored that our work in Boston is being acknowledged overseas.""While in Ireland, the Mayor will spend time highlighting the importance of cultural richness, acceptance of immigrants, and economic partnerships as well as take time to honor tradition and help start new customs. During his trip, he will attend the following events:The ""Freedom of the City"" is a ceremonial award, given by a local government to those who have served in an exceptional capacity, or upon any whom the City wishes to bestow an honor. Mayor Walsh will be accepting this award and joining past recipients such as John F. Kennedy, Pope John Paul II, John Hume, Hillary Clinton, Richard Daley, Nelson Mandela, Ms. Garry Hynes, President Michael D Higgins and Senator Billy Lawless.Four years after Mayor Walsh helped unveil a stone marker at the site of a planned Emigrant Commemorative Centre in Carna, Co. Galway, the new emigrant center is completed, and the Mayor will be returning to cut the ceremonial ribbon. The Emigrant Commemorative Centre will serve as a monument and a symbolic gathering place for the community and their descendants. The Centre educate visitors on the changing face of the rural Gaeltacht area and Galway's rich immigrant history.Mayor Walsh will join local dignitaries in the presentation and dedication of the Kilkerrin Rock in his honor. The rock has beeninscribed with the words, ""To all of our brothers and sisters who had to leave their families and homes, some never to return, in search of a better life abroad,"" along with the Mayor Walsh's name, the date, and the Irish and US flags intertwined.Mayor Walsh is being recognized for his achievements and will be named the first ever Freeman of County Galway, proposed by Connemara area Councillor Sean O' Tuairisg. The title of Freeman is a prestigious honor, ceremonial in name. It is typically bestowed upon visiting dignitaries, celebrities and valued members of the community."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that he has filedan amended citywide ordinanceestablishing guidelines and regulations to better track and regulate short-term rentals in the City of Boston. The updated ordinance is the result of collaboration with the Boston City Council and conversations among residents, advocates, and public and private stakeholders that reflect the shared goal of providing economic opportunities for residents and temporary accommodation for visitors, while preserving Boston's housing stock.The regulations put forth modifyMayor Walsh's original ordinance filed in January, and further aim to capture the growth of Boston's growing home-share industry, while including deterrents to prevent operators from monopolizing Boston's housing market with short-term rentals. In addition, the regulations provide a standardized framework for regulating these units that both meet the needs of the evolving industry, provide protections for occupants and minimize the impact on surrounding neighbors of these units.""Thoughtful regulation of short-term rentals that balance our efforts to preserve housing affordability with the growing demand for short-term rentals is key to keeping our communities stable,""said Mayor Walsh. ""Boston is a great place to live and visit, and we look forward to responsibly incorporating the growth of the home-share industry into our work to create affordable housing options for all.""The ordinance allows for greater flexibility for property owners looking to list their primary residence as a short-term rental, as well as for owners of multi-unit properties.The ordinance takes a three-tiered approach to classifying short-term rental units:""This ordinance offers reasonable regulations of short-term rentals to close corporate loopholes, protect our housing stock, and stabilize neighborhoods,"" said Boston City Councilor Michelle Wu. ""I'm proud to support this legislation as the Mayor and City Council work together to stem Boston's housing crisis.""The regulations also provide protections for the occupants of the short-term rental unit by prohibiting any property with outstanding housing, sanitary, building, fire or zoning-code violations from being listed. In addition, the operator is required to provide notice to abutters of a short-term rental unit within 30 days of approved registration.The regulations require the unit to register with the City of Boston each year to verify compliance with the provisions of the ordinance, and pay an annual license fee. Penalties will be incurred to any person who offers an ineligible unit as a short-term rental, fails to register, or fails to comply with a notice of violation.To assist with the enforcement of regulations, booking platforms will be required to provide the City with monthly data and information relative to the short-term rental listings that detail the location and occupancy numbers.In January, the City released a Request for Information (RFI) to identify software solutions that will enable operators to register and renew short-term rental units online, and facilitate the enforcement of the conditions of allowable short-term rental use. The City is currently reviewing responses to the RFI.Today's announcement builds on Mayor Walsh's commitment to addressing the housing demands in Boston. To date, the Walsh Administration has committed more than $100 million in funding to the creation and preservation of affordable housing. Today's announcement builds on the City's preservation and anti-displacement goals, outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, Mayor Walsh's housing plan, and the housing goals laid out inImagine Boston 2030, Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years. As part of both plans, Boston has prioritized increasing the overall housing supply, with a focus on creating and preserving affordable housing.Since the launch of the housing plan, 24,454 new units have been permitted. When complete, these developments will be enough to house 48,600 new residents, and begin to relieve pressure on rents in existing housing. Of these, 4,649 new income-restricted units have been permitted, of which 2,234 are targeted to low income households. There are an additional 4,240 deed-restricted units in the City's development pipeline.Data shows that the availability of short-term rental units has a direct correlation to housing costs. A 2016 study by UMass Boston found a 0.4% increase in rent prices due to increases in AirBNB listings, and a nationwide UCLA student also found a 0.42% increase.In addition to rent increases, the commercialization of short-term rentals in residential dwellings and residential neighborhoods has the potential to reduce availability of long-term housing for owners and tenants alike, and is contrary to the Administration's goal of adding 53,000 units of housing across a variety of income levels by 2030.In addition to creating new housing, the Walsh Administration is focused on protecting the tenancies of Boston's residents, launching the nation's firstOffice of Housing Stabilityin 2016. In addition, Mayor Walsh has strengthened tenants' access to information by creating thecity's first online guide to the eviction process."
"Building on Boston's commitment to leading the way on addressing climate change, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Boston will welcome mayors and leaders from public and private sectors to Boston in June for an International Mayors Climate Summit hosted at Boston University. The one-day program will feature John Kerry, 68th United States Secretary of State, in conversation with Bank of America Vice Chairman, Anne Finucane, and remarks by Gina McCarthy, 13th Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. The summit will focus on best practices and steps city leaders can take to address climate change globally and in their own communities.""Climate change is not an issue a city can solve by itself -- but Boston's leadership can be far-reaching,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to welcoming leaders who share in our commitment to addressing climate change to Boston this summer. Together, we will continue to make our cities and our country stronger as we move forward on this very real issue.""The International Mayors Climate Summit will serve as a critical opportunity for some of the most influential mayors and leaders to strategize, collaborate, and learn from one another about approaches to the global crisis on climate change.Mayors will convene on strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, such as the acceleration of renewable energy, and how to prepare for the impacts of climate change, including discussions on climate migration.""Whether the topic is resiliency, emergency preparedness, the challenges of concentrated populations, or the carbon footprint of urban industries - the role of cities in addressing climate change is one of the most important discussions of our time and there is no better place to be having that discussion than in Boston,"" said John Kerry,68th United States Secretary of State.""I am honored to be joining our host and my own Mayor, Marty Walsh, and his colleagues in this conversation.""""Climate change impacts the health, safety and security of our residents, the physical integrity of our neighborhoods and the well being of our natural resources,"" said Gina McCarthy, 13th Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. ""Strong Mayors are the change makers we need to face climate change head on.""""We are focused on bringing together the entire financial sector to create innovative ways to deploy capital and create partnerships that accelerate progress,"" said Anne Finucane, Vice Chairman, Bank of America. ""The transition to a low-carbon economy will take the public, private and non-profit sectors working together to create change. The International Mayors Climate Summit provides an important forum to further this work.""The summit will take place onThursday, June 7that Boston University, a summit sponsor. Mayor Walsh is also hosting the U.S. Conference of Mayors 86th Annual Meeting at the Marriott Copley PlaceJune 8th - 11th.""Weare pleased to host mayors from around the world to the International Climate Summit at Boston University,"" said Boston University President Robert Brown. ""The action of cities and institutions will be critical to addressing the enormous challenges presented by climate change. Through our Climate Action Plan, Boston University has committed to carbon neutrality by 2040 and istakingthe steps needed tobecomea resilient campus. We welcome the opportunity to participate in the critical conversations that will take place at the Summit.""Boston is taking bold action on climate to become a carbon neutral, climate ready city as outlined in its updatedClimate Action Plan. The 2014 Climate Action Planupdate serves as Boston's roadmap for reaching its goals of reducing carbon emissions and preparing for the impacts of climate change. The goals are supported by Imagine Boston 2030, the first citywide plan in 50 years, that helps to ensure that climate plays a role in aspects of city planning.The city's current climate initiatives are laying the groundwork to advance its climate goals and to accelerate progress.Carbon Free Bostonis analyzing the options and pathways to achieve deep decarbonization. The initiative is weighing the costs and benefits of technologies and policies across key action areas including electric power, buildings, transportation, and waste. As part of this effort,Zero Waste Bostonis exploring pathways to turn Boston into a zero waste city through planning, policy, and community engagement.Additionally,Climate Ready Bostonis bolstering Boston's climate change resilience with near- and long-term planning. It is actively advancing Boston's vision of a resilient city through a comprehensive citywide vulnerability study, a community outreach program, and neighborhood-level implementation projects.All of these initiatives will inform the upcoming update of Boston's Climate Action Plan next year.In addition, Mayor Walsh is a co-chair ofClimate Mayors(Mayors National Climate Action Agenda or MNCAA), a network of 402 U.S. mayors representing over 69 million Americans -- working together to strengthen local efforts for reducing greenhouse gas emissions and supporting efforts for binding federal and global-level policy making. Climate Mayors recently releaseda statement in support of the current federal standards on vehicle fuel efficiencyin response to the Trump Administration's efforts to roll back this important policy.Mayor Walsh is also North American Vice Chair of theC40 Cities Climate Leadership Group, an international network of the world's major cities addressing climate change."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Giacomo DiSipioto demolish the single-family dwelling located at 892 Metropolitan Avenue in Hyde Park, MA 02136.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on May 18, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced applications for the 2018-2019 SPARK Boston Council are nowavailable. TheSPARK Boston Council is a group of volunteers charged with leading the City's efforts to engage Boston's young adult population.""We're proud to have the highest percent of young adults out of any major city in the country,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The SPARK Boston Council gives us an opportunity to challenge young adults to think big and become neighborhood leaders. This population is diverse, well-educated and full of ideas that will help us grow the city in a sustainable and positive way."" Under the direction of the SPARK Boston Director, the 2018-2019 Council will spend the year using its talent and innovation to identify ways in which Boston can grow as an inviting, connected, culturally rich and sustainable place for young adults. Projects may include programming and projects on housing policy, economic development, equal pay, public art and neighborhood engagement. Throughout the SPARK Boston Council Term, members also hear from key members of the Mayor's staff as well as leaders within City Hall.""The SPARK Boston Council has always been defined by civically engaged, energetic Boston residents who are passionate about their future and our city,"" said Amy Mahler, Director of SPARK Boston. ""Council members serve a multitude of roles such as being ambassadors of City programs, participating in focus groups for City staff, or convening policy conversations and neighborhood celebrations. It's a great way to be an active participant in Boston's future as well as your own.""The 2017-2018 SPARK Boston Council is comprised of 38 Boston residents, who live in 20 different neighborhoods across Boston. This group includes entrepreneurs, designers, social workers, restaurant professionals, undergraduate and graduate students, community organizers, veterans and representatives from many other industries across the public and private sectors. Approximately a third of the Council are native Bostonians, while others grew up as far away as France, Cape Verde, India and Spain.Last year, the SPARK Boston program received 180 applications for the Council, showing a robust interest for involvement and engagement. Projects for this Council cohort have included the launch of the neighborhood tour series, the continuation of the Chief Chat policy talk series, and the Millennial Homeownership Open House, a collaboration with the Boston Home Center to bring educational materials, lenders, and realtors to millennials.""SPARK Boston is an opportunity to give back to my community, develop professionally and expand my network,"" said Emily Murphy of the 2017-2018 SPARK Boston Council. ""I'd had the chance to interact with peers and professionals from all walks of life, and have truly learned about the city of Boston, community involvement, and myself.""""SPARK has given me the opportunity to collaborate with other millennials who share my values in Boston,"" said Gabrielle Sims of the 2017-2018 SPARK Boston Council. ""Not only have I planned great events with others on the SPARK Council, but I have learned about new places in Boston and now have a newfound appreciation for the city!""Applicants must be Boston residents between the ages of 20 to 34 to apply for the Council. Applications for the Council can befound hereandthe submission deadline is July 16th, 2018. For more information, visit the SPARKBoston Program.Boston is home to a large and diverse millennial population. SPARK Boston (formerly ONEin3) is a City of Boston initiative that aims to empower the millennial generation to play a greater role in planning for the future of our city."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, in collaboration with the Boston Art Commission and Boston Public Library, today announced aRequest for Proposals(RFP) for a public art project to complement the renovation of the Dudley Branch of the Boston Public Library.The RFP is for the first of two Percent for Art projects that the City of Boston is commissioning as part of the renovation of the library. The Percent for Art program sets aside one percent of the City's annual capital borrowing budget for the commission of public art.""I'm very excited to see how these public art installations will enhance the design of the renovated branch,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Dudley Library has been a pillar in the Roxbury neighborhood for years, and this artwork will only make it more welcoming and reflective of the vibrant community that surrounds it.""The Dudley Branch is currently undergoing a $17.2 million renovation included as part of Mayor Walsh'sImagine Boston 2030 Capital Plan, scheduled to reopen in 2020, that will fully modernize the facility. The renovation includes a new welcome area overlooking a redesigned plaza, improved visibility and openness, dedicated space for children, teens, and adults, a nutrition lab and learning lab, refreshed collections, and more.The project has a budget of $250,000 and is for a site-specific, impactful, focal design feature with a second RFP being issued this summer for graphics and images that will be reproduced and fabricated by the design team to animate interior spaces within the library.The City is accepting questions about the project untilFriday, May 18, 2018by5 p.m. ESTand the deadline to submit proposals isFriday, June 8, 2018by12 p.m. EST.""We are thrilled to see the Mayor's Office of Arts & Culture incorporate public art into the redesign project for the Dudley Branch, which I hope will add another dynamic visual element and help ensure the new library space is welcoming, inspiring, and of the community,"" said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library.Potential locations for the artwork include a large concrete wall that is visible from many areas of the library, as well as from Warren Street.""The Dudley Branch Library is a valuable 'third space' in the Roxbury Cultural District where our community gathers to learn, convene, have fun and share our stories,"" said Kelley Chunn, President & Chair of the Roxbury Cultural District. ""Cultural representation matters, and so we are glad that community based artists will have a voice in the reimagining of this precious public resource.""The RFP is open to all professional artists, artisans, architects, landscape architects, or teams with experience in public art, site responsive design, project management, and construction administration. Professionals from Roxbury are encouraged to apply.""This project will allow us to continue working toward a major goal outlined in the Boston Creates cultural plan, which is to integrate arts, culture, and creativity into the public realm and urban environment,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. ""I look forward to seeing the public's response to the art, and the impact it has on visitors to the space.""An Artist Selection Committee comprising representatives from the Boston Art Commission and local arts professionals representing the neighborhood of Roxbury will review the submissions. A contract is expected to be awarded in July 2018. Artists can submit proposalshere.The Boston Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC) released the City's first cultural plan, Boston Creates, in 2016, calling for increased support to Boston's arts and culture ecosystem. The Percent for Art Program is a critical policy outcome of this planning process and addresses Goal 4 of the plan: to integrate arts and culture into all aspects of civic life, inspiring all Bostonians to value, practice, and reap the benefits of creativity in their individual lives and in their communities. The Percent for Art Program demonstrates the City's leadership and commitment to sustainable funding for the arts by setting aside one percent of the City's annual capital borrowing budget for the commissioning of public art. The Percent for Art Program is administered by the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture and the Boston Art Commission, in collaboration with the Office of Budget Management, the Public Facilities Department, and other City departments. For more information,visit here.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information,visit here.The Boston Art Commission (BAC), an independent board of arts leaders charged with the care and custody of all artworks on City of Boston property, advocates for the creation of innovative and transformative art and promotes its accessibility to enrich the lives of Boston's diverse citizens and visitors. The Art Commission advises, supports, and consults with artists and communities, City departments, and others. It commissions, approves, and conserves the City of Boston's collection of art and historical artifacts. For more information,visit here.Boston Public Library provides educational, cultural and civic enrichment, free to all, for the residents of Boston, Massachusetts and beyond, through its collections, services, programs, and spaces. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library is a pioneer of public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a children's room. As a City of Boston historic cultural institution, Boston Public Library today features a Central Library, twenty-five branches, a map center, business library, archival center extensive special collections of rare books, manuscripts, photographs, and prints and rich digital content and online services. The award-winning renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, completed in 2016, together with new, renovated and historic branches, provide a transformed library system for the next generation of users. Boston Public Library enriches lives, hosting thousands of free educational programs and exhibitions, and providing free library services online and in-person to millions of people each year. To learn more, visitbpl.org."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Eric Gould with New Boston Buildersto demolish the mixed-use building located at 321 West Broadway in South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on May 17, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) have announced the release of the 2018 BCYF Summer Grants Request for Proposal (RFP). Applicants may apply for a 2018 BCYF Summer Grant of up to $5,000 to support fun, safe, enriching youth programming this summer. These grants will increase both the number and variety of programs serving youth, and will ensure that youth across the City have access to activities and opportunities this summer.""Thousands of Boston's young people will have a great summer thanks to the agencies the BCYF Summer Grant supports,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm pleased to be able to offer this grant to support the innovative and engaging programming provided by our non-profit partners during the summer months.""""Through our non-profit partners, Boston youth will benefit from a greater selection enrichment opportunities that will promote healthier and happier Boston youth,"" said Mayor's Office of Health and Human Services Chief, Marty Martinez. ""Thanks to the BCYF Summer Grant Program, youth from Mattapan to East Boston will have great opportunities to participate in quality youth programming throughout the summer.""The grants range from $2,000 to $5,000 and will support summer programs in Boston neighborhoods. Ages to be served must range from 6-18 and may include young adults up to age 21. Programs must operate betweenJuly 11 and August 31. Last year, almost half of the 82 programs that were awarded funding had a sports, recreation, fitness or health-related focus, while others were art-based, educational or community and civic engagement opportunities.""Even though BCYF offers hundreds of summer programs, we rely on our non-profit partners to join us in keeping Boston's youth happy, healthy and safe during the summer,"" said William Morales, Commissioner of BCYF. ""I can't wait to review the variety of applications we will receive from all across the City.""""Thanks to the BCYF Summer Grant, Boston Youth Wrestling's Coaches in Training Program has thrived the last few summers,"" said Bior Guigni, Program Director. ""Our youth spend the summer developing crucial leadership and mentoring skills, and in turn, they run programs throughout the city that are fun and safe for others to enjoy. I look forward to this opportunity every summer and am thankful for the support of the BCYF Summer Grant.""The deadline to apply is5 p.m.onFriday, May 18th. For more information including the RFP, please visitBoston.Gov/BCYF."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that writer and educator Jabari Asim and former state legislator Linda Dorcena Forry have been appointed to theBoston Public Library Board of Trustees. Journalist Ben Bradlee has also been re-appointed as a Trustee. The Trustees' mission is to preserve and provide access to historical records of our society, and to serve the cultural, educational, and informational needs of the city of Boston and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.""Linda Dorcena Forry and Jabari Asim both have served the public and understand the critical importance of making information accessible for all communities at the Boston Public Library,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The City of Boston is honored to have them join the Board of Trustees and utilize their knowledge, expertise, and personal experiences to further our iconic institution's important work.""Asim fills the Board's unofficial writer's seat, which has been previously held by notable authors such as Dennis Lehane, David McCullough and Doris Kearns Goodwin.""As a patron, researcher and author, I've benefited from the BPL's expansive archives and programs,"" said Jabari Asim. ""I look forward to participating as a board member and contributing to its continued growth as an enduring institution and community resource.""""I am honored to join the Boston Public Library board of trustees, as I have worked throughout my career in the Legislature to support and strengthen Boston's system of branch libraries,"" said Linda Dorcena Forry. ""I look forward to putting my experience in city and state government to work on this board. Boston's public library system is so important to the people of our city. Thanks to the leadership of Mayor Martin Walsh, board chairman Robert Gallery, and the BPL board, we are poised to make exciting investments into our system. I am thrilled to join this remarkable institution.""Ben Bradlee Jr., author and a former editor for The Boston Globe, has been re-appointed to the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees.""On behalf of my fellow trustees, we are thrilled to welcome Linda and Jabari to the Board and getting to continue to work with Ben, I am confident that their backgrounds and passion for the Boston Public Library and all it provides will be tremendous assets to our community,"" said Robert Gallery, Chair of the BPL Trustees. ""From supplying important educational and cultural resources to providing great library environments to our neighborhoods, Linda, Jabari and Ben will be serving Boston in such an important capacity.""The Boston Public Library Board of Trustees establishes policies and sets the strategic goals of the library, oversees the general operating and administrative policies, and acts as an agent of public trust governing the library. The BPL Board of Trustees works together with the library president to carry out responsibilities that involve governance and policy-making, financial and development oversight, and the work of strategic planning.Jabari Asim is an author, poet, playwright and associate professor of writing, literature and publishing at Emerson College, where he directs the MFA creative writing program. He is also the former executive editor of The Crisis, the NAACP's journal of politics, ideas and culture founded by historian and social activist W. E. B. Du Bois in 1910. Asim's nonfiction books include ""The N Word: Who Can Say It, Who Shouldn't, and Why,"" ""What Obama Means: ...For Our Culture, Our Politics, Our Future,"" and ""Not Guilty: Twelve Black Men Speak Out on Law, Justice, and Life."" His works of fiction include ""A Taste of Honey"" and his latest novel, ""Only the Strong"" (Agate Bolden). Asim is also the author of several children's books, including ""Whose Toes Are Those?"" and ""Fifty Cents and a Dream: Young Booker T. Washington. He was an editor atThe Washington Postfor 11 years. Born and raised in St. Louis, Missouri, he now lives in Brookline with his wife Liana and their five children.Linda Dorcena Forry is Suffolk Construction's Vice President of Diversity, Inclusion and Community Relations for the Northeast region, In this position, she is responsible for strengthening its diversity and inclusion program, developing long-term talent, and ensuring compliance with local workforce requirements. Before joining Suffolk, Forry served in the Massachusetts State Legislature for 13 years. She was the first woman and person of color elected to represent the First Suffolk Senate District, which includes Dorchester, Hyde Park, Mattapan and South Boston. She served in the post since 2013, and before that, was state Representative for the Twelfth Suffolk House District. She is the daughter of Haitian immigrants, and grew up near Uphams Corner in Dorchester. Along with her new trustee position, Dorcena Forry also serves on boards including the John F. Kennedy Library Advisory Board, the Rappaport Institute for Greater Boston at the Harvard Kennedy School of Government, the Boys and Girls Club of Dorchester, and the Institute for Justice and Democracy in Haiti. Forry lives in Dorchester will her husband Bill and their four children.Ben Bradlee, Jr. spent 25 years, from 1979 to 2004, with The Boston Globe -- 10 years as a reporter and 15 as an editor. As deputy managing editor, he oversaw the Globe's Pulitzer Prize-winning coverage of the sexual abuse scandal in the Catholic Church from July 2001 to August 2002, and also supervised the production of a book on the subject, ""Betrayal,'' which Little, Brown published in June, 2002. ""Spotlight,'' a major feature film on the Globe's investigation, was released in the fall of 2015 and won two Academy Awards, for best original screenplay and best picture. Bradlee is portrayed in the film by actor John Slattery. A graduate of Colby College, Bradlee served in the Peace Corps in Afghanistan from 1970-1972. On his return to the United States in 1972, he went to work as a reporter for the Riverside (Calif.) Press-Enterprise, remaining there until mid 1975.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a children's room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more,visit bpl.org."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Boston has maintained its perfect AAA bond rating, as assigned by Moody's Investor Service and S&P Global Ratings. The City has maintained the top credit ratings from both rating agencies since 2014.According to Moody's Investor Service, Boston's AAA rating reflects the city's strong fiscal management and stable financial position, as well as its large and growing tax base with economic diversity bolstered by significant government, higher education and healthcare sectors. The rating also takes into account Boston's conservatively managed debt profile and its planning efforts with respect to its pension obligations.""In Boston, we're committed to creating opportunities for all, and lifting up Boston's working families,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""To do that, we need to maintain a strong fiscal foundation that allows us to invest in the programs and policies that make a difference. I'm proud Boston once again has achieved a AAA bond rating, allowing us to continue successfully planning for our city's future.""""By tackling our long-term liabilities, controlling costs and using data to drive city spending, the Mayor has prioritized strong financial management,"" said Emme Handy, Chief Financial Officer for the City of Boston. ""This bond rating highlights our commitment to Boston's long-term prosperity as we continue to make record investments in our priorities.""S&P Global Ratings cites Boston's ""very strong"" economy as reason for its AAA rating. Contributing to Boston's strong economy is its talented, diverse workforce longstanding financial and insurance industries, as well as the city's growing reputation as a tech hub central location and recruitment and retainment of college graduates in the city. In addition, S&P also highlighted Boston's history of proactively addressing future challenges through the city's long-term plans. Included in these highlights are Boston'sClimate Action Plan, which addressing goals for reducing greenhouse emission by 2050Climate Ready Boston, which develops resilient solutions to prepare Boston for climate changeGo Boston 2030, which aims to ensure equitable, reliable and safe transportation for all residents andHousing a Changing City, Boston's housing plan which already is well on its way to creating 53,000 new units of housing by 2030.These ratings build on Mayor Walsh's commitment to financial responsibility throughout the City of Boston. Over the past five years, Boston's revenue has grown by 25 percent, and the city has added 80,000 new jobs over the last four years. Boston also recently launched Boston's new investor outreach platform,BuyBostonBonds.com. The new website is the latest step in the city's continued efforts to optimize financial disclosure and is designed to drive investment in Boston's debt, which helps pay for capital projects and investments the City makes. More information about this platform and what it means for investors and residents is alsoavailable here.Last month, Mayor Walsh presented hisFiscal Year 2019 (FY19) budget proposal, a plan that affirms a commitment to progress, opportunity and innovation by investing in Boston's neighborhoods, while building on the City's strong record of proactive fiscal management. The $3.29 billion plan builds on the Walsh Administration's commitment to accelerating progress in key areas, investing in a growing middle class through strong 21st-century schools good jobs affordable homes in safe neighborhoods providing pathways to opportunities supporting public safety for a growing city and improving core city services to benefit all residents."
Last March, my office partnered with the Boston Region Metropolitan Planning Organization (MPO) and the Access Advisory Committee to the MBTA (AACT) for a discussion on accessible transportation. The goal of this open discussion is to help transportation providers better understand what is working and what can be done to improve accessible transportation for people of all abilities. Our topics of discussion included:The MPO is analyzing the information collected at the Transportation Summit for their five-year plan. They will subsequently let transportation officials know about user experiences. My office hopes to combine the input gathered from that discussion with responses collected from our Accessibility Priority Survey around transportation to develop and implement strategic plans for the City of Boston.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Nancy Minucci todemolish the single-family residence at 10 O Street in South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on May 14, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Walsh and the Boston Main Streets Foundation today announced the release of the Connected Communities Exploration Grant, a joint effort focused on creating innovative ways to support local businesses and business districts by increasing connectivity between neighborhoods with both innovative programming and expanded transportation options. The grant, offered by theBoston Main Streets Foundationin collaboration with the Mayor's Offices of Economic Development and New Urban Mechanics, is part of a suite of challenge grants and builds upon the successfulMain Streets Explorer pilot program that provided a trolley between Roslindale, Hyde Park and West Roxbury business districts this past December.""I am excited to work with theBoston Main Streets Foundationto foster new and creative ways to bring more patrons to the small businesses in our neighborhoods, and provide transportation options to easily connect residents with all that our business districts have to offer,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""Through these grants, partnerships will be formed throughout Boston's neighborhood commercial districts, allowing for increased visibility and year-round support for Boston's small businesses to thrive.""Over the 2017 winter holidays, the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, Mayor's Office of Economic Development, Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services, and three Boston Main Streets organizations partnered with the Boston Main Streets Foundation to pilot a free shuttle service between Roslindale, Hyde Park, and West Roxbury. For this particular pilot run, theMain Streets Explorertook the form of a trolley-style shuttle and was fitted with holiday decorations and lights, and stopped at central locations on Main Streets every Thursday for a month. Games, snacks, blankets, and discounts at local businesses were offered to encourage families to ride and explore. The Main Streets Explorer was an experiment in how to support neighborhood connection -- a goal the Connected Communities Grant builds upon.""The Foundation is extremely pleased to be working with the Mayor's Offices of New Urban Mechanics and Economic Development to introduce a broader cross-section of Boston residents and visitors to our wonderful and diverse Main Streets Districts,"" said Foundation President Joel Sklar. ""In every corner of this city, there are commercial districts and plazas teeming with the creativity and culture that makes Boston truly unique.""The Connected Communities grantoffers a total of up to $50,000 to support (1) complementary and progressive programming between two to three Districts, and (2) design and operation of a Main Streets Explorer. This grant is intended to make neighborhood exploration easier and more accessible, connect residents and deepen their understanding of the city and all it offers, and spur economic growth within Boston's small business community.The Main Streets Foundation and the City of Boston is committed to supporting Boston Main Streets exploration, strategies, and programs. With coordinated programming between Main Streets Districts and thoughtful transportation, the Main Streets Foundation and City of Boston hope to enable exploration, connection, and investment in neighborhoods across Boston.The Economic Development Cabinet's mission is to make Boston an appealing and accessible place for working families, entrepreneurs, businesses, and investors to innovate, grow, and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for all Bostonians and the experience for all visitors. Learn more on theirwebsite.As the City's civic research and development team, the New Urban Mechanics pilot experiments that aim to improve the quality of life for Boston's residents. The team's Third Spaces work, supported by a Bloomberg Philanthropies i-Teams grant, is working to make Boston's spaces more welcoming, connected, and creative.Developed out of a partnership between the City of Boston and the National Trust for Historic Preservation, the Boston Main Streets initiative was created in 1995 as the first urban, multi-district Main Streets program in the nation, with the goal of establishing thriving commercial districts throughout the city. Boston Main Streets is a successful model for urban commercial district revitalization that strengthens local business districts through strong organizational development, community participation, resident and merchant education and sustainable development. Boston Main Streets continues to empower individuals in the small business sector to have a direct role in the economic health, physical appearance, and development of their own community.The Boston Main Streets Foundation is committed to making Boston's neighborhood commercial districts thriving, vibrant centers of commerce and community through its support of the Boston Main Streets program. The Boston Main Streets Foundation seeks to develop long-term strategies to increase the economic power and resources of neighborhood commercial districts while pursuing initiatives that build knowledge and capacity for Main Streets programs and the businesses they serve."
"Building on his commitment to strengthen public safety in Boston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Boston Police Commissioner William B. Evans, city officials, community organizations, and clergy members to discuss plans and initiatives the City of Boston will implement in an effort to reduce violence throughout the summer months.""Since I took office, my administration has taken a holistic approach to matters of health and safety. These problems are interrelated, so their solutions require us to work with others outside of City agencies and the Boston Police Department. Summer safety is a citywide effort, one that goes beyond City Hall,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By providing more opportunities for youth to have fun, get a summer job, and get involved in their community, we're providing a much needed path away from violence. Over the past few years, our community has really stepped up to play an active role in summer safety and providing brighter futures for our young people, and I look forward to working with everyone again this year so we can enjoy a terrific, fun, and safe summer.""""Community policing is the foundation of the Boston Police Department,"" said Commissioner Evans. ""Our number one priority is ensure our residents' safety every day, and we'll continue to take new steps to engage with the communities we serve, and make sure every resident feels safe in their community. I'd like to thank all the partners who work with us to achieve our goals, and thank my officiers for their hard work and dedication to the neighborhoods they serve year round.""The Boston Police Department (BPD) will execute a multi-pronged approach to combat violence in Boston's neighborhoods:Mayor Walsh and Commissioner Evans have instituted a comprehensive and multi-disciplinary approach to public safety that not only addresses violence and crime through enforcement efforts, but recognizes the critical importance of providing support, opportunities, and pathways away from violence to Boston's residents.Examples of initiatives and programs to increase positive interactions between BPD and the community include:Jr. Police AcademyThis is a weeklong program for our youth that introduces participants to various operational components of the Department with a visit to Police Headquarters for tours of the Identification and Ballistics Unit, trips to the Police Academy, Range, Mounted Unit, Harbor Patrol and more.Teen Police AcademyThis six week program for older students introduces participants to various operational components of the Department, including community service.P.A.L. to PALSA monthly visit by special unit officers to local Boys and Girls Clubs and YMCAs throughout the city.Youth and Police DialoguesBoston Police Department sponsors conversations with teens and young adults in partnership with neighborhood organizations such as the Center for Teen Empowerment, YMCA, and Medicine Wheel Productions.The BPD Ice Cream TruckThe BPD Ice Cream Truck visits neighborhoods and attends community events to give out free ice cream to residents.National Night OutParticipated in cities across the country, National Night Out promotes involvement in crime prevention activities, police-community partnerships and neighborhood engagement by featuring neighborhood 'block parties' with entertainment, food, and beveragesFlashlight WalksAfter dark community gatherings with Boston Police officers to 'light up the streets' and encourage relationship building amongst neighbors.Coffee with a CopA highly successful initiative, Coffee with a Cop asks residents to join Boston Police in their local coffee shops to discuss public safety concerns and answer questions.Examples of initiatives and programs to engage youth with programming and activities and increase access to services include:The Mayor's Youth Summer Jobs ProgramThis program seeks to provide 10,000 Boston youth with meaningful employment each summer by working with private sector partners.Summer Camp ReferralsBoston Police refer local youth to free or reduced price summer camps at partner organizations such as Boston Centers for Youth and Families, Boys & Girls Clubs, and YMCA.YouthConnectThis program empowers 50 participants to realize their potential through a 12-month curriculum focused on cultivating leadership combined with supportive community-based social services. During this time of change and transition, EPIC instills confidence and hope for the future in young teens, directly addressing a growing need in our city.Operation Exit Trades Pre-Apprenticeship ProgramA partnership with the Mayor's Office of Public Safety, this intensive training program prepares participants for entry into an apprenticeship in the building trades and other employment areas, such as culinary arts.Boston Public Health Commission's Trauma TeamsNeighborhood-based trauma response and recovery teams that offer immediate support to Boston residents and ongoing access to evidence-based trauma treatment. The Teams offer individual and family crisis response services, short-term case management, coping groups and ongoing trauma recovery services.Examples of initiatives and strategies to increase police presence and get guns off the streets include:City Wide Bike UnitA deployment of officers on bicycles strategically placed based off of a crime and intelligence analysis.Operation CrosswalkThe Boston Police Department is monitoring crosswalks to ensure safety for pedestrians in high traffic areas.School Police UnitsSchool Police officers will be monitoring Boston Public School summer school locations throughout the city.Monitoring of Open SpacesA police presence will be emphasized in locations near parks and other open spaces.Ensuring Proper Resources for Cultural FestivalsA focused set of resources will be utilized to ensure safe and successful cultural festivals as well as other major events and parades.YVSF (Gang Unit) and Drug UnitOperations of the gang and drug units will be focused on high risk impact players, active gangs, and hotspot areas.Focusing on Illegal Scooters and Off Road VehiclesThere will be a continued focus on banning illegal scooters and off-road vehicles from our streets. Monitoring House Parties and NightclubsBPD will continue to proactively monitor house parties and nightclubs due to the violence that is associated with them.In April, Mayor Walsh announced a series of investments included in the City's recommended Fiscal Year 2019 (FY19) operating budget and capital plan aimed at supporting public safety for a growing city, furthering the Boston Police Department's ongoing work in strengthening community relationships and prevention programs, securing a force reflective of the communities in which it serves, providing supports to reduce the effects of trauma and recidivism, and keeping residents safe and healthy in all neighborhoods across the city. To learn more about these investments,click here."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has selected Focus Strategies to help redesign Boston's emergency shelter system. Focus Strategies was chosen through a competitive RFP process that began in January the engagement will result in a modernized emergency shelter system, designed to help people experiencing homelessness successfully exit shelter as quickly as possible.""When we launched Boston's Way Home, I committed my administration to ending chronic and veteran homelessness,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""Not only have we ended chronic veteran homelessness, but we have also housed more than 500 chronically homeless individuals. This is tremendous progress, but there is still much more work to be done. I'm confident that the team at Focus Strategies will help us take the next step in re-creating our emergency shelter system."" Since the implementation ofBoston's Way Home, the Walsh administration's plan to end chronic and veteran homelessness, the City has housed more than 1,400 formerly homeless people, including 921 homeless veterans, and over 500 chronically homeless individuals. Together, this represents more than 3,300 years of homelessness ended. In addition, the City has been able to increase the number of housing opportunities-apartments and rental vouchers-for chronically homeless individuals by 215 units or vouchers.Boston has one of the most intensive emergency responses to homelessness in the country, offering a shelter bed to anyone in need, regardless of sobriety, criminal record, ties to the area, income, or any other barrier that other shelters often impose. As a result, more than half of all individuals entering Boston's shelter system report their last known address in a zip code outside of Boston.On the nightthis year's annual Homeless Censuswas conducted, 1,779 individuals were using Boston's Emergency Shelter system, compared to 1,762 in 2017. These numbers are part of a national trend withHUD reportingthat the number of homeless adults increased by approximately 1 percent from 2016 - 2017 nationally. Boston saw a decrease of more than 12 percent in the number of individuals sleeping on the street. In January 2018, there were 163 individuals sleeping on the street, as opposed to 186 in January 2017. Nationally, the number of unsheltered homeless has increased by9 percent.There were no families staying on the streets or unsheltered in Boston on the night of the census.Historically, Boston has among the lowest rates of unsheltered homeless people sleeping on the streets. In addition, this year has seen significant outreach by homeless providers to assist people from moving from the street to the emergency shelter system, where new programs such asRapid Rehousing,Moving On, Front Door Triage, and theCoordinated Access Systemcan help homeless individuals find the appropriate resolution for their unique situation. Pine Street Inn, one of Boston's partners in Boston's Way Home, has experienced early success with these new initiatives. With a spectrum of approaches, including reunification with family or friends, permanent supportive housing, housing vouchers or diversion to treatment programs - there are many real options for men and women. In a number of cases, individuals do not need to enter shelter in the first place. In other cases, with a small amount of assistance, they are able to move out of shelter and on with their lives very quickly.""Pine Street is pleased and grateful to be workingas a partner with Mayor Walsh and his team on initiatives that help homeless men and women move out of shelter as quickly as possible - or better yet, prevent them from entering in the first place,"" said Lyndia Downie, Pine Street's president. ""We applaud the Mayor for his deep commitment to ending veteran and chronic homelessness. We have more to do, of course, but these innovations are showing great promise,"" she added.More than 4,000 new individuals enter shelters each year who have never been in a Boston shelter before resulting in a strain put on critical shelter and housing resources. An 18-month Front Door Triage pilot at the City's four largest adult shelters revealed that of the new individuals who enter the system, many have viable alternatives other than entering shelter. Some of these shelter guests may need a different type of assistance, such as family mediation, inpatient treatment, or nursing home care to become stable in housing. In other cases, emergency shelter has become a destination for people being discharged from other types of care, such as hospitals, jails, and psychiatric facilities.Focus Strategies will work with the City of Boston to redesign its shelter system to meet these challenges. Beginning this spring, Focus Strategies will review and analyze Boston's shelter system in order to make specific recommendations based on shelter data and the feasibility of specific solutions. Once these recommendations are complete, Focus Strategies will assist the City with putting new plans in place, including creating new tools, policies, and training materials to assist partner agencies in implementing the recommendations. Shelter management, staff, and clients will be closely consulted throughout the process.""Focus Strategies is honored to have been chosen to assist the City of Boston and its partners to re-design emergency shelter to best meet the community's goals,"" said Kate Bristol, Focus Strategies' Director of Consulting. ""Our passion is helping communities to reduce and end homelessness all of Focus Strategies work is dedicated to helping communities use their local data to identify solutions that will yield the greatest possible impacts. We look forward to learning about the City's shelter system and crafting strategies that ensure housing is maintained whenever possible and that emergency shelter is able to quickly move people experiencing homelessness to housing.""The City of Boston has also expanded its scope of work aroundhomelessness to focus on ending homelessness among youth and young adults, recently announcing that a new team, led by Matt Aronson, is utilizing the input of the newly created Youth Action Board and key city stakeholders to support young individuals experiencing homelessness. The planning process for this initiative kicked off with a daylong workshop on April 26th when complete, the city's new plan will address gaps in Boston's emergency assistance system in order to end homelessness among youth and young adults.Ending chronic, veteran, and youth and young adult homelessness will also require new types of housing resources. In his second inaugural address, Mayor Walshannounced the establishment of theBoston's Way Home Fund, which will raise $10 million over the course of four years during his recent speech to the Boston Municipal Research Bureau, he announced new commitments fromLiberty Mutual, Partners and Suffolkfor an additional $3 million. These funds will be used to create 200 new units of supportive, sustainable, permanent housing for chronically homeless men and women. Based in Sacramento, California, Focus Strategies is a nationally recognized consulting firm dedicated to helping communities improve efforts to end homelessness by using local data to shape program and systems design. Focus Strategies has extensive experience assisting communities across the United States to redesign and retool their local homelessness crisis response systems, as well as to apply evidence-based, data-informed strategies to achieve the greatest reductions in homelessness possible and ensure that homelessness is rare, brief, and non-recurring."
Fifty years ago, Boston held an unusual design competition for a new City Hall. Out of 256 entries, the winning design  selected on this day in 1962  was submitted by an unknown architectural firm, Kallmann, McKinnell, and Knowles. The design intent was an expression of open and progressive city government. City Halls site was turned into a modern, 60-acre government center.Boston City Hall is now recognized as among the most important municipal buildings of its kind. Its also known as an excellent example of brutalism, or concrete modernism.With Preservation Month underway, we wanted to help celebrate. Our design staff worked with the Landmarks Commission to create some new swag for City Halls 50th birthday. We also reprinted last years award-winning designs for Preservation Month posters, bookmarks, and tote bags. You can check out our new pin below:Interested in picking up some cool bookmarks and pins, all while learning about City Halls history? Please join us at the Landmarks Commissions Preservation Month kickoff event this Friday, May 4, at 6 p.m.
Anxiety, depression, and other mental health issues continue to be highly reported in the workplace. Yet, despite this, many feel alone in their struggle, or unwilling to speak up. This month, we are focusing on providing self-care resources and community events promoting outreach and open discussions of mental illness.For the past year and a half, we at the Boston Employee Assistance Programhave been promotingRight Direction to further awareness of mental health and depression in the workplace, and to encourage and build support around addressing and managing it. This year, Right Direction is supporting workers with a list of resources for both employees and employers to download directly to your desktop. This includes a calendar that highlights one skill each day to utilize to combat depression and fatigue in the workplace.The National Association on Mental Illness is also promoting mental health awareness month with its own list of resources focused on removing the stigma of mental illness in the workplace and building strong support networks.The Massachusetts Department of Health and Human Services is shining a spotlight on state-sponsored community eventspromoting acceptance, recovery, and openness around mental illness and mental health.You can learn more about other mental health awareness events in Boston for the month of May.
"The winning design, which you can see above, was a collaboration by Gerhard Kallmann, Noel McKinnell and Edward Knowles.The Boston City Hall Competition Jury said that the winning design was ""dignified, appropriate, and exciting...a keystone between the historic past and the brilliant future which is to come."" You read the jury's full statement about their selection.Take a look at some of theother design submissions below. What do you think? Do you agree with the judges decisions, or would you have chosen one of these other designs?You can see more digitized records about the design process for Boston's City Hall in our Digital Repository. Take a look!"
The annual Walk for Hunger and 5K Run, as well as Wake Up the Earth Day and Polish Constitution Day activities, will be held in Boston on Saturday and Sunday, May 5 and 6, 2018. People coming into Boston to enjoy these festivities are urged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Blue Bikes, the regional bike share system, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around the City of Boston.Saturday, May 5Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Sunday, May 6Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday and Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 11AM to 8 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Lori D. Nelson as the City of Boston's newest Chief Resilience Officer (CRO), a position created in partnership with100 Resilient Cities - Pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation(100RC)in 2015 to lead city-wide resilience building efforts to help Boston implement long-term strategies for protecting the city from the effects of persistent racial and economic inequality. As Chief Resilience Officer, Nelson will report to Mayor Walshand will oversee the implementation of theCity's comprehensive Resilience Strategyand run theOffice of Resilience and Racial Equity.""I am honored to welcome Lori as our new Chief Resilience Officer,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Her experience as a life-long public servant makes her a perfect fit for this position. From her first job out of college working as the Executive Director of the Black Caucus at the State House on the CORI Reform Bill, to directing constituent services at the Boston Housing Authority, Lori's mission has always been to give back to her community by increasing access and opportunity to every Bostonian. This role and mission is critical to the success of our city, and I look forward to working with Lori to achieve our resiliency and equity goals.""Nelson will play a vital role in leading efforts to foster citywide dialogue and executing the City's resilience strategy,Resilient Boston: An Equitable and Connected City,to acknowledge and combat the root causes of these divisions, helping the city to unite and build the collective capacity for change.Nelson will continue to work with all City departments and agencies to ensure the application of an equity lens to initiatives, programs, and policies proposed and implemented by the City Of Boston. For example, the City recently announced efforts to practice a more equitable approach in allocating resources for neighborhood sidewalk reconstruction through Boston's Public Works Department as suggested inResilient Boston.Boston's resilience strategy is focused on ensuring every resident can reach their full potential regardless of their background, and removing the barriers of systemic racism that hinder Bostonians from having access to opportunities. The strategy was developed as part of the Boston'spartnershipwith 100RC.Boston was named part of the 100RC Network in December 2014,joining cities like Paris, France Cape Town, South Africa Mexico City, Mexico and Bangkok, Thailand.As a member of the 100RC Network,Boston has receivedtools, technical expertise, funding and other resources to build resilience to the challenges of the 21st century.""100 Resilient Cities has been a proud partner with the City of Boston as it developed - and now is implementing - theResilient Bostonstrategy,""saidOtis Rolley,Regional Director for North America at 100RC. ""We look forward to continuing our partnership with the City of Boston,Mayor Walsh, and new Chief Resilience Officer,Lori Nelson, to continue building a more resilient city for all of Boston's residents.""100RC supports the adoption and incorporation of a view of resilience that includes not just the shocks-earthquakes, fires, weather events, etc.-but also the stresses that weaken the fabric of a city on a day to day or cyclical basis, such as economic inequity and structural racism. Through the partnership with 100RC, Boston has worked toinfuse the principles of resilience into all aspects of local planning and the overarching issues facingthe city, including racial and socio-economic inequity, the lack of affordable housing, unemployment and underemployment, violence, trauma, climate change, flooding and terrorism. Utilizing this lens, Nelson will support all of Boston's major planning efforts, includingImagine Boston 2030andGo Boston 2030, working across City departments and with external stakeholders.In partnership with theHyams Foundation, the City also continues a series of race dialogues in Boston neighborhoods, as a continuation of efforts for all Bostonians to acknowledge systemic racism and work toward racial equity. In addition to these and other race dialogues, the City has hosted two public forums attended by over 1,200 residents, which served as an open citywide conversation with the Mayor about racism.Nelson was most recently the Director of Communications and Constituency Services for the City of Boston's Housing Authority. Alongside that role, she commits time to community work, serving on the Advisory Council for the Barbara Lee Foundation chairing the Political Action Committee for the Black Ministerial Alliance since 2013 where she was appointed to the executive leadership team in 2017. She alsoserved in leadership as the first Vice President of the NAACP Boston branch from January 2017 through April 2018and now continues her advocacy as a member within the branch.Before joining the City of Boston's Housing Authority, Nelson was the Deputy Chief of Staff for the MBTA. Prior to joining the MBTA, she worked for Governor Deval Patrick as the Deputy Director of Community Affairs and Special Projects, where she served as a liaison on community related affairs, particularly concerning youth, ethnic groups and coalitions across the Commonwealth, faith-based initiatives, and worked with Public Safety and Health and Human Services on youth violence reduction Nelson specializes in coalition and partnership building, as well as political strategy in urban areas. Nelson studied English Literature and African American Studies at Northeastern University.The CRO is an innovative feature of 100RC's resilience building program, specifically designed to break down existing barriers at the local level, account for pre-existing resilience plans, and create partnerships, alliances and financing mechanisms that will address the resilience vulnerabilities of all city residents, with a particular focus on low-income and vulnerable populations.100 Resilient Cities - Pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation(100RC) helps cities around the world become more resilient to social, economic, and physical challenges that are a growing part of the 21stcentury. 100RC provides this assistance through: funding for a Chief Resilience Officer in each of our cities who will lead the resilience efforts resources for drafting a resilience strategy access to private sector, public sector, academic, and NGO resilience tools and membership in a global network of peer cities to share best practices and challenges. For more information, visitwww.100ResilientCities.org."
It is a special month for City Hall, because in addition to the exhibits on display in the buildings three galleries, more than 400 works of art by students from 35 schools are adorning the walls of the building as part of National Youth Arts Month.Its great to see artwork representing Bostons diverse population everywhere you look in City Hall, said Mayor Walsh. In addition to brightening up the building, it embodies the creativity and talent of the people of Boston.In addition to the Boston Public Schools Youth Art Month exhibit, this months shows include:A sample of Patricia Thaxtons artwork on display in the Mayors Gallery.One of the goals outlined in the Boston Creates cultural plan is to recognize and support artists essential contribution to creating and maintaining a thriving, healthy, and innovative city, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. These exhibits on display at City Hall are a great way to celebrate artists of every age, experience level, and cultural background.Artists can apply to have their work shown in the City Hall galleries here. For more information on the City Hall galleries, visit here.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today filed a notice of intent for the rebuilding of Long Island bridge with the Boston Conservation Commission, taking another step forward in Boston's plans to create a long-term recovery campus on the island. This filing builds on the Walsh Administration's commitment to ensuring every person who needs access to recovery services has the resources they need.""Boston is a healthcare hub, with state-of-the-art hospitals and addiction treatment facilities that draw people in need from across the state to seek care and access a path to recovery,"" said Marty Martinez, Chief of Health and Human Services. ""We are proud to offer these inroads to care, regardless of a client's origins, and we look forward to building out Long Island to further support all of the most vulnerable who come to us seeking help and support.""The notice of intent filed today specifies the method by which the bridge will be rebuilt. Closed on an emergency basis in 2014 for public safety reasons, the superstructure of the bridge was removed in 2015 with the support of all relevant federal, state, and local permitting agencies. Since the emergency closing of the bridge, all 742 shelter beds and all 225 recovery beds from Long Island were replaced, with additional capacity for both the homeless and recovery communities.In his January 2018 inauguration, Mayor Walshpledged to rebuild the bridge, and create a comprehensive, long-term recovery campus on the island. While the island previously also served the homeless, homeless services will not be returning to the island. Readthis messagefrom Mayor Walsh on how the City of Boston is working to house the homeless through Boston's Way Home.Through Boston's recently releasedcapitalplan, Boston will invest $80 million in new funding to rebuild the bridge to Long Island, for a total of $92 million to go towards the project. In order to minimize impacts on the seafloor around the bridge, the bridge replacement superstructure component will be assembled offsite and then floated into place on barges. The new bridge will be similar to the original 1951 bridge, with one lane in each direction and sidewalks, as well as an open channel for boats below. The design and materials from the original bridge will be updated to ensure a longer-lasting structure that will be able to serve those in recovery for decades to come.""Boston is a national leader in recovery services. This bridge represents Boston's ongoing commitment to those who are struggling with substance use disorders,"" said Jen Tracey, Director of Boston's Office of Recovery Services. ""As the opioid epidemic continues nationally, we are approaching it from all angles in Boston, taking bold steps and working with partners in the community to create a continuum of care and resources for those in every stage of recovery. Having bridge access to Long Island will allow us space to create a long-term recovery campus that will fill the existing gaps we're identifying.""The rebuilding of Long Island bridge and Mayor Walsh's commitment to creating a recovery campus, which will serve individuals in and around Boston who need access to recovery services, highlights the Walsh Administration's work in tackling the national opioid crisis, and its effects on Boston and surrounding towns.Recovery service providers in Boston have emphasized the need to fill existing gaps in the continuum of care, or the array of services offered to those in each stage of recovery from addiction. Particularly for those who may have co-occurring disorders and are battling behavioral health issues alongside addiction, ensuring that the individual is supported fully throughout recovery is critical.""Mayor Walsh's essential budget priority to invest rebuilding Boston's Long Island bridge and siting a recovery campus for our city's most vulnerable seeking treatment could not happen quickly enough,"" said Founder and President/CEO of Victory Programs Inc, Jonathan D. Scott. ""Historically for the last 150 years Boston's Long Island has been specifically used for this kind of fundamental healthcare initiative, especially for our poorest and most disenfranchised. With a new bridge and a recovery campus, Mayor Walsh is ensuring new hope against the complex crisis of addiction, and suitable, necessary and best purpose for the city owned Harbor Island.""""Having Long Island available for quality services will help build a bridge of hope for the too many people in need of addiction treatment and recover,"" said Massachusetts Organization for Addiction Recovery Executive Director, Maryanne Frangules.In 2015, Mayor Walsh createdtheOffice of Recovery Servicesto study substance use in Boston and lead the city's strategy around substance use disorders and recovery. This is the first and only municipal recovery office in the nation. In 2016, Mayor Walsh launched the new 311 for Recovery Services 24/7 hotline support system to help people struggling with addiction to access all levels of recovery services.The Office of Recovery Services (ORS) has created innovative programs and taken steps to address substance use disorders. These include the Personal Advancement for Individuals in Recovery Initiative (PAIR), which offers a scholarship program for low-income individuals in early recovery to spend on college or training courses. In addition, the office has expanded the City's access to care program, PAATHS, with additional staff members and extended operating hours to ensure around the clock access to detoxification, residential programs, medication-assisted treatment, and support for caregivers. The City of Boston has also invested in outreach workers to bring recovery service interventions to the intersection of Massachusetts Avenue and Melnea Cass Boulevard. The outreach workers are equipped with naloxone (Narcan) and have the ability to connect people with the appropriate recovery services and supports.Together with the ORS, Boston has created a daytime engagement center for homeless individuals that hosts programming and access to medical, recovery, housing and job search services. The street outreach workers guide people to the center, which sees more than 300 visits a day. The engagement center, which began as a pilot, was permanently funded in Boston's fiscal year 2019 budget due to its success.In his first weeks in office, Mayor Walsh mandated the life-saving medication naloxone be carried in every public safety vehicle in the city. Police, firefighters, and EMTs are using this tool to save lives on a daily basis. In addition, the city provides ongoing overdose prevention and intervention training for family members, community members, private businesses, and city employees, training more than 10,000 people a year.Mayor Walsh serves as the Chair of the National Task Force on Substance Use, Prevention and Recovery Services for the U.S. Conference of Mayors, guiding mayors around the country in innovative approaches to the addiction crisis.The rebuilding of the Long Island bridge, and building a recovery campus, will further the Walsh Administration's commitment to creating resources and services for all those who are in need. The next steps in the rebuilding of Long Island bridge include filing a notice of intent with the Quincy Conservation Commission. Construction on the bridge replacement is expected to begin in 2019."
"A two-day bus lane operational test, successfully implemented at this location in December 2017, helped the City and the MBTA to strategize for the upcoming pilot program.The City of Boston is committed to testing designated bus lanes as part of the Go Boston 2030 transportation plan, said Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""I am looking forward to reviewing the successful completion of testing on the exclusive bus lane on Washington Street from Roslindale Village to Forest Hills Station. I am hopeful that the designated bus lane proves to be an initiative that makes a positive contribution to the community while simultaneously reducing the commute time for MBTA riders from Roslindale and the surrounding area.The inbound, curbside lane of Washington Street, between RoslindaleVillageand Forest Hills Station, will be prioritized for MBTA and school buses weekdays from 5 AM to 9 AM, with bicyclists allowed to use the lane as well. Parking will not be permitted on the inbound stretch of the roadway during the hours that the bus lane is in effect, but general motor vehicle traffic will be maintained via full use of one travel lane inbound. Current travel patterns and parking availability on Washington Street outbound will remain in place.We will be keeping a close eye on Washington Street over the next month to measure the effects of the designated bus lane on overall travel along the corridor, said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. We encourage Roslindale residents, local business representatives, bus riders, cyclists, motorists and pedestrians who regularly travel this route in the early morning hours to provide feedback on their experiences.Each day that the pilot program is in effect, traffic cones will be placed as necessary along the impacted stretch of Washington Street to delineate the bus lane from the general traffic lane and removed from the roadway at 9 AM. In addition, flyers will be distributed in the neighborhood and appropriate signage will be posted along the route. City of Boston and MBTA personnel will work to ensure safe and equitable travel along Washington Street for the duration of the pilot program.Please email comments to: BTD@boston.gov."
It has been a year since Mayor Martin J. Walsh launched the Neighborhood Career Fair Series! We are very proud of our team's effort to host these events. The City of Boston needs to recruit employees that reflect the diversity the City has to offer. We knew that if we wanted to tap into 100% of the talent in Boston, we had to go to where the job seekers were. So we left City Hall and visited six of Boston's neighborhoods to recruit applicants. Here is what we found:The results are encouraging, so we intend to visit more neighborhoods this year. We have been in Roxbury, East Boston, Jamaica Plain, the Financial District, Charlestown, and Mattapan. Look for us in Dorchester, Chinatown, South Boston, and other places this year! Unemployment is low in Boston, but it is not equally low in every neighborhood. By bringing employers to under served parts of the City, we are working to close the gap. And that helps all of us.
Boston girls ages 12-18 are invited to BCYFs Citywide Girls Leadership Summit on Saturday, May 12 at Simmons College, Linda K. Paresky Conference Center, 300 The Fenway.The theme of the summit is Tomorrows Leaders. Workshops will cover career options such as Health Services, Business Management, Social Media and Communication, Engineering and Technology, Human Services/Public Policy and Natural Resources and Agriculture. A powerful womens panel discussion, lunch by Chilacates, music with Female DJ WhySham, raffle prizes, resources and program information are also included.The Summit will run from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. and is free but pre-registration is recommended. To register visit Boston.gov/BCYF-Girls or contact Erika Butler erika.butler@boston.gov. For updated information follow @BCYFCenters.Partners and supporters of the BCYF Girls Summit include: Boston Police Athletic League, Lingzi Lu Foundation, Shannon Grant, Foundation for BCYF, Simmons Community Engagement, ABCD, DeGrace Consulting Group, Green City Growers, Harvard Pilgrim Health Care Foundation, Invest in Girls, Media Girls, New England Blacks in Philanthropy, Mayors Office of Women's Advancement, Science Club for Girls, Suffolk County District Attorney, and Women in Blue.
Five years earlier, in 1804, a small group of Bostonians began to meet for weekly lectures and prayer. This group, called the Religious Improvement Society, organized the charter of Park Street Church in February 1809. Three months later, on May 1, they laid the churchs cornerstone. Early in the churchs life, Bostonians referred to the church as brimstone corner, either because of the fire and brimstone preaching, or because gunpowder was stored in the churchs basement during the War of 1812. The church wasnt only known for fire and brimstone, however. Park Street also became a center of social and cultural movements. In 1815, the Handel and Hayden Society was founded at the church.In 1826, the American Temperance Society held its first meetings at the church. In the same year, Edward Beecher, brother of Harriet Beecher Stowe and an active abolitionist, became the churchs pastor. Three years later, on July 4, 1829, William Lloyd Garrison used the church to make his first public statement against slavery.Park Street Church's building and its distinctive steeple, based on the style of Sir Christopher Wren, became an iconic part of Boston's landscape. The church was untouched during the Fire of 1872. Its steeple is often visible in the background of historic photos of the city. In the 20th century, Park Street Church played key roles in the founding of the Boston branch of the NAACP, War Relief (now World Relief), Gordon-Conwell and Fuller Theological Seminaries, and the religious publication Christianity Today.The archival records of Park Street Church are available through the Congregational Library and Archives.
On Thursday, April 26, Mayor Walsh stood in the Shattuck Picnic Grove at Franklin Park to announce the City of Bostons $2.4 billion Imagine Boston Capital Plan (Fiscal Year 2019 - 2023), which makes critical investments in every Boston neighborhood, guided by Boston's citywide plan, Imagine Boston 2030. As part of this plan, the City will see new playgrounds installed, new fire houses built, school kitchens renovated, and more.At the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture, were excited for what the capital plan will allow us to achieve in the next five years. One of these achievements is the continuation of the Percent for Art program, which sets aside one percent of the Citys annual capital borrowing budget for the commissioning of public art. In fiscal year 2018, we saw $1.7 million go toward this effort, and starting in July, $1.8 million will be allocated for fiscal year 2019.We have several Percent for Art projects underway now, and more coming in the near future. Artist Matthew Hincman is working on a piece of public art as part of the newly renovated Jamaica Plain Branch of the Boston Public Library. Soon, we will be releasing an RFP for public art at the Dudley Branch (currently undergoing a $17.2 million renovation), and the artist selected to carry out a public art project at the Vine Street BCYF Center (a $5.3 million renovation) will be announced.As for the future, Boston will invest in creating new branch libraries, including a $12.6 million investment to build a new addition at the Faneuil Branch Library in Brighton a $18.3 million investment in the design and construction of a branch library at Adams Street Library a $18 million investment in the development of a new Upham's Corner Branch Library and a $12.1 million investment to support the construction of a new facility for the Fields Corner Branch Library. And that means more public art too!Along with the Uphams Corner Branch Library, the Strand Theatre is also benefiting from the capital plan, with $3.4 million going toward life safety renovations including an elevator, accessibility upgrades and fire prevention in fiscal year 2018. With the renovations approaching completion this month, the Strand has a full lineup of events happening in the fall, just in time for the theatres centennial!Another critical element of the capital plan is the investment in Boston Public Schools. One project were delighted to see come to fruition is a new facility for Boston Arts Academy, a project totaling nearly $125 million. This investment in the development of Bostons creative youth is unprecedented.These efforts to create and improve public spaces including schools, parks, libraries and community centers clearly enforce the Citys leadership and commitment to create fertile ground for a vibrant and sustainable arts and culture ecosystem and integrating arts and culture into all aspects of civic life, both of which are goals outlined in the Boston Creates cultural plan. We cant wait to see the impact these projects have on our City, and the creative opportunities that result.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and BTD Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca will kick off the season at Bostons National Bike to Work Day Festival on City Hall Plaza, beginning at 7 a.m.on Friday, May 18. Fun, on-bike opportunities will continue through mid-October.Im pleased to welcome everyone to City Hall Plaza for our annual Bike to Work Day Festival, said Mayor Walsh. An increasing number of Boston residents and members of our daily workforce are biking to work, for exercise and for recreation. We are making great strides in our efforts to improve and expand Bostons bike infrastructure so that people may safely and efficiently cycle on our local streets, riding their own bikes or one of the thousands of Blue Bikes that are docked at locations around the City and available to share.Mayor Walshs FY19 recommended budget is designed to transform the future of transportation in Boston, providing increased and improved opportunities for people traveling around the City using all modes, including bicycles. In FY19, with the anticipated completion of major new projects, there will be a total of 6.5 miles of strategically located bike lanes in Boston. New projects expected to be completed include Columbus Avenue in the South End, Commonwealth Avenue in Allston, and Seaport Boulevard. Additional projects to be constructed over the next four years will raise the total to 15 miles of protected bike lanes in the City. Planned bike related investments include:Bostons National Bike to Work Day Festival is the Citys annual celebration of bicycling and kicks off the warm-weather riding season. This year, Mayor Walsh will be joined by Andrew Dreyfus, the President and CEO of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Massachusetts, to celebrate the rebranding of the public bike share system as Blue Bikes. The new brand recognizes Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Massachusetts as the new title sponsor of the publicly-owned system, which is expanding this year.People on their way to the festival can join one of a dozen bike convoys at stops all across the Boston area, or ride over on their own. Once they arrive, theyll be greeted by bike-friendly exhibitors and free breakfast provided by Clif Bar, High Brew Coffee, Iggys Bread of the World and Whole Foods - Charles River Plaza. People who pre-register for the event may receive a 2018 Bike to Work Day shirt. Blue Bikes members can receive Blue Bikes sunglasses. Registration, a map of the convoys, and other event details can be found at boston.gov/bike-to-work-day.Following Bike to Work Day, BTD will offer plenty of opportunities to get more people pedaling safely throughout the City.With Go Boston 2030, we envision bicycling becoming an even more important transportation option, said Commissioner Fiandaca. Im looking forward to this seasons series of workshops and events to inspire more people to take a bike ride. Whether they want to explore our beautiful off-street paths or hop on a shared bike to get to work, biking is a fun, healthy, and economical option for lots of our residents.The Basic Skills clinics are for those who have never ridden a bike before, haven't been on a bike for years, or can ride a little but need to build basic skills like starting, stopping, turning and hand signaling. Intro to Street Skills clinics are for those who have the basics down, but want to build their confidence riding on the street. Participation in these clinics is limited to Boston residents who identify as female or gender-nonconforming. Pre-registration is required, the clinics are free of charge, and bikes and helmets are provided upon request.City of Boston residents who are interested in the regions public bike share system but havent yet tried it out can join one of four Boston by Bike(share) events this year. These events are a great way to try bike share for free and learn more about the different membership options available. Participants go on a bike ride as a group through the neighborhood with an experienced ride leader, traveling along comfortable on-and off-street routes. Helmets will be provided and participants should be a minimum of 16 years old.Schedule of events planned for 2018:DATEEVENTNEIGHBORHOODFriday, May 18Bostons National Bike to Work Day FestivalDowntownTuesday, June 19Womens Learn-to-RideMattapanFriday, June 22Connect Historic Boston RideDowntownWednesday, June 27Boston by Bike(share)East BostonWednesday, July 11Womens Learn-to-RideRoxburyWednesday, July 18Boston by Bike(share)South BostonWednesday, July 25Womens Learn-to-RideCharlestownWednesday, Aug. 8Womens Learn-to-RideAllstonWednesday, Aug. 22Boston by Bike(share)DorchesterSaturday, September 8Womens Learn-to-RideDorchesterSaturday, September 8Womens Street SkillsDorchesterWednesday, September 19Boston by Bike(share)Roxbury/South EndSaturday, September 29Womens Learn-to-RideRoxburySaturday, September 29Womens Street SkillsRoxburySaturday, October 13Womens Learn-to-RideEast BostonSaturday, October 13Womens Street SkillsEast BostonMore information about these programs may be found at boston.gov/women-bike and boston.gov/bikes.
"On Friday, Mayor Martin J. Walsh joined members of the City's Youth Action Board to launchRising to the Challenge: Ending Youth & Young Adult Homelessness in Boston, the City of Boston's community planning process centered around preventing and ending homelessness among unaccompanied youth and young adults. The Youth Action Board is the City's consumer advisory group of youth and young adults who have current or former experience with homelessness or housing instability.""Whether it's attendance and graduation rates, unemployment and the local economy, youth incarceration rates, or emergency room costs, the effects of youth and young adult homelessness are broad,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm proud that our city is taking the critical first steps in ending youth homelessness. Each of the Youth Action Board members -- and their peers -- have important stories to tell us, and will contribute so much to the creation of this plan. There is a role for all of us to play in ending youth and young adult homelessness in Boston, and I look forward to working with everyone who has came together to reach this goal.""Boston's Way Home,the Walsh Administration's plan to end chronic and veteran homelessness, highlighted unaccompanied youth and young adults as a priority population and identified the need for a comprehensive plan to prevent and end youth and young adult homelessness in Boston.Rising to the Challengegathered community partners to launch the 4-month process of developing the first draft of this comprehensive plan.In February 2018,the City selected Matthew Aronsonand his team of consultants to build on the City's work to end youth homelessness in Boston by researching and creating an action plan to support young individuals experiencing homelessness and put them on pathways towards stable housing. Aronson and his team facilitatedFriday'sevent, which was held at the Bolling Building in Roxbury with more than 150 people in attendance, including youth and young adults and community partners from City, State, and nonprofit agencies.AtRising to the Challenge, Mr. Aronson's team presented data they compiled in an attempt to estimate the size and scale of unaccompanied youth and young adult homelessness in Boston. In Boston, just like in most cities across the country, many youth and young adults experiencing homelessness are not sleeping in shelters or on the streets but are ""doubled up"" or couch surfing from one unstable situation to another. For this reason, it is challenging to estimate the full number of youth experiencing homelessness. An important part of this strategic plan will be to gather additional data about this group.Boston's annual Homeless Census shows that on a given night, 360 youth and young adults are either sleeping in Boston's shelters or on the street. The City's data also shows that the majority of these youth and young adults stay in shelter for a week or less.In addition to gathering additional data on youth and young adult homelessness, the City's plan will require a new understanding of the current system's capacity identifying the unmet needs of youth and young adults and designing a plan to address gaps in Boston's emergency assistance system that will end youth homelessness. The plan will be tied to concrete investments in housing and services necessary to end youth homelessness.The plan will outline how to find resources for youth and young adults to access better permanent connections, education and employment, and improve their health and well-being. Creation of the plan will involve disparate stakeholders from across Boston, including law enforcement and adult and juvenile justice healthcare providers educators the State's child welfare system landlords school programs and private foundations.Throughout the day, attendees broke into small groups to discuss the current state of youth and young adult homeless services and an ideal future system, as well as concrete steps to take for a successful planning process.Youth and young adults are central in the planning process. The Boston Youth Action Board participates in all planning committees and and meets monthly with representatives from theDepartment of Neighborhood Development.Prior to the launch of the community planning process, Aronson and his team focused on assisting the City in applying for the U.S. Office of Housing and Urban Development's Youth Homelessness Demonstration Program, a grant that would provide an estimated $2-$3 million to the City of Boston to develop and implement its plan to end youth homelessness.In January 2016, Mayor Walsh announced Boston had ended chronic veteran homelessness to date, nearly 850 homeless veterans have been housed. In 2016, the City scaled up its efforts to end chronic homelessness and since January of 2016, 425 chronically homeless individuals have been housed, representing more than 3,000 years of homelessness ended. "
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Andreas Hwangto demolish the two-family residential building, garage and pool located at 136 Orange Streetin Roslindale, MA 02131.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on May 6, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Timothy J. Russellto demolish the one-storyindustrialbuildinglocated at 20 W 5th Street in South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on May 6, 2018. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today presented his $2.4 billionImagine Boston Capital Plan(Fiscal Year 2019 - 2023), which makes critical investments in every Boston neighborhood, guided by Boston's citywide plan,Imagine Boston 2030. From a new playground at Harambee Park and to a new library in Upham's Corner, to kitchen upgrades at 25 Boston schools, to new fire engines and fire houses, the City's capital investments aim to enhance all aspects of Boston's neighborhoods and provide more opportunities for Boston's working families.As Boston approaches the one year mark since Imagine Boston 2030 was released, Mayor Walsh has aligned 84 percent of the investments in the Capital Plan with the City's planning efforts, including:Investing $1 billion over ten years to bring Boston's school buildings into the 21st centuryInvesting $967 million to implement core initiatives outlined in Go Boston 2030 to create streets that are safer, travel that is more reliable, and transportation choices that will interconnect our neighborhoods Carrying out Imagine Boston 2030 open space goals to invest in the City's public parks by leveraging Winthrop Square sale proceeds, City capital dollars and external fundsPreparing for climate change by developing more detailed climate plans for Boston's neighborhoods, as part of Climate Ready BostonImproving quality of life for residents by enabling affordable housing development through public infrastructure projects Demonstrating the City's leadership and commitment to sustainable funding for the arts through the Percent for Art program, which will support the commissioning of public art.""It's our priority to create growth and opportunity for every Bostonian in every neighborhood,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Investing in initiatives and projects that bring shared growth, success, and greater equity is critical for our city to reach its full potential. Our budget is focused on making long-term investments that continue to lift up Boston's middle class, as we ensure Boston is a city that works for all its families.""Under the Imagine Boston 2030 plan, the Walsh Administration is investing in the core goals of BuildBPS, Go Boston 2030, Boston Creates, and Climate Ready Boston.""I'm thrilled to see the critical investments in our parks, libraries, streets, and school buildings in this five-year capital plan,"" said City Councilor Kim Janey. ""With the Dearborn STEM Academy nearing completion, improvements to Franklin Park underway, renovations underway to the Dudley Library, design in progress for the South End Library and its adjacent park, and significant sidewalk updates in the Humboldt Ave area, District 7 sees significant progress under this budget and five-year capital plan and I look forward to continuing the budget hearing process.""Today's capital plan release complementsMayor Walsh's proposed FY19 operating budget, released in early April, which affirms a commitment to progress, opportunity and innovation by investing in Boston's neighborhoods, while building on the City's strong record of proactive fiscal management.Mayor's Walsh'sImagine Boston Capital Planmakes investments in departments and resources key to boosting Boston's middle class, including:The capital plan invests heavily in Boston Public Schools, reflecting the Walsh Administration's $1 billion commitment to upgrade Boston's classrooms through BuildBPS, its ten-year school facilities master plan. The largest investment in the Capital Plan, a new building for the Boston Arts Academy, allocates $124.8 million for design and construction in partnership with the Massachusetts School Building Authority. The new school building will support the BAA's dual arts and academic curriculum.In addition, the budget will invest in kitchen upgrades at 25 schools through Boston'sMy Way Cafe program, an initiative designed to increase access to healthy, freshly-prepared meals for all BPS students. Upgrades at school kitchens will enable the implementation of a fresh food program that will launch in fall 2018. New kitchens will allow schools to prepare healthy meals on site, building off the successful ""hub-and-spoke"" model piloted in East Boston last fall.The City's capital plan will also invest in school infrastructure, as well as equitable, accessible facilities. This includes $7.3 million for new windows at the Horace Mann/Jack Mann School $1.35 million for new windows at the Henderson Inclusion Lower School $1.3 million for electrical improvements at four schools $2.6 million for a new roof at Madison Park Vocational Technical High School $4 million to complete accessibility renovations at the Henderson Inclusion Upper School $840,000 at the Curley K-8 school for rebuilding the school's connecting bridge. $2.8 million will be invested to renovate locker rooms at Brighton High School and $822,000 will be invested at the Sumner School play yard.Since unveiling the City's Go Boston 2030 transportation plan, Mayor Walsh has continued to prioritize strengthening and creating transportation options that are safe, reliable and equitable. The capital plan invests in these large-scale infrastructure improvements, including an $18 million multi-year Massachusetts Avenue bridge project a $100 million investment to rehabilitate and renew the Northern Avenue Bridge and a $218 million investment to build a new North Washington Street bridge.Vision Zero, Boston's commitment to focus the City's resources on proven strategies to eliminate fatal and serious traffic crashes in the City by 2030, is also represented in Boston's capital plan. By increasing certain parking fines in FY19, the City will produce positive results by changing driver behavior and reducing congestion in high traffic areas. Updating parking fines will also allow the City to make $5 million in investments in transportation projects and continue implementing Go Boston 2030's core initiatives. The $5 million will go directly towards building 15 Neighborhood Slow Streets projects, 15 miles of protected bike lanes, and improve 15 of the most challenging intersections in the next four years improve management of traffic signals to increase safety and reduce congestion establish the City's Transit Team to better coordinate with the MBTA continue the multi-year campaign to bring all crosswalks, lane markings, and bike lanes into a state of good repair and improve access and safety for pedestrians and cyclists visiting our Main Streets business districts.From Melnea Cass Boulevard to Summer Street, the City is investing millions of dollars in safe, accessible roads and sidewalks. This includes a $4.5 million allocation for the reconstruction of Quincy Street roadway and sidewalks $3 million for the reconstruction of streets within Madison Park Village $8 million investment for the completion of infrastructure improvements for Boylston Street and Audubon Circle, including new bicycles and pedestrian paths and $7.4 million investment in the reconstruction of Summer Street, including improved roadways, sidewalks, street lights, and a cycle track from Fort Point Channel to Boston Wharf Road and planning for future improvements from the BCEC towards South Boston.In addition, the City of Boston is taking the initiative to improve economic mobility and strengthen Boston's core and emerging industries and small businesses. The FY19 Capital Plan has allocated roadway improvements from Shawmut Avenue to Harrison Avenue including six key Dudley Square intersections. The scope of work includes geometric changes, new traffic signal equipment and timing, bike lanes, and streetscape inprovements. We will also be investing in roadway improvements to Washington Street from East Berkeley Street to Herald Street, and Traveler Street between Washington Street and Harrison Avenue. Improvements include resurfacing, pavement markings, and new traffic signals.Transportation improvements means creating a healthier, more accessible Boston -- and that also includes the City's investment in rebuilding the Long Island bridge. Through this capital plan, Boston will invest $90 million in rebuilding the bridge to Long Island. On Long Island, Boston will create a long-term recovery campus which will serve those individuals in and around Boston who need access to recovery services.Parks and open space are some of Boston's most loved places, and the capital budget continues to invest in preserving and improving open spaces for Boston residents, and generations to come. With this capital plan, the Walsh Administration will invest in the largest-ever capital funding for Boston parks. These investments include $6.3 million to complete the construction on Phase 1 of the Smith Playground in Allston-Brighton a $4.4 million investment in Cassidy Field a $4.2 million investment in the South Bay Harbor Trail, which will serve as an important link in the City's Greenway $3.9 million to improve Noyes Park the completion of Martin's Park, a universally accessible park near the Children's Museum a $4.8 million investment to revitalize the pathways around Jamaica Pond a $5 million investment in the Garvey Playground and $6.2 million for the continued renovation of Harambee Park. In addition, more parks and playgrounds throughout the City will receive funds to improve their facilities, such as Ramsay Park in the South End and the Edwards Playground in Charlestown.In addition, this capital budget will invest in long-term planning for Boston's most iconic park -- the Boston Common. The capital plan sets aside $500,000 to develop a master plan to bring the nation's oldest public park to the level of excellence commensurate with its historical importance and use by the City's residents and visitors. The budget also invests $800,000 into Franklin Park, to develop a master plan that will enhance historic Franklin Park as a keystone park in the geographical heart of the City.The City's Capital Plan for BCYF targets an increase to programming capacity at the City's community centers and supports high-quality facilities. Community centers provide families, children and teens with enriching programs such as after school care, athletics, job and computer training. We are investing in renovations in our community centers to upgrade community centers as well as BCYF pools around the city to ensure a fun and safe environment for all of the community members that seek to utilize the facility. We will complete the nearly $3 million renovation at the BCYF Gallivan Community Center introducing air conditioning to the gymnasium, replacing the roof and gym floor, and upgrading the fire alarm and emergency lighting systems. We will be investing in a $15 million major renovation that will allow the center to receive the repairs and upgrades necessary to offer many additional resources at the BCYF Curley Community Center. An additional $1 million in funds to renovate and upgrade locker rooms and pools including filtration systems, pool liners, and dehumidification and HVAC systems at various BCYF/BPS pool facilities.Building on the success of the first phase of Climate Ready Boston in East Boston and Charlestown, the capital plan will allocate an additional $1.6 million to further resiliency initiatives to protect the city and provide more detailed reviews of additional neighborhoods. This includes an additional $600,000 for climate resilience planning for City neighborhoods and municipal facilities affected by climate change. It also includes $1 million to support the development of a study that will examine the feasibility of constructing a barrier in Boston Harbor in response to expected sea level rise due to climate change.The Renew Boston Trust was launched during the Walsh Administration and has systematically identified energy efficiency projects in the City's 315 buildings to both lower energy bills and reduce emissions. The City finances the program through general obligation bonds and utilities efficiency incentives, and it will be paid for from reduced energy consumption at City departments. A $12 million Phase 1 is set to begin construction this year, and the FY19-23 Capital Plan will nearly triple the size of the program to $42 million for a future Phase 2.This plan reflects an effort to continue the Administration's work to encourage housing production, increase affordable housing options, and reduce displacement. Municipal finance law does not allow the City to use city capital dollars to support private housing, but does allow public infrastructure projects to enhance housing development.Included in the plan is the Whittier Street roadways projects that will reconstruct roads and sidewalks in the Whittier Street housing development in conjunction with a $30 million HUD grant. This investment will revitalize the development and surrounding neighborhood. The Whittier Choice project will ultimately create a total of 387 mixed-income rental units.Also in the plan is the Madison Park village project, that will reconstruct streets within the Madison Park Village of Roxbury, bounded by Melnea Cass Boulevard and Tremont Street. The Madison Park project will be comprised of a four-story building with 16 units and a five-story building with 60 units located near the Ruggles MBTA Orange Line station.With this capitalplan, Boston will invest in creating new branch libraries, including a $12.6 million investment to build a new addition at the Faneuil Branch Library in Brighton a $18.3 million investment in the design and construction of a branch library at Adams Street Library a $18 million investment in the development of a new Upham's Corner Branch Library and a $12 million investment to support the construction of a new facility for the Fields Corner Branch Library.This budget also invests in renovating existing library, from a $17.2 million renovation of the Dudley Branch Library in Roxbury, to a $10.2 million investment in renovating the Roslindale Branch Library.FY19 also marks the second year of the City's Percent for the Arts program, a program that dedicates one percent, or $1.7 million, of the City's annual capital budget for commissioning permanent, public art in municipal spaces.The Walsh Administration's investments in the recommended budget and capital plan provide a comprehensive and multi-disciplinary approach to violence prevention and public safety that emphasizes opportunities and pathways away from violence. With a growing population and changing neighborhoods, Boston needs reliable public safety facilities that help meet the needs of Boston's residents. The City will complete the design for a new $29.9 million East Boston Police Station this year. Another investment of $48.2 million will ensure that new fire stations at Engine 42 in Egleston Square and Engine 17 on Meetinghouse Hill are designed and equipped to both protect firefighter health and safety and meet the public safety needs of our growing city.The City and Boston Public Schools will also increase its investment in school security to a total of $5 million, representing a $2 million increase from the previous year. The project includes upgrades to external and internal doors, locks and key cards, intercom, motion detectors and cameras. Additionally, $2 million will be allocated for the Boston Housing Authority (BHA) to begin planning for the installation of additional security cameras at BHA locations.Mayor Walsh's FY19 continues to invest in preserving and creating a strong middle class, and creating opportunities for all those who live in Boston. The FY19 budget supports Boston's long-term plan,Imagine Boston 2030.Imagine Boston 2030is Boston's first citywide plan in 50 years aimed at guiding growth to support Boston's dynamic economy and expand opportunity for all residents. The plan prioritizes inclusionary growth and puts forth a comprehensive vision to boost quality of life, equity and resilience in every neighborhood across the City. Shaped by the input of 15,000 residents who contributed their thoughts to the plan,Imagine Boston 2030identifies five action areas to guide Boston's growth, enhancement and preservation, and is paired with a set of metrics that will evaluate progress and successes. To learn more visit,imagine.boston.gov.For more information on the FY19 budget proposal, please visitbudget.boston.gov."
Bernice A. King, minister, attorney, and daughter of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., acclaimed Chicano poet Luis J. Rodriguez, and actor George Takei highlight this months programming, in addition to author talks and lectures around the BPL system. All programs and events can be viewed on the Library's online calendar.Boston Public Library provides educational, cultural and civic enrichment, free to all, for the residents of Boston, Massachusetts and beyond, through its collections, services, programs, and spaces. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library is a pioneer of public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. As a City of Boston historic cultural institution, Boston Public Library today features a Central Library, twenty-five branches, a map center, business library, archival center extensive special collections of rare books, manuscripts, photographs, and prints and rich digital content and online services. The award-winning renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, completed in 2016, together with new, renovated and historic branches, provide a transformed library system for the next generation of users. Boston Public Library enriches lives, hosting thousands of free educational programs and exhibitions, and provides free library services online and in-person to millions of people each year. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today awarded $100,000 in grants to 10 community-based organizations through the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement (MOIA) Mini-Grant Program to further support immigrant integration and empowerment efforts in the City of Boston.""Boston is a city that welcomes all residents, and works to lift up every family and individual in our city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Lifting up everyone includes our immigrant communities -- I'm proud these grants will help improve lives here in the City of Boston, and give all residents an opportunity to succeed.""The selected ten immigrant-led and immigrant-serving non-profit organizations will focus on delivering a combination of services that include welcoming and supporting evacuees from the recent natural disasters organizing and hosting immigration legal screening clinics and hosting and facilitating family preparedness education workshops for Boston's immigrant community.""The City of Boston is a world-class city because of the array of cultures, languages, and beliefs that make up every neighborhood in Boston,"" said Chief of the Mayor's Office of Health and Human Services, Marty Martinez. ""It is essential that the City assist in increasing capacity in services that provide our immigrant community every opportunity to thrive.""""We know that so many organizations in Boston work diligently every day to help our immigrant have the tools they need to succeed,"" said Alejandra St. Guillen, Director of the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement. ""These grants will increase the capacity of some of these organizations, which are addressing issues that have recently emerged or have demonstrated growing need.""The following organizations were selected to receive awards:African Community Economic Development (ACEDONE):Funding will be used to conduct educational workshops in schools and with youth groups that address the causes of Islamophobia, xenophobia, and to provide know-your-rights training to immigrant youth.Agencia ALPHA:Funding will be used to support legal screening clinics and family preparedness workshops.Asian American Resource Workshop (AARW):Funding will be used for educational workshops to support family preparedness for individuals at risk of deportation.Boston Higher Education Resource Center (HERC):Funding will be used to support access to college programming for immigrant youth, support a part-time case manager, and add capacity for family preparedness.Brazilian Women's Group:Funding will support immigration legal screening clinics, family preparedness workshops, and mental health counseling.East Boston Ecumenical Community Council (EBECC):Funding will support legal screening clinics and ""Know-Your-Rights"" clinics to prepare individuals for interactions with immigration officials.Immigrant Family Services Institute (IFSI-USA):Funding will support additional capacity to host immigration clinics and education workshops for individuals with Temporary Protected Status.Inquilinos Boricuas en Accion (IBA):Funding will add capacity to further coordinate efforts among the partners of Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands (PRVI) Welcoming Project to support arrivals from recent natural disasters, such as Hurricanes Irma and Maria.Irish International Immigrant Center (IIIC):Funding will support legal screening clinics, pro bono immigration clinics, and application assistance.Roslindale IS for Everyone (RISE):Funding will support legal screening clinics to support undocumented immigrants and those at risk of losing immigration status, such as those with Temporary Protected Status or Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA). RISE will also conduct educational workshops to support family preparedness for these aforementioned groups.""Our MOIA Mini-Grant is vital to the services we are providing to those affected by recent natural disasters,"" said Vanessa Caldern-Rosado Chief Executive Officer, Inquilinos Boricuas en Accin. ""Our award will allow IBA to effectively serve new and current families over the long-term by enhancing case management services to all the Puerto Rican and Caribbean newcomer families that have been displaced by Hurricane Maria and Irma.""""The past few months have been very difficult for all immigrants living in this country, and particularly for those affected by the elimination of their Temporary Protected Status (TPS),"" said Geralde Gabeau, Executive Director at IFSI. ""With this hostile environment, demands for services have risen exponentially. Most of us community leaders have been called to respond to this crisis with no resources. This mini-grant is a great way to start putting in place the infrastructure needed to support our immigrant community. Many thanks to the Mayor's Office for its support.""Since the first iteration of the MOIA Mini-Grant Program in 2015, over 2,000 constituents have benefited from programs such as ESOL classes, DACA/DAPA legal screening clinics, citizenship application assistance, an immigrant youth mentoring program, and civic engagement classes. Funding for the MOIA Mini-Grants program is made possible by the generous contributions of our We Are Boston Gala supporters.The mission of theMayor's Office of Immigrant Advancementis to strengthen the ability of immigrants and Boston's diverse cultural and linguistic communities to fully participate in the economic, civic, social, and cultural life of our great City. The office also works to promote the recognition and public understanding of the contributions of immigrants to Boston."
During the weekend of the Boston Marathon/One Boston Day, my office joined with the Office of New Urban Mechanics and Aira to link individuals who are blind or have low vision with an app that provides real-time access to a sighted guide.The Aira app allows blind and visually impaired people to use their smartphone camera to connect to a remote agent who can describe their environment. This initiative added another layer of accessibility to the Boston Marathon andaffirms Mayor Walshs ongoing commitment to ensure that the City of Boston is accessible and inclusive of people with disabilities. This was also a great way to celebrate One Boston Day, welcoming people of all abilities to experience everything the city has to offer.
Boston artist Charles Coes photography and stories display highlights Mission Hill residents and workers in What You Dont Know about Me, which begins today and runs through September 30, 2018 in Gallery J on the first floor of the Johnson building at the Central Library in Copley Square. This show is the first to occupy Gallery J, which was primarily created to feature the collections of the BPL and related programming in conjunction with the Central Library Renovation, completed in 2016.Boston Public Library welcomes visitors to meet the friendly faces and voices of one of Bostons storied neighborhoods in the librarys newest gallery space, in what we hope will be the first of many displays sharing experiences and artifacts that embody our collective cultural heritage, said Meghan Weeks, Boston Public Librarys Curator of Interpretation.What You Dont Know about Me is the second phase of a project created by Charles Coe as a 2017 City of Boston Artist-In-Residence. Coe was chosen, along with nine other artists who work in a variety of media, to establish community-based, collaborative art projects in cooperation with Boston Centers for Children & Families (BCYF). Based at the Tobin Community Center, Coe traversed the Mission Hill neighborhood collecting bits of personal history from people who live or work in the neighborhood and matched each anecdote with a photograph of the teller. The stories offer combinations of image and story that create moments of surprise and encourage us all, in an increasingly divided society, to move beyond stereotypes and preconceptions and engage our neighbors with open minds.Boston Public Library provides educational, cultural and civic enrichment, free to all, for the residents of Boston, Massachusetts and beyond, through its collections, services, programs, and spaces. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library is a pioneer of public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. As a City of Boston historic cultural institution, Boston Public Library today features a Central Library, twenty-five branches, a map center, business library, archival center extensive special collections of rare books, manuscripts, photographs, and prints and rich digital content and online services. The award-winning renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, completed in 2016, together with new, renovated and historic branches, provide a transformed library system for the next generation of users. Boston Public Library enriches lives, hosting thousands of free educational programs and exhibitions, and provides free library services online and in-person to millions of people each year. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
