"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today resubmitted his proposed Fiscal Year 2018 (FY18) budget, which through strong fiscal management and strategic savings initiatives allows for further investment in quality City services in neighborhoods across Boston, and builds on the success of existing City programs. The $3.15 billion budget proposal represents an increase of $148.5 million, or 5 percent, over the FY17 budget, and follows 27 City Council hearings that identified opportunities for further targeted investments, while still balancing sustainability and fiscal responsibility.""I am proud that through the City's sustainable fiscal strategy, we are able to make strategic investments in initiatives that have proven to be successful in making Boston a thriving, healthy and innovative City,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This proposed budget makes record investments in education, and represents a smart and responsible approach that will contribute to our City's long-term prosperity.""As part of the budget resubmission, Mayor Walsh is proposing to further invest in key initiatives, including:These additional investments are made possible with health care cost containment savings and reduced debt service costs achieved as a result of the City's triple A bond rating and low cost of borrowing. The above additions of the budget resubmission complement investments in theMayor's FY18 budget proposalaimed at creating a thriving, healthy and innovative city. A few of those highlights include:For more information about the budget, visit Boston's budget website:budget.boston.gov."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Boston Foundation President, Paul Grogan, to announce a nearly $11 million investment in training Boston residents to meet the talent needs of the region's growth industries at TechHire Boston. The collaborative effort, supported by the City of Boston's Neighborhood Jobs Trust, The Boston Foundation and various private funders, will support job training, internships and bridge-to-college-and-career programs to strengthen and diversify the talent pipeline in Boston. The investments are projected to serve more than 3,000 residents from underrepresented neighborhoods.""In order to prepare our young people for the jobs of the future, we must invest in the training programs that recognize the needs of Boston's growing industries,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank the Boston Foundation and all of our public and private partners for stepping up to meet our shared goal to support our next generation while creating a talent pipeline for our small and large businesses.""""The Mayor's announcement is important not just for the money it provides, but for the message it sends -- that workforce development is a key opportunity for our City,"" said Paul Grogan. ""We hope the City's investment will inspire other funders as it inspired us to commit to a long-term strategy that creates brighter futures for Boston's diverse workforce.""The Greater Boston tech industry poses significant benefit to the region, yet faces a serious talent shortfall, according to a recentSkillWorks report, ""Information & Communication Technology: Shared Prosperity in the Digital Age."" The report found that the Greater Boston tech sector:However, the study also found that nearly three-quarters of surveyed firms reported difficulty finding qualified IT workers in the last 12 months. These firms noted that many applicants failed to meet their standards for work experience and occupation-specific training. The new pipeline investment announced by Mayor Walsh and The Boston Foundation targets these needs in collaboration with community partners. With the City of Boston leading the way with a one million dollar investment in the tech talent pipeline, the Boston Foundation followed suit, investing $10 million over five years for training and support in several growth industries from tech to manufacturing to hospitality. Examples of funded projects include:TechHire Boston, an employer-led industry consortium convened by SkillWorks and the Boston Private Industry Council (PIC) in partnership with the City of Boston, was created in September 2016 to identify solutions to closing the IT skills gap.Monday'sevent will be TechHire's third forum for sharing research findings and best practices in meeting industry labor demands.The Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD) is an innovative agency within the Boston Planning & Development Agency that seeks to ensure the full participation of all Boston residents in the city's economic vitality and future. The OWD funds and oversees programs that promote workforce development through education, jobs training, apprenticeships, financial coaching, career pathways, literacy initiatives, and the like. Please visitOWD.Boston.Govto learn more about the OWD's work."
The order read:The people of Texas are informed that, in accordance with a proclamation from the Executive of the United States, all slaves are free. This involves an absolute equality of personal rights and rights of property between former masters and slaves, and the connection heretofore existing between them becomes that between employer and hired labor. In 1862, at the height of the Civil War, President Abraham Lincoln issued the Emancipation Proclamation. The proclamation abolished slavery in theConfederate States of America. It did not emancipate enslaved people in the four border states of Kentucky, Maryland, Missouri, and Delaware, or in Texas. In 1865, after the end of the Civil War, Congress passed a law abolishing slavery throughout the United States. General Granger's reading of General Order No. 3 on June 19, 1865, references this law andsignaled the total emancipation of all enslaved people in the United States. Later that year, the Thirteenth Amendment to the Constitution was ratified, cementing the abolition of slavery in the United States.Throughout 1865 and 1866, celebrations of emancipation broke out across the country. In Boston, the Board of Aldermen ordered that bells be rung on January 1, 1866 in token of the rejoicing at the consummation of the Emancipation Proclamation and the Constitutional Amendment abolishing slavery in the United States.June Nineteenth, often referred to as Juneteenth, is widely celebrated as Emancipation Day in the United States.
On July 4, America marks its independence with brilliant fireworks displays, parades, and endless red, white, and blue-themed celebrations of patriotism. For many Black Americans, however, these celebrations fall short of reflecting their lived experiences and those of their ancestors. They instead look to another date, June 19, as a more fitting time to celebrate freedom, with a holiday known as Juneteenth.Juneteenth marks the day in 1865 that Union soldiers, led by General Gordon Granger, reached Galveston, Texas. they announced to the state that the Civil War was over and that all enslaved persons had been declared free. Although the Emancipation Proclamation had become official over two years prior, the institution of slavery remained untouched in areas beyond Union control. In taking control over the state, the Union effectively liberated the remaining slaves in Texas. They also ended this specific form of slavery in America.Juneteenth has become not only a time to commemorate Black liberation from the institution of slavery, but also a time to highlight the resilience, solidarity, and culture of the Black community. It is a time for Black Americans to reflect on their ancestral roots. They're also able to jointogether to celebrate the freedoms and lives that generations have fought to secure.The holiday originated in the immediate aftermath of General Grangers announcement to the people of Texas, when formerly enslaved persons joined in rejoicing over their newfound liberation. Newly-freed Black Americans in Texas continued to mark June 19 as their day of freedom with celebrations and parties in the following years. This happened in an open defiance of the threats that they faced in the Reconstruction era,Juneteenth spread throughout the United States, sometimes family by family to new cities and frontiers. At other times, it spreadfar more rapidly, such as during the Great Migration. Local celebrations continued in the tradition of the original, often marked by food, dancing, and, increasingly, Black pride. Freedom remained a central theme of celebration. But, the narrative of community growth, progress, and resilience began to emerge as well. During the most difficult times, especially throughout the Jim Crow era, communities would use Juneteenth as an opportunity to find strength and peace in one another. Some celebrations even doubled as fundraisers for buying land to host subsequent celebrations. This was the case with the land that would become Emancipation Park in Houston, Texas.Following a revival of Juneteenth during the civil rights movement, in 1979, Texas became the first state to recognize Juneteenth as an official state holiday. Since then, 44 other states and the District of Columbia have followed suit. In 2007, Massachusetts became the 25th state to recognize the holiday. The recognition of Juneteenth in Massachusetts held special significance. The proclamation was signed by Governor Deval Patrick, the first Black governor of the Commonwealth and the only sitting Black governor at the time in the United States.Movements to make Juneteenth a national holiday have a long, robust history as well. Today the push is led by Reverend Ronald Myers, the chairman of the National Juneteenth Observance Foundation. In his own words, Myers states, Every year we must remind successive generations that this event triggered a series of events that one by one defines the challenges and responsibilities of successive generations. Thats why we need this holiday.Today, Juneteenth is marked as much by tradition as it is by the ways that is has adapted over time. For all of the sports and games and dress that have become a part of some of the celebrations today, the core remains unchanged:Community-wide barbecues and block parties have become Juneteenth custom. One of the first large-scale Juneteeth celebrations in Boston started in the 1990s when a group of Roxbury residents met following the funeral of a mutual friend. They decided to start an annual event that has since become known as the Roxbury Pride Day Juneteenth Celebration, one of several large-scale celebrations in the City.Juneteenth remains remarkably relevant in modern America. It serves as a celebration of the progress attained by generations of fighting for freedoms and rights it also serves as a reminder of the work yet to come that will be necessary in order to ensure a brighter, more equitable world for all children and future generations. OnJune 19, 2017, let this be a time of reflection on how far we have come, while using it as an opportunity to reignite our passion for fighting for liberty and justice for all.Monday, June 19, 2017 at 4 p.m.On the grounds of the Museum of the National Center of African-American Artists300 Walnut Avenue, Roxbury, MA 02119Free to Public (More information on the Juneteenth Observance)Saturday, June 17, 2017 at 4 - 6 p.m.Saint Peter's Episcopal Church, 838 Massachusetts Avenue, Cambridge, MA 02139Free to PublicWednesday, June 21, 2017 at 5 - 10 p.m.Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, Avenue of the Arts, 465 Huntington Avenue, Boston, Massachusetts 02115Free to PublicJuneteenth 2017 with Boston's Phirst Pham
Saturday, June 17, 2017, 11 a.m. - 7 p.m.Franklin Park, Shattuck SideFree to PublicSaturday, June 17, 2017 at 10 a.m. - 4 p.m.Franklin Park, Franklin Park Road/Jewish War Vets Drive, Shattuck Picnic Grove, Boston, MAFree to PublicWritten by Andrew Drinkwater, a summer intern in the Resilience andRacial Equity Office.http://www.freemaninstitute.com/douglass.htmhttp://www.nationaljuneteenth.com/https://www.theatlantic.com/entertainment/archive/2016/10/ava-duvernay-13th-netflix/503075/https://www.jacobinmag.com/2016/06/juneteenth-emancipation-civil-war-sla...http://archive.boston.com/news/local/articles/2007/06/17/juneteenth_has_its_day/http://www.history.com/news/ask-history/what-is-juneteenthhttps://www.timeanddate.com/holidays/us/juneteenth
Today, the Boston Public Library is joining hundreds of buildings around the world for Daylight Hour. The goal of this campaign is to rethink life in office buildings by using natural daylight.Why June 16? Its one of the longest and brightest working days in the United States because of the summer solstice. Instead of lights powered by electricity, sunlight can be used in buildings and offices.This small, but simple action has a pretty big impact. Last year, more than 80 million square feet of buildings were involved in Daylight Hour. This resulted in an estimated energy savings large enough to power more than 7,000 homes for a day.Boston Public Librarys Central Library will turn off its lights in all work spaces lit up by daylight. The Boston Public Library has asked all branches to take part, if they can.The effort is another example of the librarys shining example of energy efficiency. The library follows best practices in facilities operations and maintenance. The Central Library has made many updates to improve its energy efficiency. It was even recently featured in an episode of the Department of Energys SWAP for its energy-saving work. These changes have been made under the direction of the Superintendent of Library Buildings, Jim Meade.We have a fundamental responsibility to the taxpayers who fund the Boston Public Library, commented Jim of the Library. My team and I work to ensure we are doing all we can to be as efficient as possible. We want to reduce our carbon footprint with hard-earned taxpayer dollars. Participating in Daylight Hour only helps towards that goal.You can still join in Daylight Hour today. Turn off lights in day-lit spaces for at least one hour to take advantage of the years brightest natural sunlight.Buildings in Boston account for more than 50 percent of our climate change pollution. Trying these no-cost strategies, like turning of electric lights, guides our decisions on bigger system changes. It also helps Boston meet its goal of becoming carbon neutral by 2050.Daylight Hour is an annual campaign organized by the Building Energy Exchange. The campaign asks offices to turn off their lights in day-lit spaces for one hour on the Friday before the summer solstice.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced applications for the 2017-2018 SPARK Boston Council are nowavailable. The SPARK Boston Council is a group of volunteers charged with leading the City's efforts to engage Boston's young adult population.""We're proud to have the highest percent of young adults out of any major city in the country,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The SPARK Boston Council gives us an opportunity to challenge young adults to think big and become neighborhood leaders. This population is diverse, well-educated and full of ideas that will help us grow the city in a sustainable and positive way."" Under the direction of the SPARK Boston Director, the 2017-2018 Council will spend the year using its talent and innovation to identify ways in which Boston can grow as an inviting, connected, culturally rich and sustainable place for young adults. Projects may include programming and projects on housing policy, economic development, equal pay, public art and neighborhood engagement. Throughout the SPARK Boston Council Term, members also hear from key members of the Mayor's staff as well as leaders within City Hall. ""The SPARK Boston Council has always been defined by civically engaged, energetic Boston residents who are passionate about their future and our city,"" said Amy Mahler, Director of SPARK Boston. ""Council members serve a multitude of roles: ambassadors of City programs and ideas to their peers, focus group for City staff, conveners of policy conversations and neighborhood celebrations, and so on.""The 2016-2017 Council featured social workers, small business owners, undergraduate students, union organizers, aspiring faith leaders and more. Approximately half of the group are native Bostonians, while others grew up as far outside of Boston as Georgia, Texas and Jamaica. They currently live in 19 different neighborhoods across Boston.Last year, the SPARK Boston program received more than 300 applications for the Council, showing a robust interest for involvement and engagement. Projects for this Council cohort have included pop-up polling locations to promote the first early voting period in Massachusetts history, the launch of the Chief Chat policy talk series, and the Millennial Homeownership & Networking Social, a collaboration with the Boston Home Center to bring educational materials, lenders, and realtors to millennials.""To me, SPARK Boston represents a team of millennials seeking to learn about and influence our communities,"" said Tariana Little of the 2016-2017 SPARK Boston Council. ""We are young leaders hailing from Boston and across the country, representing diverse backgrounds, sectors, and ideas for social change.""""I am still amazed by how warmly schools, local businesses, my neighborhood, and City Hall welcomed me when I moved to here,"" said Oliver Madden of the 2016-2017 SPARK Boston Council. ""Boston helped me grow into who I am today, and SPARK has taught me that leadership is not an organizational position that you hold it is taking action to benefit your community.""Applicants must be Boston residents, are between the ages of 20 to 34 to apply for the Council. Applications for the Council can befound hereand submission deadline isJuly 16th, 2017. For more information on the SPARK Boston Program, please visithttp://www.sparkbos.com/. About SPARK BostonBoston is home to a large and diverse millennial population. SPARK Boston (formerly ONEin3) is a City of Boston initiative that aims to empower the millennial generation to play a greater role in planning for the future of our city. Learn more atwww.sparkbos.com."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Steven Connelly with Connelly Construction and Management to demolish the a two-story masonry commercial structure located at 1857-1859 Dorchester Avenue in Dorchester. The full address is1857-1859 Dorchester Avenue, Dorchester, MA 02124.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 24, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the re-opening celebration of the BCYF Paris Street Community Center and dedication of the Anthony Albano Basketball Court will be held on Saturday, July 15, at 12 p.m. This $12 million dollar, two-year renovation is the highlight of the Mayors $55 million dollar Capital Plan investment in BCYF projects since 2016. All are welcome to attend this event.For over 100 years this center has been the heart of the community and now its ready to serve East Boston residents for another 100 years, said Mayor Walsh. This renovation is a great example of how were enhancing our community spaces to meet the changing needs and populations of our residents. I am excited to see everything that the center is now able to offer. The gut renovation of the center includes interior upgrades of all mechanical systems and boilers, window replacements, exterior and interior door replacements, athletic facility improvements, teledata upgrades and new furniture and equipment. Among the new features are a new teen center, a dance studio, a community room, new exercise spaces, a rock climbing wall, and an entire new floor of programming space. Technology improvements include a computer lab with 26 computers, Wi-Fi throughout the building, and large screen TVs. During the reopening celebration, the gym will be dedicated to Anthony Tony Albano, who impacted thousands of youth during his more than 40 years of service to East Boston High School.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayors Summer Jobs Program.
The Sail Boston Parade of Sail taking place on Saturday, June 17, 2017, will impact traffic and parking on local streets in the City of Boston. Those attending the event are strongly encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles.Information on transportation options to and from established viewing areas is available at the official Sail Boston website.Please note that the City of Bostons Police and Transportation Departments may implement modifications to the followingplan in the days leading up to the event.
Long a much sought-after wedding venue, this initiative offered everyone regardless of economic capacity a chance to have Boston Public Library be a part of their lives on this special occasion, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library. I extend my thanks to our sponsors whose efforts greatly enhanced these ceremonies and provided lasting memories for the newlyweds.Words cannot express the joy we experienced at our wedding ceremony this has been a dream come true and we will never forget the kindness that you have shown and how special you have made us feel. Thank you for our fairytale dream wedding! said newlyweds Aldrich and Wilmar C.Each of the selected couples experienced a morning wedding ceremony while the building was closed to the public. Included in the package: pre-ceremony light breakfast and beverages compliments of The Catered Affair, bouquets and boutonnieres provided by Artistic Blossoms, ceremony music performed by Anima of Music Management, ceremony and mini-session photography provided by Angelina Rose Photography, commemorative takeaway gifts compliments of the Boston Public Library and The Catered Affair, ceremonies officiated by Thomas A. Welch, and an overnight stay at the Westin Copley Place.Boston Public Library hosts private events year-round featuring ornately-designed spaces with a variety of capacities that are ideal settings for holiday parties, corporate conferences, weddings, and more. Visit www.bpl.org/central/eventspaces.htm or email events@bpl.org for more information.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
"BOSTON-Wednesday, June 14, 2017- Mayor Martin J. Walsh joined Boston Public Schools (BPS) and community leaders today to launch the ""5th Quarter of Learning,"" building on Boston's groundbreaking public-private summer learning initiative in an effort to ensure more students than ever before gain access to the area's rich tapestry of natural, cultural, and higher education resources.The enhanced initiative, unveiled today by Mayor Walsh and BPS Superintendent Tommy Chang, will engage 2,200 high-need students in an innovative approach that blends rigorous academic learning with hands-on enrichment. Students, for example, can engage in sailing, archery, salsa dancing, and tennis while building critical thinking, perseverance, and teamwork skills. An additional 10,000 Boston students will enroll in a network of 110 summer learning programs, all focused on the same measures of program performance and skill development. ""A student's education shouldn't stop at the end of the school year when the '4th quarter' of learning closes,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""To make sure our students don't fall behind, they must learn year-round. This summer, Boston is looking to become a national leader with an innovative '5th Quarter' approach that inspires real-world learning. This is a groundbreaking effort, backed in solid research and with many of Boston's greatest partners on board, to help ensure its success for Boston students and families.""Based on recent national research from RAND showing the significant academic benefits of this approach, BPS is re-envisioning traditional summer school by allocating $2 million, which includes funds from Boston After School & Beyond, to support 31 school and community sites selected through a competitive process.The city will serve as a classroom for students as they engage in academic content with BPS teachers in enriching settings such as Zoo New England, Hale Reservation, Courageous Sailing, the New England Aquarium, Simmons College, and Thompson Island.""Blending enrichment such as arts, sailing, outdoor science and oceanic expeditions through our 5th Quarter initiative brings learning alive for students year-round,"" said Superintendent Chang. ""We know that when rigorous learning is engaging, it goes a long way toward closing opportunity and achievement gaps. This summer programming opens doors for students to explore a world beyond their own and realize the possibilities that are within their reach.""""Rigor and engagement go hand in hand,"" said Chris Smith, executive director of Boston After School & Beyond, which helps fund and manage the citywide initiative with the City and school district. ""When we engage young people in stimulating settings, they can develop and practice the skills they will need to succeed in college, career and life.""A wide body of research shows that, on average, students lose knowledge and skills over the summer months, and that this phenomenon - known as ""summer slide"" - has a disproportionate, cumulative effect on low-income youth. BPS and Boston After School & Beyond developed the 5th Quarter with local programs, schools, and funders to reverse this trend.""We are so grateful to have these types of innovative learning opportunities for our students,"" said Jason Gallagher, principal of the Harvard-Kent Elementary School in Charlestown, which collaborates with Courageous Sailing and Massachusetts General Hospital on summer programs. ""Many of our partners are right here in our own backyard. It's wonderful to be a part of a true community effort to provide our students with the best possible interactive learning experiences over the summer.""A national study based on a randomized controlled trial, conducted by RAND and funded by The Wallace Foundation in Boston and four other cities, revealed that students who had at least 80 percent attendance in academic summer programs outperformed the control group in math and reading on fall tests and on the subsequent spring MCAS exams. Participating students also gained an advantage in social and emotional skills in the fall after the second summer.""The 5th Quarter enables us to engage young people who need the most help,"" said Alexandra OliverDvila, a Boston School Committee member and executive director of Sociedad Latina, a Mission Hill nonprofit that serves predominantly Latino students. ""After five weeks, many students become leaders who approach learning with new purpose.""Representative Alice Peisch filed House bill 2868 to expand Boston's 5th Quarter approach statewide, with cities and local partners sharing in the cost. The Joint Committee on Education reported out the bill favorably to the House Committee on Ways and Means in May.The 5th Quarter grew out of the Boston Summer Learning Project, which was launched in 2010 by Boston After School & Beyond and the Boston Public Schools, with support from the Boston Opportunity Agenda, and raised over $10 million to develop, research, and scale the model.Boston families still seeking programming for summer 2017 are encouraged to visitpartnerbps.org/summerfor a full listing of school and community summer programs.###"
"With both the celebration of Juneteenth, as well as Sickle Cell Awareness Day, June 19 is an important date. We hope you'll educate yourself about these topics. Remember to discuss their significance with family, friends, and colleagues.Juneteenth is the oldest known celebration commemorating the ending of slavery in the United States. The event dates back to 1865. On June 19, Union soldiers, led by Major General Gordon Granger, landed at Galveston, Texas. They spread the news that the war had ended and that the enslaved were now free.The reactions to this news ranged from utter shock to immediate joy. Many stayed to learn of this new employer to employee relationship. Others left before these offers were completely off the lips of their former ""masters."" This showed the varying conditions on the plantations and reactions to freedom. Even with no where to go, many felt that leaving the plantation would be their first grasp of freedom.Many activities entertained the masses, and these traditions continue today. Rodeos, fishing, barbecuing, and baseball are typical Juneteenth activities. Juneteenth almost always focuses on education and self-improvement. Thus, guest speakers are often brought in, as well as community elders, to recount the events of the past. Prayer services and dressing up are also a major part of these celebrations.Currently, Juneteenth celebrates African American freedom and achievement. The day also encourages continuous self-development and respect for all cultures. The day has taken on more of a national, symbolic, and even global perspective. But, the events of 1865 in Texas are not forgotten.The future of Juneteenth looks bright. Many cities and states are creating Juneteenth committees. Respect and appreciation for our differences grow out of exposure and working together. Getting involved and supporting celebrations creates new bonds of friendship and understanding. This indeed, brightens our future  and that is the spirit of Juneteenth.Learn more about Juneteenth via this excellent Smithsonian article!Aside from Juneteenth, June 19 is also World Sickle Cell Awareness Day. The date commemorates the day when Sickle Cell Disease was recognized as a United Nations public health concern. The disease affects millions of adults and children every year. June 19 is now used as a way to build awareness around what those with the disease and their families go through. It's important to learn about the disease  signs and symptoms, as well as treatment options. Here in the Boston area there is a local resource that offers information and support. Additionally, the following websites are a great place to start learning about Sickle Cell Disease:"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh yesterday joined John Hancock interim President and CEO Michael Doughty and other corporate and civic leaders to celebrate 10 years of the company's MLK Scholars Program. Since its inception, John Hancock has funded more than 6,000 jobs and provided nearly $10 million in wages for youth summer jobs. The event also served to kick-off the 2017 teen summer job program (#BostonWorks), which will give 642 Boston teens a summer job, financial literacy training and leadership development experience.John Hancock works in close partnership with The Boston Globe, Boston University and Partners HealthCare to the offer MLK Scholars Program.""John Hancock's MLK Scholars Program understands the need for Boston's business and community leaders to lead the charge in providing our City youth with meaningful opportunities,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I congratulate John Hancock on 10 years of commitment to supporting our young people through the MLK Scholars Program. We will continue to work collaboratively with our community and corporate partners to create more employment resources for youth in Boston and positively shape our City.""Along with gaining valuable paid work experience, teens also receive coaching and guidance to help empower them to achieve their goals. Scholars attend bi-weekly forums at Boston University, which are designed to expose them to business and civic leaders, challenge them to learn new skills, and inspire them to realize the difference they can make in their communities.Mayor Walsh continues to make youth summer employment a priority, challenging businesses to partner with the City to increase employment opportunities for Boston's youth. John Hancock remains a leader in the effort.""MLK Scholars is one of John Hancock's signature philanthropic initiatives, and we are committed to helping the City's young people gain the knowledge and skills they will need to achieve upward economic mobility,"" said Hancock's Doughty. ""As we celebrate 10 years, we proudly reflect on all that has been accomplished and more fully appreciate the value created when young people gain meaningful work experience. Better preparing our youth in a fast-changing economy is essential to building individual and community prosperity.""As part of the kick-off event, Mayor Walsh addressed two hundred Boston teens at John Hancock's headquarters in South Boston. The event included a motivational appearance by Paralympic gold medalist and 4-time Boston Marathon champion Tatyana McFadden. Following the speaking program, the teens participated in an interactive exercise, engaging one-on-one with the Mayor, McFadden, other business and civic leaders, and each other.""John Hancock's MLK Scholars program addresses two important social factors that have a profound influence on future health: education and employment,"" said Dr. David Torchiana, President and CEO, Partners HealthCare. ""We are both pleased and committed to collaborate with John Hancock and the City of Boston to provide excellent educational and professional opportunities to help Boston young people grow up healthy and ready to join Boston's workforce.""""For over a decade The Boston Globe has partnered with John Hancock, the City of Boston, Boston University, and Partners HealthCare to provide work opportunities and life-skills training to the next generation of leaders through the MLK Scholars program,"" said Linda Henry, Boston Globe Managing Director. ""Working with nonprofit organizations in Greater Boston, the 600 talented and motivated teenagers in this year's program will directly impact their communities by showcasing their talents and experiences.""""At Boston University we recognize the importance of these internship program opportunities, which is why we are pleased to support the MLK Scholars program, working with great partners--Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston, John Hancock, The Boston Globe, and Partners HealthCare,"" said Boston University President Dr. Robert A. Brown.Mayor Walsh's summer jobs program has funded 3,300 positions for the summer of 2017. Under the Walsh Administration, 30,600 youth summer jobs have been funded, representing an 18 percent increase from 2013 despite the increase in minimum wage from $8 to $10 hourly.About the John Hancock's MLK Scholars ProgramThe MLK Scholars Program provides funding to local community-based not-for-profits to enable them to offer meaningful summer employment opportunities to Boston youth. Organizations are given the flexibility to hire youth of their choosing and must provide internal resources to help Scholars succeed in their jobs. In addition to the knowledge gained from the work experience, the program offers a unique series of job readiness and life-skills workshops that prepares the Scholars for the days and years ahead. For more information, please clickhere.About Mayor Martin J. Walsh's Summer Jobs ProgramThe City of Boston and the Boston Private Industry Council have worked to organize private sector employers, from the region's leading companies to neighborhood small businesses to provide Boston youth with summer job opportunities for the Mayor's Summer Jobs Initiative. Urban teens develop positive work habits, including but are not limited to the habits of paid work opportunities, attendance and punctuality, speaking and listening, accepting direction and criticism, and problem solving and taking initiative. Through this program, Mayor Walsh aims to tackle Boston's most pressing community priorities today, and at the same time, addresses employer needs by preparing a skilled and motivated workforce for the very near future."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh is reminding residents to take precautions during the hot weather forecast for this week. Information on heat safety tips can be found online at boston.gov/heat and by following @CityofBoston on Twitter.At this time, Mayor Walsh has not declared a Heat Emergency, but can do so after temperatures have reached 95 degrees or higher for three or more consecutive days.However, due to the continued high temperatures, Mayor Walsh has decided to open cooling centers at Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) locations across the City. Standalone sites are open from 9 a.m. - 9 p.m., while school-based sites are open from 2 - 9 p.m. BCYF also has 16 indoor pools open during normal operating hours for families looking to cool off in the summer heat.Residents can sign up for Alert Boston, the City's emergency notification system, to receive emergency alerts by phone, email, or text. Residents are also encouraged to call 3-1-1 with any questions about available City services.
Boston Public Library is extremely grateful to our sponsors for their support Read Your Way to Fenway is an ideal educational program that keeps children invested in reading out of school and provides an opportunity to experience a great summertime tradition at one of Americas most beloved ballparks, said Farouqua Abuzeit, Youth Services Manager for Boston Public Library.Essays are due to any BPL location on August 1. Winners, accompanied to the game by a parent or guardian, receive three Red Sox tickets and a Red Sox t-shirt, hat, backpack, and vouchers for food at Fenway Park.Read Your Way to Fenway is generously sponsored by John Hancock, the Red Sox Foundation, and the Boston Public Library.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Scott Kenyon with Steward health Care System, LLCto demolish the Carney Nuns House located at 2150 Dorchester Avenue in Dorchester. The full address is2150 Dorchester Avenue, Dorchester, MA 02124.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 19, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Jacob Simmons with City Realty Groupto demolish a single-story commercial building located at 3193-3201 Washington St. The full address is3193 Washington Street, Jamaica Plain, MA 02130.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 19, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
ClimateChangeData.Boston.gov gives everyone access to information that the Environmental Protection Agencys (EPA) has developed over decades of research. This information isnt readily available on the agencys webpage right now. But, here in Boston, we know climate change is real and we will continue to take action to fight it. Were not alone in this action today. Cities across the country, from Atlanta to Dallas to San Francisco, are banding together in this action. This effort came after a call to action from Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel. The mayor released a City of Chicago Climate Change is Real website in early May.Many U.S. cities are taking action on climate change. More than 300 Climate Mayors  representing more than 56 million Americans  have committed to the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement. Boston will do its part to help keep moving us all forward.Here in Boston, were in the midst of protecting critical areas in East Boston and Charlestown from flooding. We recently released a Request For Proposals to do the same in South Boston. The goal of this work is to find neighborhood solutions to coastal flooding from sea level rise and storms. We want to make sure that all of Boston is climate ready.Thats also why we piloted a new outreach program to help and encourage neighbors to have conversation on climate change, and how it impacts their lives in Boston. Climate Ready Boston Leaders will be out in the neighborhoods through the summer and early fall. Theyll be hosting conversations at local farmers markets, civic association meetings, and backyard barbeques.For this information  and other ways to get involved  visit greenovateboston.org. Through the Greenovate website, our one-stop shop for climate action in Boston, we:
Registration is now open for the inaugural Mayors Cup U16/U18 Soccer Tournament hosted by Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department.The Mayors Cup U16/U18 Soccer Tournament will be held on June 24 and 25 at Moakley Park in South Boston. The divisions are Grades 9/10 (U16) and Grades 11/12 (U18). Registration is open now through Monday, June 19. Teams may register online. For more information, please contact Woodley Auguste by email or phone at 617-961-3084.
The Boston Parks and Recreation Department has announced that registration is now open for the 2017 Boston Neighborhood Soccer League (BNSL). This five-week, full-sided league offers young soccer players ages 8-14 the opportunity to compete against each other and develop their skills. The program divisions include Grades 3 and 4 (U10), Grades 5 and 6 (U12), Grades 7 and 8 (U14). The Parks Department also hosts a Pee Wee Soccer program for youth ages 6-8 where players learn the basics of team soccer. Teams play two games a week Monday-Thursday in the evenings. In case of game cancelation due to inclement weather, make-up games may be played on Fridays. The league will run Monday, July 10-Thursday, August 10. Pre-registration is required. Players can register online.For more information about BNSL, contact Woodley Auguste by email or phoneat 617-961-3084.
BOSTON  Friday, July 9, 2017  In cooperation with neighborhood residents, the Boston Transportation Department is changing Dell Avenue in Hyde Park from a two-way to a one-way street. Once implemented, traffic on Dell Avenue will flow in the direction from Central Avenue to Hyde Park Avenue only. Drivers are cautioned to watch for One-Way and Do Not Enter signs that will be posted soon, as the traffic regulation will go into effect immediately following the installation of these new signs.Dell Avenue residents expressed concern with motorists turning off Hyde Park Avenue, and traveling on Dell Avenue to Central Avenue, in order to avoid the traffic signal at West Street. In a petition submitted to BTD, residents wrote, Making our street one-way from Central Avenue to Hyde Park Avenue will substantially cut down on the high speed non-local traffic, contributing to the safety of the street.Small, residential streets in Bostons neighborhoods should be safe and inviting for residents and their guests who use them to walk, ride bikes, and drive their personal vehicles or take public transportation to move around their communities, said Boston Transportation Department Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. I am happy that BTD had this opportunity to work with Dell Avenue residents and implement a measure that will help to preserve the street for neighborhood use, and Id like to thank the residents for the time and effort that they put into this project.
Boston Parks Commissioner Chris Cook and The Skating Club of Boston president Joe Blount are pleased to welcome children and guests to kick off the 2017 summer season as the Boston Common Frog Pond spray pool reopens on Thursday, June 29. The day will include a fun and exciting celebration at 11 a.m. followed by the opening of the spray pool.The Frog Pond spray pool is the citys downtown spot for Bostons youngsters to cool off in hot weather, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. A visit to the Frog Pond can be part of a great family day on Boston Common along with the Tadpole Playground, carousel, food concessions, historic monuments, and the Swan Boats and Make Way for Ducklings figures in the Boston Public Garden.In addition to activities from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m., information regarding upcoming summer programs offered by the City of Boston and the Boston Public Health Commission will be available to families and residents and tasty treats will be provided by in-kind sponsors HP Hood LLC, Lantana Hummus, and Polar Beverages.The celebration will feature a special visit from official mascot Frog Pond Freddie, entertainment, face painting, activities with Cambridge Science on the Streets, giveaways from Magic 106.7, and an appearance by the costumed character Surly from the movie The Nut Job 2. In addition, children of all ages are eligible to enter a summer raffle.Families will also be able to enjoy a ride on the Boston Common Carousel. The Carousel is handicapped accessible and has height requirements: anyone 42 or taller can ride alone anyone under 42 requires the presence of an adult. Admission for the ride is $3 with 10 ride cards available for $25. Hours of operation are Sunday through Thursday 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. and Friday and Saturday 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.A year-round recreational facility, the Frog Pond offers ice skating in the winter, a spray pool and supervised wading for youngsters in the summer, and the Carousel from spring through fall. Information on additional activities offered at the Frog Pond can be found by visiting www.bostonfrogpond.com.The Frog Pond spray pool is open for wading daily from 11 a.m. -6 p.m. until Labor Day. The facility is managed by The Skating Club of Boston and staffed by youth workers from the Boston Youth Fund. For further information, please call the Frog Pond at 617-635-2120.
"The Foundation for Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is one of 100 local nonprofits to receive a grant of $100,000 through the Cummings Foundations $100K for 100 program to support the BCYF SuperTeens summer pre-employment program. The Foundation for BCYF was chosen from a total of 549 applicants during a competitive review process.I want to thank the Cummings Foundation for their support of Bostons youth and families, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. The SuperTeens program is a great opportunity for our 13- and 14-year-olds to continue learning outside of school, build skills and gain experience that will prepare them for the future.""The citywide BCYF SuperTeens program provides 250 youth ages 13-14 with the opportunity to attend weekly leadership development workshops, gain work experience in BCYF community centers, and participate in field trips to Bostons arts and cultural institutions. Program goals include providing hands-on work experience and/or service experience for each youth, engaging youth in high-quality leadership development workshops based on BCYFs Youth Development Outcomes, and developing creative writing skills by teaching youth to share personal learning experiences in writing. The youth receive a stipend at the end of the summer for successful completion of the program.The $100K for 100 program is benefiting 35 different cities and towns in Massachusetts. Through this place-based initiative, the Cummings Foundation aims to give back in the areas where it owns commercial buildings managed by its affiliate, Cummings Properties.Nonprofit organizations like the Foundation for BCYF are vital to the local communities where our colleagues and clients live and work, said Joel Swets, Cummings Foundation executive director. We are delighted to invest in their efforts.This years diverse group of grant recipients represents a wide variety of causes, including homelessness prevention and affordable housing, education, violence prevention, and food insecurity. The complete list of winner is available at CummingsFoundation.org.Eighteen BCYF community centers across the City are hosting the SuperTeens program. Learn more about SuperTeens onBCYF's webpage.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs, including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, the Mayors Summer Jobs Program.Woburn-based Cummings Foundation, Inc. was established in 1986 by Joyce and Bill Cummings of Winchester. With assets exceeding $1.4 billion, it is one of the largest foundations in New England. The Foundation directly operates its own charitable subsidiaries, including two New Horizons retirement communities in Marlborough and Woburn. Its largest single commitment to date was $50 million to Cummings School of Veterinary Medicine at Tufts University."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from Michael Veranito demolish a single-family dwelling located at 274 Athens Street in South Boston. The full address is274 Athens Street, South Boston, MA 02127.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 p.m.on June 16, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m.- 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
The Boston Parks and Recreation Department announces the return of free youth Sports Centers at White Stadium in Franklin Park, Moakley Park in South Boston, and East Boston Stadium featuring professional instruction in a number of popular sports July 10 - August 18. The Sports Centers are offered free of charge to Boston residents and open to boys and girls ages 7-14. The program offers progressive skill development to city youngsters in July and August.The East Boston Summer Recreation and Sports Center at East Boston Memorial Park is a full day drop-in program for Boston residents ages 7-14. Children may participate in a number of supervised activities including sports, games, and arts and crafts. The program runs July 10-August 18, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Pre-registration is recommended and space is limited. For more information, please call (617) 961-3085 or email Cheryl Brown.The Moakley Park Sports Center in South Boston is a full day drop-in program for Boston residents ages 7-14. The program runs July 10-August 18, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Children can participate in many traditional and non-traditional recreation activities. Parents may register their children for one day, a week, or the entire summer. For more information, please call (617) 961-3093 or email Barbara Hamilton.The White Stadium Sports Center in Franklin Park will feature several sports July 11-August 18, 8:30 a.m.-3 p.m., with youngsters choosing a favorite to participate in each week. The sports offered throughout the program include volleyball, lacrosse, tennis, basketball, Double Dutch, track and field, football, soccer, and baseball/softball.The White Stadium Sports Center also hosts Monday workshops July 17-August 14 offering boys and girls the opportunity to participate in a five-week reading, writing, and math enrichment program. Pre-registration is required and space is limited. For more information on all White Stadium Sports Center programs, please call 617-961-3092 or email Larelle Bryson.Highly skilled clinicians will teach all Sports Center sessions. Please note that lunch is provided at all locations but participants must provide their own transportation and pre-registration is required for both groups and individuals. Get more information or register online.# # #
Summer is a wonderful time for our students to explore their City, and that includes the Boston Public Libraries, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. BPL is helping to make summer reading and learning a fun experience that students will look forward to. I encourage all students and parents to take advantage of the important resources that BPL offers.We are extremely grateful to our sponsors for their support, as these significant programs for patrons and visitors encourage reading, learning, and connectivity to the library during the summer months through a variety of fun, enriching events and experiences, said Farouqua Abuzeit, Boston Public Librarys Manager of Youth Services.Summer in the City features events for children, including programs hosted by Historic New England, New England Aquarium, and the Museum of Science and visits from ReadBoston StoryMobile and Countdown to Kindergarten, with additional programming at locations such as story times, crafts, and more. Brochures are available at the Central Library, branches, and online.Teens explore science, technology, engineering, arts, and math through creative movement and dance choreography by Gique, learn fun, new recipes with Miss Debbie from Kidz Cooking, and get creative with writing through Grub Street. Teen summer programming is available at select locations.New this year, summer reading passport participants can log visits to a park, museum, public art, or a BPL library branch as well as books, magazines, or audiobooks read/listened to during the week on a passport page. They can then drop a passport page off at a neighborhood branch of the BPL to be entered in a drawing for prizes. This program is open to children and teens in grades K12.The annual Read Your Way to Fenway summer reading contest is underway, in which children and teens ages 5-17 read a minimum of three books for a chance to win tickets to watch the Red Sox vs. the Baltimore Orioles at Fenway Park on Sunday, August 27 at 1:35 p.m. Readers may download an application in English or Spanish via www.bpl.org/summer or pick up an application at any Boston Public Library location. Essays are due to any BPL library on August 1.Adults have the opportunity to fill out a Bingo card (available by June 16) with the titles and authors of books read between Saturday, July 1, and Saturday, September 2. Completed cards can be dropped off by closing time on Saturday, September 2 at any participating BPL branch, or through posting a photo of the card to Instagram or Twitter using the following handles and tags: @bplboston #srp17 #summerinthecity.Readers of all ages are encouraged to ask a friendly librarian for a book recommendation or try out Shelf-Service via www.bpl.org/shelf-service to have a Readers Advisory team member curate a list of personalized book titles.Additionally, the Boston Public Schools summer information page has links to book lists, summer jobs resources, and to the Boston Centers for Youth and Families summer program guide.Summer in the City is sponsored by the Boston Public Library, the Citywide Friends of the Boston Public Library, and WGBH courtesy of the Krueger Charitable Foundation, Tulsa, OK. Read Your Way to Fenway is sponsored by John Hancock, The Red Sox Foundation, and the Boston Public Library.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.# # #
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, together with the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture and the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement, announced today a new exhibit on display at City Hall throughout the month of June in honor of Immigrant Heritage Month. The exhibit, The Faces of Syrian Refugees, profiles 20 Syrians who fled their war-torn homeland and have resettled in new countries in Europe and North America, and who are now in homes and building new lives.""The Faces of Syrian Refugees exhibit is incredibly powerful, and humanizes the refugee crisis in a way that is thought-provoking and leaves a lasting impact,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage everyone to come visit this exhibit over the course of Immigrant Heritage Month, and experience the story of each individual featured in the photos.""Since March 2011, over five million Syrians have been displaced from their homes. The exhibit consists of life-sized color portraits and personal interviews that offer intimate visits with Syrian refugees. The subjects come from all walks of life and now are engaged in a range of activities, from teaching art classes to serving as museum docents to conducting an orchestra.The exhibit was produced by Michael Cohen, a Boston-based photographer who conceived the concept in early 2016. Working with Dr. Dana Janbek of Lasell College and Amy Bracken, a freelance journalist, they located and traveled to 20 different refugees to create the exhibit.""The premiere of The Faces Of Syrian Refugees in my hometown as the kickoff to Immigrant Heritage Month is a perfect way to begin the national tour of this exhibit,"" said Cohen. ""Immigrants from all over the world have made their home in Boston and added greatly to our city. Syria needs our help right now, and it is important for us to see and meet them.This exhibit allows the visitor an up close and personal understanding of 20 refugees that are excited to introduce themselves to the US.""""Among its goals, the Boston Creates Cultural Plan looks to elevate how the arts can facilitate learning opportunities among diverse cultures,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""The Faces Of Syrian Refugees is a great example, demonstrating the power of the arts to teach, create dialogue and help us connect to one another. I encourage everyone to visit City Hall and view this exhibit.""""The Faces of Syrian Refugees connects us with the stories of people who have left their homeland very recently under dire circumstances,"" said Alejandra St. Guillen, Director of the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement. ""During Immigrant Heritage Month, this exhibit will remind those who visit City Hall of their families' own stories of leaving their countries of origin to settle in the United States.""The exhibit will be on display on the mezzanine area of the 3rd Floor Lobby of City Hall from June 6- June 30, 2017.A program and reception featuring the exhibit will be held at City Hall on June 20, 2017 to commemorate World Refugee Day. The event is free and open to the public, and all residents are encouraged to attend. For more information go to: www.boston.gov/events.About Immigrant Heritage MonthStarted in 2014 by Welcome.us, Immigrant Heritage Month honors the countless contributions made by immigrants to our communities, our economy, our culture, and our collective American identity each June. On behalf of Mayor Walsh, the Office for Immigrant Advancement coordinates events with city agencies and community partners in Boston throughout the month.Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's Cultural Plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program (BostonAIR) curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information go to: www.boston.gov/arts.Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement (MOIA)The Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement works to ensure the full participation of immigrants within the civic, economic, social and cultural life of Boston. Every year, MOIA assists over 2,000 residents by connecting them to English language classes, helping them obtain citizenship application assistance, facilitating access to city services, and providing accurate information about immigration laws, which helps immigrants contribute socially and economically to the city. For more information go to: www.boston.gov/immigrants or call 617-635-2980.a"
"City Hall belongs to all Boston residents, and I'm pleased with the City's progress to make City Hall a welcoming spot for everyone, said Mayor Walsh. ""Miriam and Hector are wonderful shop owners who make a great cup of coffee, and I welcome employees, residents and visitors to City Hall to visit Recreo Coffee.""""We are thrilled to bring our shop to Boston City Hall to serve workers, residents and visitors who pass through each and every day,"" said owner Miriam Morales. ""It's especially special to be able to bring my family's coffee beans from Nicaragua all the way to Boston, and we look forward to becoming part of Boston City Hall.""Recreo Coffee was chosen after a vendor request for proposals (RFP) process, managed by Boston Property Management and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics. The City was impressed by Recreo Coffee's dedication to socially responsible partnerships with local organizations, including a program that promotes education and healthcare for the coffee bean farmers and their families, and their established location in the West Roxbury Main Street District.Located on the third floor mezzanine, Recreo Coffee will be open Monday through Friday from 7:30 a.m. - 4:30 p.m., and will offer a full coffee menu along with baked goods and lunch options.The opening of a coffee shop in Boston City Hall is part of the City's plan to make City Hall Plaza a more activated, inclusive space for all. Additional projects include ""Boston Seasons"" which features a summer picnic area on City Hall Plaza for the summer and established Boston Winter, a family-friendly winter holiday market and skating rink, on City Hall Plaza last winter.The coffee shop is part of the renovations underway in the City Hall lobby, included in the master plan to reenvision public spaces in City Hall, which is scheduled to be completed this summer."
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from 3353Washington LLC to demolish the properties located on parcels 1102581000, 1102582000, 1102583000, 1102583001 in Jamaica Plain, zip 02130. The parcels are located at203-209 Green St., 3353 Washington St., 3357-3359 Washington St.in Jamaica Plain.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in theArticle 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance.If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send toBLC staffbefore5 p.m.on June 9, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9 a.m. - 5 p.m., Monday through Friday.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today improvements to the Community Ombudsman Oversight Panel (CO-OP) and Complaint Mediation Program that will provide a neutral location for the public to file complaints, increase the number of cases reviewed and automatically refer cases for immediate review that involve allegations of discrimination or use of force resulting in serious bodily injury.In 2015, Mayor Walsh reconstituted the CO-OP, appointing Professor Natashia Tidwell, J. Larry Mayes and Judge Regina Quinlan to three year terms.""In Boston, our goal to have complete trust with the community,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""We are strengthening the relationship between our residents and the police, we are providing community-driven training to our officers before they hit the streets, and we are seeing results. The number of complaints are going down, crime is going down and, even more importantly, the number of arrests continue to go down. Creating more public accountability and bringing greater transparency to this process are key to reaching our goals and I look forward to the continued work of the CO-OP and its members.""Acting on recommendations from the CO-OP, the public will now be able to file complaints with the Civic Engagement Cabinet, located at City Hall, to offer a more neutral location than going to a police department. The Civic Engagement Cabinet, which includes the Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services, interacts daily with residents and neighborhood groups to hear their concerns and connect them to services.In addition, allegations of bias in policing or discriminatory conduct will now be classified differently to increase transparency between BPD Internal Affairs Division and the community and to ensure that allegations of discrimination are properly tracked.Any case involving allegations of discrimination or use of force resulting in serious bodily injury will automatically be referred to the CO-OP for review after Internal Affairs reaches its decision. The CO-OP is responsible for reviewing completed investigations and appealed investigations for thoroughness and fairness.The number of cases reviewed by the CO-OP will be increased from 10 percent to 20 percent, and will continue to be chosen by random audit. In addition, all allegations of discrimination or use of force resulting in serious bodily injury will be automatically referred to the CO-OP. The CO-OP will be increased from three members to up to five members with staggered three year terms to accommodate the additional caseload.From 2013 to 2016, total citizen complaints to Internal Affairs have declined from 361 to 199 complaints per year and total citizen complaints for excessive force have declined from 40 to 18. Further, BPD Recruit Classes are now trained in Unconscious Bias and De-escalation training prior to joining the police force.The CO-OP was established in 2007 to serve as an outside, unbiased party provide external oversight and review of BPD internal investigations. Members have access to all investigation materials related to the case they are viewing. If a case requires clarification, the panel will send an inquiry to Internal Affairs to request additional investigation. If, after taking that step, the CO-OP disagrees with the decision of Internal Affairs, a recommendation will be made to the Police Commissioner.The panel also periodically reviews policies and procedures of the internal affairs process and its integrity, and produce an annual report to the Mayor and the Police Commissioner documenting cases reviewed and the outcome of the Panel's review for each case.The Executive Order, signed by Mayor Walsh today, can be found here"
Boston Landmarks Commission (BLC) received acomplete application from RODE Architects to demolish the properties located on parcels 1502583000, 1502595010, 1502607000 in Dorchester, zip 02125.We will post each Demo Delayapplication to provide the public with information about proposed demolitions as early as possible in the Article 85 process. BLC staff has ten days from receiving an application to make a determination about historical, architectural, cultural or urban design significance. If you have input about the significance of any of these properties, please send to BLC staff before5 PM on June 9, 2017. The application is available for review in Room 709, Boston City Hall between 9AMand5 PM Monday through Friday.
Unfortunately, Alzheimer's Disease is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States. Many of us are caring for someone that is struggling, which is a very difficult task. The person may be losing their memory, declining in functioning, and becoming agitated as a result of their condition.Alzheimer's and other brain issuesare serious health problems that affect the entire family unit.At the Employee Assistance Program, we recognize how scary and overwhelming it is to face such an issue. We are here to both listen and provide you and your loved ones helpful resources. The City has aBoston Alzheimer's Initiative, who are working to trainfirst responders on how to properly care for a person with Alzheimer's or dementia. Additionally, they are offering workshops for City of Boston staff on how to help folks that are caring for a loved one.The following organizations provide lots of helpful information on the topic. Learning the warning signs and symptoms may help you to discern if someone in your life is struggling with Alzheimer's or another disease. These sites also offer various resources for caregivers. As always, if this issue is touching your family and you aren't sure where to turn - the City of Boston EAP is available to work together with you.Alzheimer's Foundation, National toll-free HelplineAlzheimer's Association, Warning Signs and SymptomsNational Institute on Aging, Resources for Alzheimer's CaregiversAlzheimer's.Gov, Caregiver Resources
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the renaming of the Franklin Field Senior Center in honor of Juanda Drumgold at a dedication ceremony with the Boston Housing Authority, the City of Boston's Elderly Commission, elected officials, community residents and the Drumgold family.Juanda Drumgold was a community pillar and a long-time resident of the Franklin Field public housing development before passing away in October 2016. She worked with the Elderly Commission frequently, appeared on the television showSeniors Count, took a role in Age-Friendly Boston and ensured her building was connected to Elderly events and programming. She volunteered through Grandparents Raising Grandchildren and Boston University Alzheimer's Disease Community Action Council.""Ms. Drumgold was a true voice and tireless advocate for the residents of Franklin Field and for the greater Dorchester area,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Her advocacy and commitment to children, families and seniors will be treasured and missed, and this dedication speaks to her life and her voice.""""Ms. Drumgold was a champion for her community. She inspired me and so many others to be fierce advocates especially for those most vulnerable. Her heart and spirit still live on in Franklin Field and District 4, and I am extremely happy that her legacy will be carried on in this building and in those who continue her work to make this neighborhood one of the best in the City of Boston,"" said City Councilor Andrea Campbell.Franklin Field residents recently honored Mrs. Drumgold for her work with Rosie's Place last summer. Residents and tenant task force members knitted a quilt in her honor that was dedicated to the Center. The quilt, which hangs on the wall of the Center, is another example of how much she was appreciated and how her love for this community was demonstrated.""Mrs. Drumgold was a true friend a kind soul who dedicated her life to this development and to the residents who call Franklin Field home,"" said Bill McGonagle, BHA Administrator. ""She was a pillar of this community, and we count it an honor to celebrate her in this fashion.""About the Boston Elderly CommissionThe Commission on Affairs of the Elderly is dedicated to improving the lives of Boston's older adults by connecting them with resources and information. We're focused on setting the City's direction for successful aging in Boston. Our services include assistance in applying for government benefits and community-based services, discount programs, housing advice, transportation options, advocacy, volunteer programs, and information and referral.About the Boston Housing AuthorityThe Boston Housing Authority (BHA) is a public agency that provides subsidized housing to low and moderate income individuals and families. In addition to conventional public housing communities throughout Boston, BHA offers rental assistance programs. BHA receives federal and state funding in order to provide housing programs to individuals and families. BHA's mission is to provide stable, quality affordable housing for low and moderate income persons to deliver these services with integrity and mutual accountability and to create living environments which serve as catalysts for the transformation from dependency to economic self-sufficiency."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh in partnership with EdVestors today announced a new phase of the successful Boston Public Schools (BPS) Arts Expansion Initiative to continue increasing students' access to quality arts education.The BPS Arts Expansion initiative began in 2009 as an effort to expand arts education, with a focus on increasing access, equity and quality. As a result of this work, there are now 80 percent more BPS arts teachers working with 70 community arts partners to deliver arts instruction to 17,000 more students annually compared to eight years ago. From 2009-2017, the percentage of BPS pre-K through eighth grade students receiving a minimum of weekly, year-long arts instruction or its equivalent increased from 67 percent to 95 percent.Today's announcement was made in conjunction with the BPS CItywide Arts Festival being held fromJune 6 - June 8at the Wang YMCA of Chinatown. In addition, the City of Boston is also preparing to celebrate the first anniversary of the launch of its cultural plan, Boston Creates, which aims to incorporate arts and culture into the fabric of everyday civic life.""As we approach the first anniversary of Boston Creates, we're proud to announce the next phase of our partnership with Boston Public Schools Arts Expansion, which is increasing access to arts education,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Through Boston Creates, we are working to ensure that access to arts and culture, including arts education, is accessible to all.""Public funding for arts education has increased by more than $11 million annually over the course of BPS Arts Expansion, up to $26 million in 2016, from $15 million in 2009.In the fourth phase of BPS Arts Expansion, the City and BPS, in collaboration with lead partner EdVestors, will raise $2.5M in private funds to sustain high levels of arts education in the district over the next three years. To date, over $1.75M has been raised toward the new goal. The Barr Foundation, the Boston Foundation, The Klarman Family Foundation and the Linde Family Foundation have stepped up to help ensure all preK-8 students receive weekly year-long arts instruction and that 100 percent of BPS high school graduates meet the Massachusetts Core graduation requirement of one year of arts instruction.""We have heard clearly from students, families, teachers and principals that arts matter in their schools,"" said Laura Perille, President & CEO of EdVestors. ""We are proud to work with the City, the Boston Public Schools and our committed philanthropic partners to promote increased access to arts across the system. This initiative has made an enormous difference by giving thousands more children the opportunity to express their creativity and increase engagement with each other, their schools and the community and we are delighted it will continue.""The impact of BPS Arts Expansion can be seen on display today at the annual BPS Citywide Arts Festival, as student performers from dozens of schools converge at the Wang YMCA of Chinatown in a celebration of the power of creativity, joined by parents and community members. The Festival, which runsJune 6 through June 8, features students ranging from kindergarten through high school presenting, musical, dance, spoken word & theater performances.To support this work, EdVestors also announced today over $600,000 in grants to support 37 partners working in 67 schools for the 2017-18 school year.""BPS Arts Expansion is a terrific example of equity and innovation in our district's schools,"" said Dr. Tommy Chang, Boston Public Schools Superintendent. ""By providing quality arts opportunities to greater numbers of our young people, we are closing opportunity gaps. The arts have been a critical element of successful school improvement by making our classrooms more vibrant and engaging for students and our schools more welcoming to students and families. BPS is proud to continue this partnership that is a model in our nation.""More information on the BPS Arts Expansion Initiative and the Citywide Arts Festival is available athttp://www.bpsarts.orgEdVestors is a dynamic school change organization focused on increasing the number of schools in Boston that deliver dramatically improved educational outcomes for all children. EdVestors works with all urban schools leveraging strategic private investment, providing on-the-ground support to accelerate results, and developing and sharing knowledge to drive improvement across schools. EdVestors operates the School Solutions Seed Fund, the School on the Move Prize, the Improving Schools Initiative and leads the public-private partnerships for BPS Arts Expansion and the new Zeroing in on Math initiative. Follow on social media using@bpsicreateand@edvestors. For more information, please visit:http://www.edvestors.orgThe Boston Public Schools (BPS), the birthplace of public education in the United States, serves nearly 57,000 pre-kindergarten through grade 12 students in 125 schools. BPS is committed to transforming the lives of all children through exemplary teaching in a world-class system of innovative, welcoming schools. We partner with the community, families, and students to develop in every learner the knowledge, skill, and character to excel in college, career, and life.The cultural plan is a ten year plan for supporting arts and culture in the City of Boston. It was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen Boston's cultural vitality over the long term. The full cultural plan can be found online at http://plan.bostoncreates.org."
Climate Ready East Boston is one of the first neighborhood climate resilience planning projects of the Climate Ready Boston initiative. Last week, we co-hosted an open house with our project partners to connect with the community about the projects goals, and to hear their initial concerns and feedback about protecting East Boston from climate change impacts.The open house was hosted at Excel Academy in East Boston. The Neighborhood of Affordable Housing (NOAH), a local community organization, and the project design team (Kleinfelder and Stoss) co-hosted the interactive event with the City of Boston.The project team will be diving deeper into these results and the design recommendations in the next few weeks, and will provide a detailed update at the next community event in mid-July.Climate Ready Boston is a key initiative to help our City address climate change. Our science-driven approach to addressing the most challenging impacts will increase our Citys safety, contribute to reducing emissions, and build community resilience.
Note: BCYF Cloughertyopening delayed to Sunday, June 18 due to mechanical issues. (4:00pm6/16/2017)The City of Bostons two outdoor pools, the BCYF Clougherty Pool in Charlestown and the BCYF Mirabella Pool in the North End are opening for the season on Saturday, June 17. These pools, along with 16 others that are open year-round, are operated by Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency . The outdoor pools will remain open seven days a week until Labor Day.Also opening June 17 is the Citys Family Friendly Beach at the BCYF Curley Community Center in South Boston. The beach will also be open seven days a week and offers families access to an enclosed stretch of beach on Boston Harbor, restrooms with changing tables, picnic tables with umbrellas, outdoor showers, beach game equipment, wifi and the use of an indoor area to get out of the sun. All locations will have experienced, certified lifeguards on duty. For membership and programming information for these locations, visit Boston.Gov/BCYF.
Special events taking place from Thursday, June 8, through Sunday, June 11, 2017, will impact traffic and parking in the City of Boston. Those attending the events are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.Thursday, June 8The JP Morgan Corporate Challenge will begin at 7:15 PM on Charles Street at the Boston Common. An estimated 9,000 participants will run from Charles Street, left on Beacon Street, left on Arlington Street, right on Commonwealth Avenue (outbound), to Kenmore Square, turn around after the MBTA bus way, to Commonwealth Avenue (inbound), under the Massachusetts Avenue overpass, continuing on Commonwealth Avenue, right onto Arlington Street, left onto Boylston Street, left onto Charles Street. Streets along the route will be closed to traffic from approximately 7:15 to 8:30 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Thursday 9 AM to 9 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Friday, June 9The Boston Dyke March will begin at 7 PM at the Parkman Bandstand on the Boston Common. An estimated 2,000 marchers will exit the Common, turn right on Charles Street, left on Beacon Street, left on Arlington Street, right on Commonwealth Avenue, left on Clarendon Street, left on Boylston Street, and return to the Boston Common at the corner of Boylston and Charles Streets. Traffic will be held back at intersections as participants proceed along the route.Saturday, June 10Boston Pride Parade participants will gather on Boylston Street between Clarendon and Dalton Streets. The parade will begin at 12 PM with marchers proceeding on Clarendon Street, left on Tremont Street, left on Berkeley Street, right on Boylston Street, left on Charles Street, right on Beacon Street, left on Tremont Street, straight on Cambridge Street, right onto City Hall Plaza. Streets along the route will be closed to traffic through approximately 4 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Pride Womens Block Party will take place from 12 PM to 7 PM. LaGrange Street, Tremont to Washington Street, will be closed to traffic for the duration.The Chandler Street Block Party will take place from 6 AM to 9 PM. Chandler Street, Berkeley Street heading east to the end of the street, will be closed to traffic for the duration.Sunday, June 11The Battle of Bunker Hill Parade will begin at 12:30 PM on Vine Street. An estimated 1,500 marchers will continue to Bunker Hill Street, turn left on Main Street, left on Green Street, right on High Street, continuing to Monument Square, left on Winthrop Street, left on Common Street, right on Park Street. Streets along the route will be closed to traffic through approximately 5 PM.The Battle of Bunker Hill Road Race will begin at 10:30 AM at the Boys and Girls Club on High Street at Elm Street. Runners will proceed on High Street, right on Winthrop Street, right on Warren Street, straight on Main street, right on Bunker Hill Street, right on Lowney Way, right on Adams Street, left on Commons Street, left on Park Street, right on Warren Street, right on Monument Avenue, right on Monument Square, follow Monument Square counterclockwise around the monument, to the intersection of Monument Square and High Street, right on High Street, finishing at High Street and Wood Street. Traffic will be held back at intersections as participants proceed along the route.The Monument Avenue Bunker Hill Day Block Party will take place from 9 AM to 3 PM. Monument Avenue, Warren Street to Monument Square, will be closed to traffic for the duration.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect in Charlestown as follows.A Boston Pride Block Party will be held on St. James Avenue, between Berkeley and Arlington Streets, Back Bay, and the street will be closed to traffic from 6 AM to Midnight.Tow Zone No Stopping Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.A Boston Pride Block Party will be held on Perkins Street, between South Huntington Avenue and Day Street, Jamaica Plain, and the street will be closed to traffic from 6 AM to Midnight.Tow Zone No Stopping Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.St. Cecilias Summer Festival will take place from 8 AM to 5 PM. St. Cecilia Street, Belvidere Street to Scotia Street, will be closed for the duration.
On its way downstream, the deluge picked up trees, houses, railroad cars, and other debris. The flood poured through two iron works, where it swept up even more deadly debris. By the time the flood reached Johnstown, an hour after the dams collapse, the water was traveling at 40 mph and in some places was 60 feet high. More than 2,200 people died in the flood. When the water receded, it left behind a 30-acre debris field.News of the flood and its damage spread throughout the country. Individuals and organizations from across the country sent aid. In Boston, a group of Italian-Americans living on Hanover and North Streets planned a meeting at Faneuil Hall to consider and devise measures of relief for the sufferers of Johnstown and vicinity. You can see their letter to the Board of Aldermen below.Though were not sure about the ultimate result of this meeting,we do know that individuals and organizations from across the globe donated more than three million dollars to relief efforts in Johnstown.
The list below is not final. The list will become final after July 5if there are no withdrawals or objections.To hold a preliminary for a local election, there has to be enough candidates on the ballot for a given contest. A Preliminary Election's purpose is to narrow down the number of candidates to the top two front runners of each contest.This year there are four candidates for Mayor. This calls for a citywide Preliminary Municipal Election on September 26, 2017.There will be no preliminary for the City Councilor-At-Large contest. The reason why is that there must be at least ninecandidates running for the fourseats. This year, there are fourincumbents and fourchallengers for City Councilor-At-Large.Four City Council Districts will hold preliminaries on September 26, 2017. Districts one, two, seven, and nine have all met the candidate requirement to call for a Preliminary Election. Each district race has at least three candidates running. But, the remaining five out of nine District City Council contests will not have a preliminary.On July 13, 2017 the Boston Election Department will host the Ballot Position Drawing. This determines the order in which candidates names will appear on the Ballot for the Preliminary Municipal Election. The drawing is open to the public. We will also broadcast the drawing live from 12:30 - 1:30 p.m. in Room 801 of Boston City Hall. You can watch the live broadcast on Comcast 24, RCN 13, and Verizon 1962.
From East Boston to West Roxbury, children ages three to ten can enjoy painting, mask and jewelry making, treasure creations, and more at the Artists in Residence Workshops held from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in parks across the City.Participation is free and all materials are provided, but young children must be accompanied by an adult. Groups of six or more must make prior arrangements by calling the Parks Department at 617-635-4505. Now in its 21st year, ParkARTS brings a wide range of cultural offerings to city parks.In addition, the New England Aquarium will bring its traveling tide pool exhibit to eight locations and the Marionette Puppet Show series will return in July and August at 11 a.m. at various childrens workshops. See Bostons parks come alive with these whimsical puppet shows that will delight the child in everyone. Experience the unique charm of Rosalitas Puppets featuring marionettes made by professional actor-puppeteer Charlotte Anne Dore.Children are able to cool off this summer at Splash Dance Parties in July and August at parks across Boston. Children can listen to music while playing games and dancing in our spray features. Presented with support from Turkey Hill Dairy and Mix 104.1.July 11, 18, 25McConnell Park, DorchesterJoyce Playground, BrightonJuly 12, 19, 26Sweeney Playground, South BostonGertrude Howes Playground, RoxburyJuly 13, 20, 27Doherty Playground, CharlestownPeters Park, South EndJuly 14, 21, 28East Boston Memorial Park, East BostonMozart Street Playground, Jamaica PlainAugust 1, 8, 15Town Field, DorchesterFallon Field, RoslindaleAugust 2, 9, 16McGann Playground, Hyde ParkRinger Playground, AllstonAugust 3, 10, 17Ramsay Park, RoxburyChristopher Columbus Park, North EndAugust 4, 11, 18Hunt/Almont Park, MattapanHynes Playground, West RoxburyTuesday, July 11 McConnell Park, DorchesterFriday, July 14  East Boston Memorial Park, East BostonThursday, July 20 Doherty Playground, CharlestownThursday, July 27 Peters Park, South EndFriday, July 28 Mozart Street Playground, Jamaica PlainThursday, August 3 Ramsay Park, RoxburyTuesday, August 8 Town Field, DorchesterFriday, August 18 Almont Park, MattapanWednesday, July 12 Gertrude Howes Playground, RoxburyTuesday, July 18 McConnell Park, DorchesterWednesday, July 19 Sweeney Playground, South BostonThursday, August 3 Christopher Columbus Park, North EndThursday, August 10 Ramsay Park, RoxburyTuesday, August 15 Fallon Field, RoslindaleThursday, July 13  Doherty Playground, CharlestownFriday, July 21 Mozart Street Playground, Jamaica PlainFriday, July 28 East Boston Memorial Park, East BostonFriday, August 11 Hynes Playground, West RoxburyFriday, August 18 Hunt/Almont Park, MattapanFor information on this and other ParkARTS programs, please call the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at 617-635-4505, visit our Facebook page, go to the Parks website,or follow @BostonParksDept.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh yesterday joined leadership fromMy Brother's Keeper (MBK) Bostonand the national My Brother's Keeper Alliance (MBK Alliance) for a Solution Session to introduce MBK Boston's newly appointed advisory board and celebrate leaders who support the work of MBK. The Solution Session marked a milestone in MBK Boston's work by inviting members of the public to take an active role in supporting its efforts in recruiting mentors and promoting Implicit Bias Training, while promoting solutions that address persistent opportunity gaps faced by young men of color.""My Brother's Keeper is a powerful engine that aligns all of our work, partnerships and policies toward tearing down barriers that exist for young men of color and unlocking their potential,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I congratulate all the new members of the board who are joining this movement that is paving the way for more opportunities for our young people, and look forward to continuing this work full-steam ahead.""As part of the Solution Session, three awards were presented to leaders who embody the mission of MBK, and who are active members in promoting and advancing the work of MBK.The awardees included:""President Obama said during the launch of My Brother's Keeper in May of 2015, ""There's nothing, not a single thing, that's more important to the future of America than whether or not...young people all across this country can achieve their dreams."" Driven by the exemplary leadership of Mayor Marty Walsh and others , My Brother's Keeper Boston is truly impacting the next generation of leaders,"" said MBK Alliance Board Chair Broderick Johnson. ""Together we must continue to raise our voices - regardless of race, ideology, geography, or socio-economic status - to expand opportunities for boys and young men of color all across the United States.""In addition, Mayor Walsh announced the establishment of the MBK Boston Advisory Board to support and implement activities and initiatives of MBK Boston, and named 16 members to serve on the board. Members of the Advisory Board will serve an initial term of two years, and can be reappointed after the initial term at the discretion of the MBK Boston Director. The newly appointed members include:Earlier in the day, a Youth Pre-Solution Session was hosted at the Jeremiah E. Burke High School involving Broderick Johnson, MBK Boston Director Conan Harris and 20 students from the Burke School in a facilitated discussion for participants to share progress, accomplishments and the future direction of MBK.Mayor Walsh launched MBK Boston in September 2014, accepting President Barack Obama's MBK Community Challenge as part of theWhite House My Brother's Keeper (MBK) initiativeto create positive pathways for youth, especially boys and young men of color. The focus on MBK Boston, as identified through its local action plan, is to support young men of color in graduating from high school ready for college and career successfully enter the workforce and reduce youth violence, including providing second chances.Since it was first established, MBK Boston has:For more information, please visithere."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, in partnership with the Boston Cultural Council, today announced the City's first-ever Artist Fellowship Award pilot program designed to invest in the advancement of artists living in Boston. The City of Boston will offer five fellowship awards in 2017, each worth $10,000, to recognize exceptional original artistic work through the City, helping recipients advance their careers and continue their work in Boston.""When we launched the Boston Creates Cultural Plan, we talked about what it will take to keep artists in Boston, and we committed to investing in individual artists,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Artist Fellowship Award recognizes that artists offer an essential contribution to our City and will provide them with the resources necessary to dedicate their time to continuing to create high quality work.""Awards will be distributed across artistic disciplines to artists from a diverse range of backgrounds who live and work in different neighborhoods throughout the City. Throughout the one-year fellowship, recipients will collaborate with the City of Boston on an event to showcase their individual work. In addition, recipients will receive professional development support, mentorship specialized to their needs and collaborative support from the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture. ""Boston has a deep community of talented artists who have been creating extraordinary work,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""The Boston Creates Cultural Plan has allowed us to provide artists with additional support. The Artist Fellowship Award will help artists to grow and develop their careers while reinforcing their importance to the city.""The Artist Fellowship Award is open to all individual artists who work professionally in art disciplines. The application is available in six languages, including English, Cape Verdean Creole, Chinese, Haitian Creole, Spanish and Vietnamese. The applicant must be a City of Boston resident and must maintain residency through the year of fellowship. The artist must have lived in Boston for at least three years before applying and must be able to illustrate at least three years of experience creating art. An applicant cannot be enrolled in a degree program when applying for the Artist Fellowship Award and during the year of fellowship. The Artist Fellowship Award is an unrestricted award that can be used for expenses at the discretion of the recipient, providing the support they need to be able to continue their work.Applications for the Artist Fellowship Award are now available and will be accepted throughJuly 10, 2017. All application will be reviewed by a panel of jurors from the Boston Cultural Council. Award recipients will be announced in late summer.For more information and to apply,click here.About the Boston Cultural Council (BCC)The Boston Cultural Council, under the umbrella of the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, annually distributes funds allocated by the City of Boston and the Massachusetts Cultural Council, a state agency, to support innovative arts, humanities and interpretive sciences programming that enhances the quality of life in our city. For more information, please visithere.Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading the City's Cultural Plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program (BostonAIR) curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information go to:www.boston.gov/artsAbout the Boston Creates Cultural PlanThe cultural plan is a ten-year plan for supporting arts and culture in the City of Boston. It was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen Boston's cultural vitality over the long term. The full cultural plan can be found online athttp://plan.bostoncreates.org."
Withdrawing the U.S. from the Paris climate agreement isn't just a setback, it's irresponsible. This damages our nation's reputation as an international leader and puts future generations at risk to the threat of climate change. Boston will not standby given what's at stake.We are committed to addressing climate change head on and will accelerate Boston's efforts to become carbon neutral by 2050. Fighting climate change means fighting for all those affected by worsening air quality, extreme heat, eroding coastlines -- issues that will continue to impact residents for generations to come.As Mayor, I will continue to work with U.S. Mayors and cities around the world to uphold the tenets of the Paris climate agreement and protect Boston against the very real impacts of climate change.Mayor Walsh is a member ofClimate Mayors(Mayors National Climate Action Agenda or MNCAA), a network of 87 U.S. mayors representing over 42 million Americans -- working together to strengthen local efforts for reducing greenhouse gas emissions and supporting efforts for binding federal and global-level policy making. Climate Mayors recently released anopen letter to President Trumpto oppose his actions thus far against climate action. In January,30 Climate Mayorsissued an EV RFIto show automakers and manufacturers that 114,000 of their cities' cars and trucks could be electrified.Mayor Walsh is also North American Vice Chair of theC40 Cities Climate Leadership Group, an international network of the world's major cities addressing climate change.
Boston Public Library is free to all and an inclusive community, and our celebration of Pride Month reflects these essential founding principles that we honor not only in June, but each and every day, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library.We Are Pride is a curated list by Boston Public Library staff of recent books for all ages concerning the diverse experiences of the LGBTQ+ community. The list features fiction and nonfiction, and the categories biography/memoir, expressions, and romance and erotica, in addition to recommended titles for children and teens.Events include ascreening of Boys in the Band, followed by a discussion with Matt Bell and Michael Bronski, and workshops, film festivals, drag queen story times, and performances by The Pineapple Project. Additionally, continuing its annual tradition in support of Pride Month, the Central Library in Copley Square will fly its Pride flags for the month of June from the historic McKim building.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
Marys execution is one story in a larger narrative of frequent religious clashes in Boston's early days.Her death is often linked to the easing of anti-Quaker laws in Boston.Mary Dyer was born in England and emigrated to Boston with her husband in about 1635. The Dyers, like many others emigrating to Boston, were fleeing religious persecutionin England. Shortly after arriving in the Massachusetts Bay Colony, the Dyers joined the church in Boston. Less than a year later, the Dyers became embroiled in a theological controversy called antinomianism. This controversy engulfed the Boston church between 1636 and 1638 and tore it apart. Boston's leaders took dissenting community members to trial for their beliefs. But, dissenters typically refused to change their convictions.In the midst of the controversy, Marygave birth to a severely deformed stillborn child. Common cultural beliefs of the time held that physical deformities indicated spiritual unfitness. Boston's church leaders exhumed her child's grave. They declared the child's deformities both a sign and result of Mary's deformed religious beliefs.Shortly after the exhumation, the Dyers left Boston for Rhode Island with other antinomians. These included Anne Hutchinson and John Wheelwright. In the early 1650s, Mary Dyer returned to England where she was introduced to the Society of Friends. They were widely known as the Quakers. She became a devoted Quaker, committed to spreading her new found spirituality.Bostons Puritan establishment did not tolerate Quaker proselytism. When Dyer returned to Boston in 1657, she was immediately imprisoned. Dyer was then banished for both her Quaker beliefs and her attempts to spread her beliefs to others.Dyer defied the banishment order. She returned to Boston with the intention of spreading her religion. She was again banished, and threatened with execution if she returned. Dyer broke the banishment order a third time. Shetraveled to Boston in October of 1659 where she was immediately sentenced to death. However, on the date of her execution, she was pulled from the gallows and given a reprieve. She left Boston, but returned again in the spring of 1660. She was again sentenced to execution, and this time,did not receive a reprieve.On the day of her execution, Mary was given a chance to recant her beliefs and escape execution. She stated, Nay, I cannot for in obedience to the will of the Lord God I came, and in his will I abide faithful to the death.Quaker sculptor Sylvia Shaw Judson created the bronze statueof Mary Dyerseen above. The statue stands in front of the Massachusetts State House, and was photographed by Peter Dyer in 1976.
"For the fourth year in a row, youth ages 12-25 in Boston have a chance to vote how the City of Boston spends $1 million dollars of the Capital Budget through the ""Youth Lead the Change"" participatory budgeting process. FromFriday, June 2 through Friday, June 16voting stations will be set up at locations across the City so votes can be collected.""By involving young people in this process we are cultivating a generation of Boston youth who are passionate about their City and have the opportunity to shape its future,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""Young people are working together, polling their peers, and addressing the issues that matter most to them.""Youth Lead the Change (YLC) is managed by Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Division of Youth Engagement & Employment in close collaboration with a steering committee comprised of community and youth serving organizations. The Mayor's Youth Council partnered with youth organizations to write the rules and oversee the implementation of the process. Voting polls will be located at local train stations, youth centers and school buildings for the city-wide vote. See the listhere. Last year nearly 5,000 eligible votes came in from Boston's youngest populations. A special emphasis is placed on engaging LGBTQ youth, homeless youth, undocumented residents and court or gang involved youth.Current projects youth will vote on are:Past projects selected for funding have included expanding Wicked Free WiFi, installing water bottle refilling stations at parks and placing newer trash cans and recycling bins in select neighborhoods.About Boston Centers for Youth and FamiliesBoston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Boston's largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayor's Summer Jobs Program."
Boston Public Librarys June events feature yoga teacher and author Jessamyn Stanley, local writer Michael Patrick MacDonald, book sales, and more:Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
Special events taking place in the City of Boston from Friday, June 2, through Sunday, June 4, 2017, will impact traffic and parking. Those attending the events are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to travel around Boston.The Adidas Boston Boost Games will take place on Charles Street, between Boylston Street and Beacon Street. This section of Charles Street will be closed to general traffic from Friday, June 2, at 10 p.m. until Monday, June 5, at 11 a.m. Boylston Street, north side, from Arlington Street to Charles Street will also be closed during the same time period to accommodate the event.Parking will be prohibited for the duration of the Games at the following locations.An anticipated 7,000 people will participate in the AIDS Walk. The walk will begin at 10 a.m. and is anticipated to be completed by approximately 2 p.m. The route is from the Hatch Shell, right onto Beacon Street, left onto Arlington Street, right onto Commonwealth Avenue, under the overpass at Massachusetts Avenue, through Kenmore Square, right onto Commonwealth Avenue, right over the BU Bridge, right onto Memorial Drive, right onto Massachusetts Avenue, over the Massachusetts Avenue Bridge to the Esplanade heading, ending at the Hatch Shell.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 5 a.m. to 1 p.m. temporary parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Dorchester Day Parade will begin at 1 p.m.on Dorchester Avenue at Lower Mills, Richmond Street and Washington Street. The parade will travel on Dorchester Avenue from Adams Street to Columbia Road, and is expected to be completed by 4 p.m. The parade route will be closed to traffic during the event.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday, 12 Noon to 8 PM temporary parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Post parade festivities will require the following streets to be closed to traffic from 12 p.m. (noon) to 8 p.m. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 12 Noon to 8 PM temporary parking restrictions will be in effect on both sides of these streets as well.The Project D.E.E.P. 5k Road Race will begin at 12 Noon at the Blarney Stone, #1509 Dorchester Avenue. Up to 300 runners will proceed on Dorchester Avenue outbound to Lower Mills, turn around just before Mother Julia Road in Lower Mills, and return to the Blarney Stone. Traffic will be delayed at intersections as the runners pass through.The Corrib Classic 5K Road Race will begin at 12 Noon at Billings Field, at the intersection of Lagrange and Centre Streets, West Roxbury. An estimated 2,500 runners will proceed from Lagrange Street, right onto West Roxbury Parkway, right onto Corey Street, left onto Weld Street, right onto Maple Street, right onto Centre Street, left onto Bellevue Street, right onto Howitt Street, right onto Lagrange Street, back to Billings Field. Traffic will be delayed at intersections as the runners pass through.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) and the City of Boston's Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) have entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with WiredScore that will ensure that future residential and commercial developments strive to serve the broadband needs of Boston's residents and businesses. The MOU will add the Broadband Ready Building Questionnaire into Article 80, the BPDA's review process relating to new projects, planned development areas and institutional master plans to assess a project's impact on transportation, public realm, environment and historic resources and gather public input.""In order for Boston to be an innovative and equitable city for all, we must ensure that all of our residents and businesses have access to reliable, fast, and, affordable broadband service,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud of our nation-leading work with WiredScore, which will lead to further success in creating a city committed to advancing broadband and digital equity goals.""The City of Boston is the first city to work with WiredScore to integrate the technical principles of broadband ready building design into the real estate development process. WiredScore is the company behind Wired Certification, the first and only international rating system for commercial real estate that allows businesses looking for office space to easily find best-in-class connected buildings. It also empowers landlords to promote their buildings' internet connectivity and infrastructure to tenants. Internet connectivity is rapidly becoming one of the most important utilities to business tenants and Wired Certification provides those tenants with crucial insight into connectivity as their requirements become more complex. Designing to Wired Certification standards ensures a new or re-development is tech-forward and ready for the next generation of business tenants.""The Broadband Ready Building Questionnaire signifies the BPDA's recognition that connectivity must be a critical consideration for any new development,"" said Arie Barendrecht, founder and CEO of WiredScore. ""By advocating for superior technological infrastructure in the development process, the City of Boston is further positioning itself as a sought-after destination for any innovative business dependent on high-speed, reliable broadband.""The Broadband Ready Building Questionnaire furthers the City of Boston's goals to cultivate a broadband ecosystem that serves the current and future connectivity needs of residents, businesses, and institutions. Departments across the City are working to streamline and otherwise adapt existing policies and processes to enable private investment in broadband infrastructure, expand broadband competition and choice for residents and businesses, and create a built environment that is equipped to support a diverse range of connectivity purposes now and in the future.The questionnaire was created through a collaboration process including the BPDA, the City of Boston, DoIT, and WiredScore. It will enable the BPDA and the City to:The Broadband Ready Building Questionnaire aligns with Wired Certification criteria, which enables the BPDA to mirror industry standard language and integrate industry best practices for developers.Over 900 buildings, totaling more than 350 million square feet globally, have achieved Wired Certification designations., The Wired Certification criteria will allow the City to understand how Boston's broadband-ready building stock compares to that of other cities across the country and world.By including the questionnaire in Article 80 filings, the BPDA will not require that developers pursue Wired Certification. If developers determine that they would like to pursue Wired Certification for their building, the developer will enter into a relationship with WiredScore that is separate and apart from the City's integration of the themes of Wired Certification into the broadband questions posed in the Article 80 Design Review process. At this time, the questions will not be used as a regulatory tool.The City of Boston's Broadband and Digital Equity efforts improve access to affordable and reliable high speed Internet for households and businesses, expand the availability of high speed Internet in public places, and facilitate ease of access to up-to-date digital tools. Enabling a more competitive broadband marketplace is at the cornerstone of the City's work to ensure that households and businesses can choose among a range of high quality, affordable high speed Internet options.WiredScore is rapidly growing its presence in Boston and has already certified over 20 million square feet of office in the Boston Metro area for landlords including Jumbo Capital, National Development, Jamestown, Beacon Capital, TH Realty (FKA TIAA) and Alexandria Real Estate Equities.""As we expand our portfolio into downtown Boston, we've seen significant value in ensuring that our properties are technologically equipped to serve the companies of tomorrow,"" said Jay O. Hirsh, Managing Partner of Jumbo Capital Management LLC. ""We're pleased that WiredScore and the BPDA have partnered to further advocate for top-notch connectivity throughout the city, which is sure to make Boston an even more attractive destination for businesses for generations to come. We are proud to announce that we are pursuing Wired Certification for nine office properties in the Greater Boston Area.""Wired Certification is available for existing commercial buildings, new constructions, and redevelopments. The newly released Wired Certification Guidelines for Commercial Developments and Redevelopments is a free telecom design resource available to developers, architects and engineers. The Wired Certification standards were developed in collaboration with the New York City Economic Development Corporation and an Advisory Committee consisting of leaders from tech, telecom and real estate including Google Fiber, Cisco, eBay, Time Warner Cable, Rudin Management, and WSP / Parson Brinkerhoff. and the Telecommunications Industry Association. "
"Governor Charlie Baker and Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launched a new college affordability pilot program for Boston high school graduates, which will enable low-income students to complete a four-year degree without having to pay tuition and mandatory fees.The new pilot program, known as The Boston Bridge, will be open to all 2017 high school graduates who live in the City of Boston, including students from Boston Public School, charters and parochial schools.The City of Boston and the Commonwealth together will cover students tuition and fees, after taking into account federal Pell grants, from the time a student enters community college to when they graduate from a four-year public college or university.The new tuition-free college program builds on the City of Bostons Tuition Free Community College initiative, and the states Commonwealth Commitment, both launched in the spring of 2016. The Citys Tuition Free Community College program currently provides free tuition to low-income BPS graduates who attend Bunker Hill Community College, Mass Bay Community College or Roxbury Community College. The Commonwealth Commitment offers deeply discounted tuition and fees to Massachusetts residents who earn a Bachelors degree at any public four-year institution after first earning an Associates degree at any one of the states community colleges, while maintaining a 3.0 grade point average and graduating within four-and-a-half years. Through this partnership, students from Boston who qualify to participate in the Commonwealth Commitment will not have to pay tuition or mandatory fees to earn their Bachelors degrees.College affordability too often serves as a barrier for students in the Commonwealth seeking to complete a degree, and this program is intended to provide more opportunities for a quality education,Governor Baker said.We are pleased to partner with the City of Boston on this important pilot and will keep pursuing ways, like the Commonwealth Commitment, to create a runway for all students to get a quality and affordable education that can unlock a bright future.College students who go to school full-time in Massachusetts earn degrees at more than twice the rate of their peers who go part-time, according to the National Student Clearinghouse Center. Nationally, fewer than 20 percent of Pell-eligible college students earn a bachelors degreewithin six years, and for first-generation college-goers, the number falls to 11 percent, according to the Pell Institute.This is an exciting partnership between the City of Boston and the Commonwealth that we hope will change the lives of many Boston high school graduates,Lt. Governor Karyn Polito said.Since launching our program in 2016, we have helped fifty Boston Public Schools graduates attend community college,Mayor Walsh said.As we come up on the end of the second semester, 94% of those students are on track to finish the first year and 73% have earned transferable credits. We are also pleased that 16 of our students are from Madison Park Technical Vocational High School. This partnership means that a free bachelors degree is within reach for all of Bostons low-income high school students.Eligible students must meet federal Pell grant income standards to qualify for the tuition-free program, and must enroll full-time at either Bunker Hill Community College, Roxbury Community College, or Mass Bay Community College. They will be required to complete their associates degree within two-and-a half years, before transferring to a Massachusetts public college or state university.We hope this college affordability program will create a powerful incentive for more students to attend college full-time and complete on-time,Education Secretary James Peyser said.The Baker-Polito Administration is very pleased to partner with Mayor Walsh to offer this program for all low-income Boston high school graduates.We built The Boston Bridge to take students all the way from high school to college commencement,said Commissioner of Higher Education Carlos Santiago.Our message to students is clear  If you commit the time and do the work, well be beside you every step of the way to help you complete your college journey while avoiding burdensome debt.""Our core mission at the Boston Public Schools is closing opportunity and achievements gaps,Superintendent Tommy Chang said.Expanding this program will help ensure that this crucial effort extends well beyond our schools. By providing our most underserved students access to a debt-free college education, we are opening up doors that might have been closed to them due to the heavy financial burdens of getting a four-year degree.Students who enroll in The Boston Bridge must major in one of the Mass Transfer pathways, which ensures that credits earned in any community college are accepted at any public four-year institution.While students attend community college, the City of Boston will cover the costs for tuition and mandatory fees, after taking into account Pell grants and discounts and credits from the Commonwealth Commitment program. Once a student earns an associate degree, they can transfer to a Massachusetts public college or university to complete their bachelors degreewithin two years. While they are enrolled in a public four-year institution, the City and the Commonwealth together will cover the costs for tuition and mandatory fees, excluding room and board.Importantly, The Boston Bridge will also leverage the resources of the Success Boston College Completion Initiative, which supports students in getting to and through college by engaging a network of non-profit and business partners to coach, mentor, and employ thousands of first-generation college-goers. According to a recent study by Abt Associates, Success Boston has helped to raise the college completion rates of BPS graduates to over 50 percent.Background:City of Boston Tuition Free Community College (TFCC):In April 2016, Mayor Walshs office launched Tuition Free Community College for Boston Public School students. It is run through the Mayors Office of Workforce Development, with support from the Citys Neighborhood Jobs Trust.Tuition Free Community College pays for up to three years of tuition and mandatory fees for income-eligible graduates of Boston Public Schools. Students can attend Roxbury, Bunker Hill and Mass Bay community colleges.As of March 2017, 50 students were enrolled in TFCC, with 94% completing their first semester of community college. Of that group, 73% earned college credits they can transfer to a four-year institution.Commonwealth Commitment:In the spring of 2016, the Baker-Polito Administration launched Commonwealth Commitment, providing community college graduates who transfer to a state college or university discounts, rebates, and a freeze on all mandatory student charges. Students who complete their bachelors degree within 4 12 years, while maintaining a 3.0 GPA, can see a savings of 40% or more on the typical sticker price for a four-year degree. As of April 2017, 80 students statewide are enrolled in Commonwealth Commitment."
The Boston Transportation Department (BTD), the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM),) and the Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) today announced the implementation of a second demand-responsive price change related to the City of Bostons Performance Parking Pilot Program. Effective Monday, June 5, the price of parking at a majority of meters in the South Boston Waterfront pilot area will stay at or drop to $1.00 an hour. Approximately 530 metered parking spaces on 40 blocks are located within the South Boston Waterfront pilot area.This rate change is based on sensor data that allows the City to monitor average occupancy per meter space and block. The minimum price is $1 per hour, and the maximum price is $2.50 per hour during this phase of the pilot program. Prices vary by four time bands (weekdays 8 a.m. - 12 p.m. 12 p.m. - 4 p.m. 4 p.m. - 8 p.m. and all day Saturday.) Prices are posted on meters and are available in a searchable map online. Parking at meters is free on Sundays in the City of Boston.Conveniently located, short-term parking is offered at 8,000 metered spaces in Boston, said Boston Transportation Department Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. Data gained from this initiative is helping us to understand how our inventory of metered parking spaces can best be managed. This innovative pilot program is working to assist BTD in our efforts to provide drivers the opportunity to easily find on-street spaces for their short-term parking needs in Boston.During the South Boston Waterfront pilot, prices are being adjusted every two months and remain consistent in two-month increments. Prices will stabilize when occupancy reaches the target of about one space open per block. This is the second pricing change during the pilot program which began in January and will run through the end of 2017. Just as with the first dynamic price change made in April, a majority of the total meter hours in any given week will drop to or stay at $1.00 per hour. Blocks priced at $1 should be the easiest blocks to find a parking space. Twenty percent of meter hours in the pilot area will increase from $2 to $2.50 per hour and the rate at thirty percent of meter hours will be either $1.50 or $2 per hour.Pricing parking on each block in a way that makes finding an available parking space easier on all blocks is a goal of the South Boston Waterfront pilot program. The rate changes demonstrate that it is easier to find parking on some blocks at different times of day. Frequent visitors to the South Boston Waterfront are encouraged to check the meter rates posted on the Boston.gov website to determine less expensive blocks to park on.The performance parking pilot program also includes a fixed price change from $1.25 to $3.75 per hour at parking meters in the Back Bay. Maps with detailed boundaries and prices of the two pilot areas can be found on Boston.gov. Parking prices are also posted on meters as well as on the City's Park Boston app. Residents are encouraged to share feedback on the pilot through performanceparking@boston.gov.
Were excited to share that Mayor Walsh has dedicated anotherone million dollars to Vision Zeroin the FY18 budget. This money has been set aside specifically for the Neighborhood Slow Streets program. We will choose 5 new neighborhoods, rather than the 2-3 wed anticipated.Thank you to everyone who has been patiently waiting for us to announce which neighborhoods will be joining the program. We hoped to be able to share more information this month, but, were not quite ready to do so. Were now aiming for mid-June. Thank you again for your patience as we finish up the evaluation process and prepare to share information with you.We are also working to bring our 2 pilot communities into construction this summer. Well continue to provide updates as they become available.
Boston is an official port of the Rendez-Vous 2017 Tall Ships Regatta. The trans-Atlantic regatta will start in Royal Greenwich, UK. From there the fleet will race to Sines, Portugal, followed by Bermuda. The fleet will then race to Boston, for Sail Boston 2017. From Boston, the fleet will cruise in company north to Quebec City, Canada.
Boston Public Library is extremely grateful to our sponsor Deloitte for their support of this beloved new summertime tradition that will once again fill the courtyard with spirited music for the enjoyment of all, said Michael Colford, Boston Public Librarys Director of Library Services.Concerts will be moved to the newly renovated Rabb Hall in the event of inclement weather. Concerts in the Courtyard are generously supported by Deloitte.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
After the Civil War, local veterans organizations in both the North and Southbegan decorating the graves of fallen soldiers. In 1868, General John Logan, of the Grand Army of the Republic, the veterans organization of the Union Army, called for a national Decoration Day. This day would be dedicated to honoringdeceased soldiers. May 30 was chosen because flowers were in bloom, making it easy to decorate soldiers graves.Veterans organizations were an important part of American cultural and political life following the Civil War. More than threemillion men enlisted and fought in the Civil War. Veterans organizations provided emotional support and camaraderie for veterans. They also advocated for beneficial legislation and policies, such as soldiers' pensions. In Massachusetts, veterans of the Union Army joined the Grand Army of the Republic (GAR), which had posts in almost every Massachusetts town. You can see sample pages from the 1892 directory of the GAR above.In Boston, the GAR took the lead in organizing Memorial Day activities. At the City Archives, our files about Memorial Day document the GARs heavy involvement in organizing Memorial Day commemorations. This 1889 letter, for example, invited Bostons Mayor and City Council to Memorial Day commemorations at Forest Hills Cemetery and the Thomas Stevenson Post.How will you commemorate Memorial Day this year?
Special events taking place in the City of Boston this Memorial Day weekend will impact traffic and parking. Those attending the festivities are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is also a great way to move around the City of Boston.The Massachusetts Fallen Heroes Memorial will take place from 8 a.m. - 3 p.m.Traffic will be prohibited on Northern Avenue from Fan Pier Boulevard to Seaport Boulevard.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday and Saturday restrictions will be in effect at the following location to accommodate set up on Friday and the event on Saturday.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday will be in effect at the following location.An estimated 10,000 people will gather in front of the World Trade Center for Bostons Run to Remember beginning at 7 a.m.on Seaport Boulevard. The route is Seaport Boulevard, right onto Atlantic Avenue, left onto State Street, right onto Congress Street, left onto New Chardon Street, right onto Cambridge Street, left onto Charles Street, right onto Beacon Street, right onto Massachusetts Avenue, leaving the City of Boston into the City of Cambridge, returning to the City of Boston on Massachusetts Avenue, left onto Beacon Street, right onto Arlington Street, left onto Boylston Street, left onto Washington Street, right onto State Street, right onto Congress Street, right onto Franklin Street, left onto Federal Street, left onto High Street, right onto Congress Street, left onto Atlantic Avenue, right onto Seaport Boulevard.Streets along the route are expected to be closed to traffic from 7 a.m. - 11 a.m.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 6 a.m. - 12 p.m. parking restrictions will be in effect at the following locations.The Memorial Day Parade will begin at the McKeon Post, #4 Hilltop Street in Dorchester, at 10 AM. An estimated 250 marchers will proceed from Hilltop Street, turning right onto St. Brendans Road, left onto Milton Street, right onto Granite Avenue, left onto Gallivan Boulevard, left onto Adams Street, to Cedar Grove Cemetery. Traffic will be delayed as the procession moves along the route.
The Analyze Boston team left no stone unturned as we set out to democratize access to the Citys data. We met with open data enthusiasts, spoke with average residents at bus stops, and hosted pop-ups at local libraries to understand how Boston perceives open data.As part of this effort, we hosted summits to communicate the value of open data to the Citys new Data Coordinators. The first Data Coordinator Summit took place at the Boston Public Library in March 2016. The summits helped us realize the importance of effective licensing to broaden the value of open data in Boston.One of our first presenters was Jake, from a mapping company in Boston called Mapkin. Jake's company leveragesopen data to provide hyper-localized directions to users. His demo and presentation intrigued the audience, but it was his closing remarks that stuck with us. Jake asked the City to clearly designate license terms for data it publishes. If they did this, software companies like his could easily use and build software with open data. As Jake explained, the worst case scenario is to build a civic tech product that cannot be used due to restrictive or incompatible licenses.We took this feedback to heart. We assessed the Citys earlier licensing efforts and set goals for Boston's next generation open data platform. We wanted to set data licensing terms that were:After a period of review, we realized our existing open data licenses didn't meet our new goals. We published datasets with varying license terms. Sometimes, datasets lacked licensing information altogether, creating confusion for our users. We knew we needed a new approach. Thankfully, we were able to enlist the aid of Harvard Law Schools Cyberlaw Clinic. Students from the clinic helped us evaluate options and figure out our next steps. Over the fall of 2016, we settled on the Open Data Commons Public Domain Dedication and License (PDDL). We believe this license best achieves the goals we set forth.Before we could choose a new license, we had to settle a foundational legal question:Does the City of Boston have copyrights over its data?This remains an open question for most governments. In Massachusetts, the Secretary of the Commonwealth instructs that records created by Massachusetts government agencies [...] are not copyrighted and are available for public use. It is unclear whether this opinion extends to sub-state entities like the City of Boston. Massachusetts Public Records Law further restricts the Citys rights in datasets and its ability to place terms on the use of itsdatasets. Moreover, datasets are made of facts, and facts are not copyrightable. Extensive research did not reveal any Massachusetts case law on the issue. A California court ruling concluded that public records laws mean you can't copyright public records. The same ruling said that forcing people to agree to terms is incompatible to the purpose of public records laws: promoting government transparency.It did not appear that Boston had any clear right to place restrictions on the data, and we also wanted to drive innovation by putting up as few barriers as possible.That meant we needed a license that would make the data as open as possible. Our initial Open Data Policy had required users to credit us if they used our data, but we later realized that getting people to use our data is more important. As DataSF explained when they selected PDDL for their open data, If you note us as a source, thats awesome, but gosh, dont mess up your UI doing it. In other words: we appreciate getting credit, but would rather go without it than get in users' way.We identified the following two licenses as suitable options:Open data programs across the country already use both licenses. They are easy to interpret, and can be used in conjunction with other datasets and licenses. We selected PDDL for two reasons:The PDDL license is now the default for all datasets published by the City on Analyze Boston.We hope that this will foster a vibrant community of open data in Boston. To do this, we want to make it easy for our data to be used by both companies and individuals without worrying about the legal fine print, and we believe the choice to switch to public domain licensing will help achieve that goal.If you have any feedback about our data licensing or anything else, let us know via this simple form.This post was written by Ben Green.Benis a Data Analytics Fellow for the City of Bostons Analytics Team.He is also a PhD Candidate in Applied Math at the Harvard School of Engineering and AppliedSciences and a Fellow at the Berkman Klein Center for Internet and Society, where he studies the intersections of data science with law, policy, and social science.
Please join Boston Centers for Youth & Families, the City of Bostons Public Facilities Department, and the Mayors Office of Neighborhood Services for a community meeting about the latest updates to the BCYF Vine Street Community Center renovations on Wednesday, June 14, at 6 p.m.The BCYF Vine Street Community Center in Roxbury will close for renovations in the fall. The Walsh Administration's multimillion dollar investment will allow the center to receive the repairs and upgrades necessary to offer many additional resources to the Roxbury neighborhood. Upgrades will include renovating and reconfiguring all interior spaces, adding a fitness center, expanding the teen center, improving access to the center, adding air conditioning to the gym and more. The project is expected to take 12 months.During the renovation, current BCYF Vine Street Community Center members are welcome at nearby BCYF community centers. We have a list of community centers online.The meeting will be held at BCYF Vine Street Community Center, 339 Dudley Street, Roxbury.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayors Summer Jobs Program.
The Fugitive Slave Act of 1850, part of the Compromise of 1850, stated that all escaped enslaved people had to be returned to their owners and that all free states had to abide by this law. In Boston, federal authorities tested this new lawin 1854 with the arrest of Anthony Burns.Anthony Burns wasborn into slavery in Virginia. In 1853, he escaped to Boston, where he found work first at a pie company, and later at a clothing dealer. Shortly after arriving in Boston, Burns wrote a letter to his brother. The letter was intercepted by his owner Charles F. Suttle, who then traveled north to lay claim to Burns. After federal marshals captured Burns on May 24, Burnss case went to federal court.The trialled many Bostonians to question and protest the Fugitive Slave Act. The City erupted in protests against slavery in general and Burns's case in particular. A few days after Burns's arrest,abolitionists attempted to free him, using a battering ram to try to break into the federal courthouse. After this incidentand other protests, the City was put under martial law. The documents pictured belowgive us a rough idea of the money and resourcesthe government neededfor the cavalry, troops, and ammunition needed to controlthe protesters.On June 2, 1854, federal authorities escorted Burns to the ship that would return him to an enslaved life in Virginia. Thousands of Bostonians who opposed slavery lined the streets, booing, and hissing as the authorities took Burns to the ship.After Burns'sreturn to Virginia, the Twelfth Baptist Church in Roxbury raised money to free Anthony Burns. On February 22, 1855, a year after the trial, he returned to Massachusetts as a free man. He went on to study at Oberlin College and later became a Baptist preacher in Canada.
The BCYF Gallivan Community Center, in the heart of the Gallivan Boulevard Housing Development in Mattapan, will close for renovation on Sunday, July 2. The $3 million dollar project, funded through the Citys Capital Plan, will allow the center to receive the repairs and upgrades necessary to improve the center and offer additional resources to the Mattapan community. The center will stay open through the annual Unity Day on July 1.Upgrades will include replacing the roof and gym floor, installing air conditioning in the gymnasium, upgrading the fire alarm system and emergency lighting, and upgrading power outlets and select lighting.All BCYF Gallivan summer programming will move to the BCYF Mattahunt Community Center, 100 Hebron Street in Mattapan. BCYF Gallivan Community Center memberships will be honored at any BCYF community center during the renovation. You can view ourlist of BCYF centersonline.This facility is very important to the community it serves and the residents rely heavily on the community center for services. The capital project will result in a facility that the users deserve. Additional improvements during the renovation are planned for the bathrooms, the parking lot, and the exterior facade.The project is expected to be done within 12 months. For updates on the progress of the renovations, follow @BCYFCenters, like BCYFBoston, or e-mail BCYF@Boston.gov.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayors Summer Jobs Program.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston's Elderly Commission today launched the City's first-ever Age-Friendly Boston Action Plan, the City's blueprint to make Boston the best city and place to live for older adults within three years. The 75 action items in the plan were developed through 25 listening sessions, featuring engagement from over 4,000 older residents throughout Boston. Developed in partnership with AARP, the Tufts Health Plan Foundation and UMass Boston, the plan was released today at the Thelma Burns Building in ABCD Roxbury.""Older Bostonians are the fastest growing segment of Boston's population, and we're focused on making Boston as friendly and inclusive as possible to residents aging in our City,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This action plan represents Boston's commitment to working with the community, identifying concerns, and providing real, impactful solutions.""In 2014, Mayor Walsh signed onto the World Health Organization's (WHO) network of Age-Friendly Cities, through their United States partner AARP, and launched the Age-Friendly Boston Initiative. The first phase of the initiative focused on gathering input from older adults about the strengths and weaknesses of growing older in Boston, and this new Action Plan is the result the two year community engagement, data analysis and collaboration process.Under Mayor Walsh's leadership, the Elderly Commission formed a partnership with UMass Boston Gerontology Institute, supported by a grant from the Tufts Health Plan Foundation, to conduct research based on the guidelines set forth by the WHO. Grounded in community feedback, the plan identifies recommendations and action items the City will take to enhance the quality of life for Boston's older adult residents.The Age-Friendly Boston Action Plan is organized around eight key life domains, or main concerns, and today's release marks the start of the plan's implementation.Action Item Highlights Include:""We are very proud to have been part of a process that will help Boston adapt to an aging population, a dramatic demographic shift that will affect every city in America in the near future,"" said Jan Mutchler, Director of the Center for Social and Demographic Research on Aging at UMass Boston. ""The city's action plan responds to the needs of the community and will help make Boston a leader in the age-friendly movement.""""This action plan honors the voice of community and the rich diversity of Boston's neighborhoods,"" said Nora Moreno Cargie, president of Tufts Health Plan Foundation and vice president for corporate citizenship at Tufts Health Plan. ""Throughout its process, the City of Boston has been an active listener and envisions communities that are relevant to our changing demographics. Boston will be more accessible, healthier, and age-friendly as the City moves toward implementation of the Plan.""Mike Festa, AARP Massachusetts Director, said, ""There is a pressing need to create livable communities for people of all ages. In less than 15 years, one out of every five people in the country will be 65 or older, a demographic shift that will be felt in every community. The City of Boston's Age-Friendly Action Plan can provide a model to inspire even more creativity and sharing of best practices to spur innovation in making all communities great places for people of all ages.""The complete Age-Friendly Boston Action Plan and Fact Sheet is available at: www.boston.gov/age-friendly.About Age-Friendly CitiesThe guiding principle of an Age-Friendly society focuses on designing livable communities that promote good health, strong civic participation and clear communication. That means safe, walkable streets offering better housing and transportation options improving access to key services and providing opportunities to be socially engaged. It means sustaining economic growth and enabling happier, healthier residents.About the Elderly Commission The Elderly Commission facilitates full and equal participation in all aspects of life by older adults in Boston. The commission is dedicated to improving the lives of Boston's older adults by connecting them with resources and information, and it is focused on setting the City's direction for successful aging in Boston. Visit boston.gov for more information."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment today announced theCelebration of Summer IV: Donna Summer Roller Disco Partywill be held at City Hall Plaza onFriday, June 23. This family-friendly event is free and open to the public and will take place between6 p.m. and 10 p.m.Boston-born disco legend Donna Summer was a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, a five-time Grammy winner, and sold over 140 million records worldwide. She was born in Dorchester and was raised in Mission Hill before rising to stardom in the 1970s. She passed away at the age of 62 years old on May 17, 2012. This annual event honors her life and celebrates her music and legacy in Boston.""The Donna Summer Roller Disco Party kicks off summer at City Hall Plaza, and I'm pleased we're bringing back this celebration for the fourth consecutive year,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We provide fun, free, family events throughout the year, and this event is one of our most anticipated. I look forward to welcoming residents and visitors to City Hall Plaza next month.""Celebration of Summer IV will feature:""Donna Summer was not only a Bostonian through and through -- her music, spirit, and presence made her a national treasure and global icon,"" said event organizer Frankie Stavrianopoulos of Urban Legend Events. ""It is only fitting that we celebrate her, in our world class city during the season that bares her namesake in a fun uplifting and musical manner.""""I am so happy to be with you this year as we celebrate my sister for the 2017 Donna Summer Disco Party,"" said Mary Gaines Bernard. ""We're going to have so much fun and make many new memories. Remember to save the 'last dance' for me. I'll meet you under the disco ball!""In addition to music, City Hall Plaza will feature a roller-skating rink. If attendees don't have their own skates, the City of Boston will be providing free rentals on a first-come, first-serve basis. More information about the event can be found onboston.gov.For moresummer eventshosted by the City, visit theMayor's Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a partnership with the Hyams Foundation to launch a series of race dialogues in Boston neighborhoods, as a continuation of the work started to acknowledge systemic racism and work toward racial equity.The Hyams Foundation is a private, independent foundation dedicated to achieving economic, racial and social justice in Boston and Chelsea. Through this partnership, Hyams will lead efforts to engage local organizations, businesses, agencies and communities in a wide range of dialogues, programs and projects related to racial justice and equity across the Greater Boston community.""I am grateful to the Hyams Foundation for their partnership in the effort to bring these important conversations to every neighborhood in Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""When we hosted the first citywide race dialogue last November, we saw there was great interest for these conversations to take place, and also saw the healing power that comes with being open and honest about racism. As we continue our work in the city to close persistent racial gaps, I hope all residents will consider stepping forward to get involved in the conversation and help move us closer to racial equity.""""Boston is at a key moment: with increased economic development, a growing population that is becoming more diverse, and a new city-wide strategic plan, a huge opportunity exists to ensure all Bostonians are able to contribute to the city's vitality and growth,"" said Hyams Executive Director Dr. Jocelyn V. Sargent. ""We've seen dialogues around race happening locally and nationally over the last few years, but we've seen little progress in transforming these dialogues into action. It's time for us to walk the talk.""From June to December, each of Boston's neighborhoods, will hold a facilitated discussion on race, open to all Boston residents. Facilitators will be trained by experienced consultants, and will be provided with a common framework for conducting these dialogues. In addition, Hyams will serve as a resource for other sectors as they develop action plans and benchmarks to achieve racial equity.It is the hope that the launch of the neighborhood dialogues on racism will inspire community-based groups, philanthropic institutions, businesses, academic institutions, the health-care sector, faith-based organizations, youth groups, mass and social media who have made commitments to working across their fields to realize racial equity in Boston.Boston's focus on issues of racism and racial equity is linked with its membership in the 100 Resilient Cities Network (100RC), a project of the Rockefeller Foundation, which the City joined in December 2014. Through its partnership with 100RC, the City has hired its first Chief Resilience Officer, Dr. Atiya Martin, and formed the Mayor's Office of Resilience and Racial Equity.In November 2016, as part of that office's work, the City hosted""Boston Talks About Racism,""a public forum attended by over 600 residents, which served as the kick-off to a citywide conversation about racism. As part of the event, Mayor Walsh released""The Blueprint: A Preview of the Principles and Framework for Boston's Resilience Strategy,""a report outlining how racial equity lies at the heart of the forthcoming Resilience Strategy."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of anannual reportcompiled by the City's Commission for Persons with Disabilities, which outlines the City's work over the past year to increase equity for residents with disabilities. The report was presented as part of the seventh annual Community Forum on Disability Issues, which was attended by over 100 individuals with disabilities, caregivers and professionals in the disability field. Of these attendees, at least a third had never been to an event hosted by the Commission before.""It's important that City Hall and all spaces in the City of Boston are accessible and inclusive places for all residents and visitors,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I commend the Disability Commission, and all who contributed to the report, for their work to improve the lives of Bostonians."" ""It's important to keep the public informed about our ongoing work toward improving accessibility and inclusion in Boston for people with disabilities,"" said Boston Disability Commissioner Kristen McCosh. ""This report outlines all the progress we've made, and outlines how Boston will continue to advocate for all.""Improvement highlights include:""Along with the other members of the Disability Advisory Commission I have enjoyed collaborating with Mayor Walsh and Commissioner McCosh. It was key to have the full support of the administration as we worked to improve the city's many programs, services and activities for people of all abilities,"" said Carl Richardson, Acting Board Chair. ""We look forward to doing even more of this in the future, and I am personally very excited about our current projects, projects that will continue to provide access in Boston.""For more information please see the Commissions website atwww.boston.gov/disabilityor contact the Commission at617-635-3682ordisability@boston.gov. "
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined the Jamaica Plain Neighborhood Development Corporation (JPNDC) to celebrate the ribbon cutting for 75 Amory Avenue. The $16 million project is a 39-unit affordable transit-oriented rental development in the heart of Jackson Square.""I am proud the City of Boston has invested in the redevelopment of this formerly underutilized site to create units of affordable housing for families,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""Transit-oriented development is key to the success of our housing plan, and I want to thank our partners for working with us to build this new development that helps knits together the neighborhoods of Roxbury and Jamaica Plain.""The 75 Amory Avenue development is part of the $250 million Jackson Square Redevelopment Initiative, a master plan designed to transform more than eight acres of vacant land into a vibrant, mixed-use, environmentally sustainable, transit-oriented community. When completed, the Initiative will have created more than 300 homes, new office and retail space, a community plaza, and a major recreation and education facility. JPNDC is the lead developer of Jackson Square's Site III, where 75 Amory Avenue is located. Other members of Jackson Square Partners, The Community Builders and Urban Edge, are lead developers for Sites I and II, respectively.The ribbon cutting for 75 Amory Avenue completes the third new building in Jackson Square's redevelopment. Other buildings include 225 Centre, a 103-unit mixed-income development with ground-floor retail completed by The Community Builders in 2013. In addition, in 2015, Urban Edge opened Jackson Commons, a 37 unit mixed-income apartment building that includes office and community space.""Building by building, parcel by parcel, Jackson Square is transforming from a place people just passed through to a place where people live and visit,"" said JPNDC Executive Director Richard Thal. ""We're grateful for the tremendous support from Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston.""The affordability of 75 Amory Avenue includes eight units for households at or below 30 percent of the Area Median Income (AMI), eight units for households earning up to 50 percent of AMI, and 23 units for households earning up to 60 percent of AMI. Four units are fully accessible two are designated for the sensory impaired, and all units are adaptable.In accordance with the City of Boston's Green Affordable Housing Program, 75 Amory Avenue boasts high efficiency heating and cooling systems fixtures as well as Energy Star rated appliances. The development is LEED Silver Certifiable.Among other funding sources, the 75 Amory Avenue project received more than $1,7 million in assistance from the City of Boston and the Neighborhood Housing Trust and more than $3.3 million from the State's Department of Housing and Community Development."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, members of the Boston Public Library and the City of Boston's Public Facilities Department today celebrated the reopening of the Jamaica Plain Branch at 30 South Street with a ribbon cutting ceremony that was attended by community members and elected officials. The $10 million renovation revitalizes the branch services and spaces, including a 20 percent increase in space for the community to read, browse the collection, access computers, attend and host meetings, and participate in programming.Reaffirming Mayor Walsh's commitment to bringing quality library services to neighborhoods throughout the City, nearly $14 million in library projects are planned across the city as part of theMayor's Capital Planin FY18 and an additional $102 million in funding for library projects is slated for FY19-FY22.""Libraries are essential resources for neighborhoods, and it is important that we continue investing in them to improve access, add services, and build a strong sense of community,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Jamaica Plain library branch is the second busiest in our BPL library system, after the Central Library, and it is exciting that with the expansion we'll now be able to accommodate even more visitors. As the first project under the City's Percent for Art program, we're excited to start integrating arts and culture into our public facilities, and look forward to the future projects across the City that will enhance our libraries.""""We are thrilled to reopen the Jamaica Plain Branch and provide a transformed building and services to community members that inspire intercultural and intergenerational connections. Once again the library will be the center of civic life at the corner of South and Sedgwick streets,"" said Evelyn Arana-Ortiz, Vice Chair of the Board Public Library's Board of Trustees.""The success of this renovation is a tribute to collaboration between the City of Boston's Offices of Public Facilities Department, Budget Management, Library staff and the Architects and Construction partners, and especially the longstanding advocacy of the Friends of the JP Library, and we are confident this newly renovated space will serve lifelong learners, today and well into the future,"" said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library.The renovation features a 700-square foot addition facing South Street that will serve as a community reading lounge a terrace along Sedgwick Street where residents can read and mingle multiple meeting spaces improved and more flexible space for children, teens, and adults and a refreshed collection of 30,000 items. Technology improvements include 15 new desktop and 20 laptop computers, free WiFi, additional self-checkout stations, creativity software in the new digital maker-space, and hearing loop technology for people with hearing loss. Other features include an elevator for full ADA accessibility to all levels, new and more efficient mechanical systems, parking for over 15 bikes, and new exterior landscaping.Mayor Walsh recently announced aRequest for Proposals(RFP) for a public art project at the Jamaica Plain Branch, the first call for artists under the new Percent for Art Program, first announced with the release of the City of Boston's cultural plan,Boston Creates. The Percent for Art program is a critical policy outcome of the planning process and addresses Goal 4 of the plan: to integrate arts and culture into all aspects of civic life, inspiring all Bostonians to value, practice and reap the benefits of creativity in their individual lives and their communities. Through the Percent for Art Program, the City will invest $1.7 million in public art projects in FY18, one percent of the City's planned borrowing for the year.The Jamaica Plain Branch hours areMondaythroughWednesdayfrom10 a.m. - 6 p.m.,Thursdayfrom12 - 8 p.m., andFridayand Saturday from9 a.m. - 5 p.m.Community members are encouraged to follow the Jamaica Plain BranchFacebook pageoronline calendarfor information on upcoming programs and events.Boston Public Library, the City of Boston's Public Facilities Department, and Utile, Inc. Architecture & Planning, the design firm for the project, collaborated closely with the Friends of the Jamaica Plain Branch Library and the community at-large to design a renovated library that fulfills the needs of library patrons and visitors. The general contractor for the project is Colantonio, Inc.Most major renovations or new construction projects undergo a programming, design, and construction phase, including significant community engagement to gain input, feedback, and insight from users. Follow progress on these projects viawww.bpl.org/branchcapitalprojects.Images of the renovated branch are available upon request.About the Boston Public LibraryBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a children's room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Public Schools (BPS) Superintendent Tommy Chang today joined students at the Washington Irving Middle School in Roslindale to celebrate the launch of a new vision-screening program that provides free eyeglasses to any student who needs them.
In May 2016, the City's Department of Innovation and Technology asked people to share their photos of certain spots around Boston. The crowd-sourcing effort was a way to showcase the City on the new, redesigned Boston.gov.Ed Lyons, a computer programmer in Brighton, answered the call.The Digital Team spearheading the project wanted high-quality photos of more than 700 places for the website, but it was a difficult task for the small group to capture so many locations. The teams solution? Ask for help from the people who know Boston best  its residents.When Ed took a look at the list, he was shocked to discover there were so many parks in the City. He had lived in Boston for almost 20 years and had never been to a majority of the places listed. Ed decided to set out on an adventure to explore and photograph these places. At first, he was joined by his two children, six-year-old Fiona and three-year-old Eddie. His youngest child, Darcy, was born in June 2016. Ed started bringing Darcy along that September.Ed and his family first began their journey by visiting the Urban Wilds on the list. He had no idea there was one located just a half mile away from where he lived. Urban wilds are remnants of the original ecosystem of Boston. There are roughly 40 found around the City, and the Lyons family explored and photographed them all.One of Eds favorite photographs comes from Allandale Woods, an Urban Wild in Jamaica Plain.Next, the family moved onto the rest of the parks system. They visited more than 300 of Bostons parks. Ed's favorite park to visit was Ramler Park in Fenway for its wonderful fountain and trellis. The park also has a brick path thats marked with the names of all 150 species of birds in the Fens. There are many rabbits living in Ramler Park, which Eds children had a great time playing with.Along the way, the family also visited other sites that the City had requested pictures of, like cemeteries and firehouses. Ed submitted the photos to the Boston.gov Show off our City group while also posting them to his Flickr account. The adventure took 370 days  the Lyons family visited their final location on May 17, 2017.When reflecting on the adventure, Ed said he and his family learned so much about the art and history of Boston during their travels. Ed didnt realize how big the parks system was, and said that many other people dont realize it, either. During his travels, Ed would ask people how many parks there were in the City. Many people guessed 75, and no one guessed above 125.Visiting these parks and outdoor spaces was a great way for Ed to meet other residents and get to know the City. He found that most residents stick to the parks in their own neighborhood. With so manyunique and amazing spaces to discover,he encouraged people to venture out and explore different parts of Boston.Scroll down to see some of Ed's photos from the adventure. You can see even more photos by visiting Ed's Flickr account.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Boston will celebrate ""Open Canal Street"" onSaturday, July 8, 2017. For the afternoon, the West End's two-block Canal Street will shut down to vehicles, and open up for pedestrians, who will be able to shop, dine and enjoy the atmosphere of Boston's West End.""With the success and excitement that came from Open Newbury, we are thrilled to expand this pilot to Canal Street for one day this summer,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm excited for businesses, residents and visitors to come together to celebrate and enjoy this pedestrian-focused event, and I welcome all to Open Canal Street onJuly 8th.""""We are in process of working with area businesses and residents to plan what we hope will be a great event and an opportunity to showcase all of the great things happening in the area,"" said Jay Walsh, Executive Director of the Downtown North Association. ""We are extremely grateful to Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston to extend the open streets initiative to our neighborhood.""Canal Street is also part of the Boston Planning and Development Agency'sNorth Station Area Mobility Plan, which in connection with the Boston Transportation Department will develop near-term, multimodal transportation improvements in the areas immediately adjacent to North Station.AsJuly 8thapproaches, the Boston Transportation Department will issue an advisory regarding the Open Canal Street event. Visitors are encouraged to encouraged to utilize public transit the day of the event."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh yesterday joined Governor Charlie Baker and Victory Programs to officially open Joelyn's Home, a new 24-bed residential recovery home for women. Housed in a beautifully renovated Victorian home in Roxbury, Joelyn's Home will provide housing and comprehensive direct care services to women recovering from drug and alcohol addiction, while providing additional support for those with mental illness and HIV/AIDS. Seventy-five percent of those that Victory Programs serves are homeless when admitted, and twenty percent are women caring for children.""I am proud that the City of Boston's investment helped create thisbeautiful new home for women and their families who are suffering from addiction,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""When women walk in the front door of Joelyn's, they walk into the front door to their new life--a door to counseling, support, and permanent housing--that is a critical part of our strategy to end substance abuse in Boston. Together, we can make Boston a city where no one is left behind.""Brought back from disrepair through a partnership between the City of Boston's Department of Neighborhood Development (DND), the Massachusetts Department of Housing and Community Development, and Victory Programs, the Roxbury Victorian underwent comprehensive exterior and interior renovations, including installation of new electrical, plumbing, and HVAC systems, as well as receiving a new roof, new windows, and a new gutter system.New Joelyn's Home is a fully functional residential treatment program for substance abuse and addiction issues, and will be staffed 24 hours a day with skilled direct-care clinicians and community case managers. In total, Victory's programs span 18 health, housing, and prevention programs that serve low-income households with supportive needs.""It was an exciting day for substance addiction treatment in Boston,"" said Victory Programs President and CEO, Jonathan Scott. ""If it takes a village to raise a child, it took the entire City of Boston to rebuild this magnificent program. We could not have opened this program so quickly without the full support of the City. It's a miracle, really.""Funding for the $3 million renovation was made possible through a blend of funding sources, including a loan of more than $940,000 from the City of Boston's Housing Boston 2030 housing fund. Additionally, an anonymous foundation donor provided $850,000 for acquisition of the building, and the Massachusetts Department of Housing and Community Development provided a loan of more than $940,000. Victory also contributed more than $250,000 to the redevelopment and received a $75,000 grant from Mass Housing.The City of Boston continues to encourage and sponsor the creation of new, transitional and permanent housing opportunities with recovery services for homeless individuals and families towards a goal of ending chronic homelessness and substance abuse. Through partnerships like those with Victory, the City of Boston has restored full capacity to its shelter and treatment system, with as many shelter and treatment beds in the system as were formerly located on Long Island. "
"Building on his commitment to make Boston a safe, welcoming place for all who use City streets, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Transportation Department (BTD) will celebrate National Bike to Work Day on Friday, May 19, 2017. In total, 13 bike convoys will make stops at locations across the metro Boston area, and cyclists will meet at Boston City Hall Plaza from 7 a.m. - 9 a.m. for a festival that will include music, exhibits and breakfast.In celebration of National Bike to Work Day, Mayor Walsh also today announced a commitment to increase Boston's Vision Zero investment by $1 million in Fiscal Year 2018 (FY18) to $4.1 million, dedicated to Boston's Neighborhood Slow Streets program, a new approach to traffic calming in Boston. With this new investment, five selected neighborhoods will be added to the Neighborhood Slow Streets program, and will work with the Boston Transportation Department and Public Works Department to plan and implement their traffic calming projects. Residents, neighborhood associations and other community-based organizations are able to apply for traffic measures in a specific neighborhood.The Talbot Norfolk Triangle in Dorchester and Stonybrook in Jamaica Plain were already selected to be part of the Neighborhood Slow Streets in 2017, and have already completed an extensive design and community process.""We are working hard everyday to ensure Boston streets are accessible and safe for all residents and visitors, whether they're on two wheels, four wheels or walking,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This commitment is backed up by investments: through Go Boston 2030 and Vision Zero, Boston is dedicating time, talent and resources to create an equitable City for all. I encourage all Bostonians to attend Friday's festival, and learn more about the City's transportation plan.""Go Boston 2030, the City's strategic transportation plan, will invest $709 million over the next five years to implement safer streets, more reliable and predictable transportation, and improved transportation access for residents.Vision Zero, the City's plan to eliminate fatal and serious traffic crashes in Boston by 2030, leads Boston's strategy to reduce injuries for pedestrians and cyclists. Key Vision Zero accomplishments include lowering the City's default speed limit to 25 MPH establishing dedicated, protected bike lanes launching the Neighborhood Slow Streets program and making pedestrian and cyclist safety a focus when planning major roadway construction. Earlier this month, the first Vision Zero annual report was released, detailing additional investments.In addition to recently-completed separated bike lanes on portions of Massachusetts Avenue, the City is working on a number of projects set for construction in 2017 and beyond. Major projects include:The City is also planning for longer-term investments, such as major reconstruction of Rutherford Avenue/Sullivan Square following interim improvements and the reconstruction of Melnea Cass Boulevard and the North Washington St Bridge. In addition to these cycle investments, the City funds an annual strategic bicycle network program that allows for planning and implementation of bike infrastructure.Boston's investments will positively impact thousands of cyclists throughout the City. During automated bike counts taken in September 2016, BTD counted an average of nearly 30,000 bike trips per day across 60 locations. In some locations, bike traffic accounted for more than 15 percent of vehicles during peak commute times.""On Friday, we'll be joining other cities nationwide in celebrating bicycling as a transportation option,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. ""Active forms of transportation, such as bicycling, walking and taking public transit, are green, economical and healthy. They also ease traffic congestion and the parking crunch in busy urban areas like Boston.""Ride leaders, who are familiar with the routes, will lead convoy riders from assigned meeting points to Boston City Hall Plaza. Each convoy will make multiple stops along the way. The convoys will meet and stop in the following areas:For comprehensive information on Boston's Bike to Work Day Celebration, including how to join up with a convoy for the ride in, visit boston.gov."
"BOSTON - Thursday, May 18, 2017 - Building on his commitment to make Boston a safe, welcoming place for all who use Citystreets, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Transportation Department (BTD) will celebrate National Bike to Work Day on Friday, May 19, 2017. In total, 13 bike convoys will make stops at locations across the metro Boston area, and cyclists will meet at Boston City Hall Plaza from7 a.m. - 9 a.m.for a festival that will include music, exhibits and breakfast.In celebration of National Bike to Work Day, Mayor Walsh also today announced a commitment to increase Boston's Vision Zero investment by $1 million in Fiscal Year 2018 (FY18) to $4.1 million, dedicated to Boston'sNeighborhoodSlowStreetsprogram, a new approach to traffic calming in Boston. With this new investment, five selectedneighborhoodswill be added to theNeighborhoodSlowStreetsprogram, and will work with the Boston Transportation Department and Public Works Department to plan and implement their traffic calming projects. Residents,neighborhoodassociations and other community-based organizations are able to apply for traffic measures in a specificneighborhood.The Talbot Norfolk Triangle in Dorchester and Stonybrook in Jamaica Plain were already selected to be part of theNeighborhoodSlowStreetsin 2017, and have already completed an extensive design and community process.""We are working hard everyday to ensure Bostonstreetsare accessible and safe for all residents and visitors, whether they're on two wheels, four wheels or walking,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This commitment is backed up by investments: through Go Boston 2030 and Vision Zero, Boston is dedicating time, talent and resources to create an equitable City for all. I encourage all Bostonians to attend Friday's festival, and learn more about the City's transportation plan.""Go Boston 2030, the City's strategic transportation plan, will invest $709 million over the next five years to implement saferstreets, more reliable and predictable transportation, and improved transportation access for residents.Vision Zero, the City's plan to eliminate fatal and serious traffic crashes in Boston by 2030, leads Boston's strategy to reduce injuries for pedestrians and cyclists. Key Vision Zero accomplishments include lowering the City's default speed limit to 25 MPH establishing dedicated, protected bike lanes launching theNeighborhoodSlowStreetsprogram and making pedestrian and cyclist safety a focus when planning major roadway construction. Earlier this month, the first Vision Zeroannual reportwas released, detailing additional investments.In addition to recently-completed separated bike lanes on portions of Massachusetts Avenue, the City is working on a number of projects set for construction in 2017 and beyond. Major projects include:2.8 miles of dedicated, grade separated cycle track from the Boston Garden to the North End, under constructionDedicated, grade separated cycletrack along Constitution Road in Charlestown, under constructionNew bike lanes along BeaconStreetin Audubon Circle that will be completed this winterConnecting South Boston and the South End via the construction of the South Bay Harbor Trail, set for construction next yearCommonwealth Avenue will have new protected bike lanes with investments made over a multi-phase projectSummerStreetwill be in construction this fall, where the City is adding a cycle track from the Fort Point Channels to Boston Wharf Road andThis year, Harrison Avenue will gain a parking protected bike lane.The City is also planning for longer-term investments, such as major reconstruction of Rutherford Avenue/Sullivan Square following interim improvements and the reconstruction of Melnea Cass Boulevard and the North Washington St Bridge. In addition to these cycle investments, the City funds an annual strategic bicycle network program that allows for planning and implementation of bike infrastructure.Boston's investments will positively impact thousands of cyclists throughout the City. During automated bike counts taken in September 2016, BTD counted an average of nearly 30,000 bike trips per day across 60 locations. In some locations, bike traffic accounted for more than 15 percent of vehicles during peak commute times.""On Friday, we'll be joining other cities nationwide in celebrating bicycling as a transportation option,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. ""Active forms of transportation, such as bicycling, walking and taking public transit, are green, economical and healthy. They also ease traffic congestion and the parking crunch in busy urban areas like Boston.""Ride leaders, who are familiar with the routes, will lead convoy riders from assigned meeting points to Boston City Hall Plaza. Each convoy will make multiple stops along the way. The convoys will meet and stop in the following areas:Brighton/AllstonConcord/Bedford/Lexington/ArlingtonDorchesterEast Boston/ChelseaJamaica PlainMattapanMelrose/Malden/EverettNeedham/Newton/WatertownQuincyRoxburySomerville/CambridgeWest Roxbury/RoslindaleWinchester/Medford/Assembly RowFor comprehensive information on Boston's Bike to Work Day Celebration, including how to join up with a convoy for the ride in, visitboston.gov."
Why join the team? You can help us overhaul existing apps (like this one or this one), or build entirely new services for City residents. In this role, youll work closely with our lead developer and our Digital Services product manager.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of the last draft of theImagine Boston 2030Plan, a framework for Boston's growth to expand opportunity, increase affordability and improve quality of life in the City based on the input of over 14,000 residents from every neighborhood. The release of the draft plan kicks off a month-long comment period before the final Imagine Boston plan is released in the summer 2017.""Imagine Boston 2030 takes a holistic approach to our planning efforts to ensure that our City grows in an equitable and sustainable way,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud to share this next iteration of the plan, which incorporates the feedback from thousands of residents who helped refine our shared vision for the future of Boston. From Suffolk Downs to Readville, Franklin Park to Sullivan Square, we're shaping the City's future together -- every corner, every neighborhood -- and I look forward to seeing how Boston will grow and thrive.""Boston is experiencing an economic and population boom, and with that brings an opportunity to provide new and additional pathways for economic mobility and avenues to improve quality of life throughout the City, while boosting affordability and resiliency. Imagine Boston identifies five action areas to guide Boston's growth, enhancement and preservation:For example, in Upham's Corner, the City will strengthen the community's historic main street fabric, emphasizing economic mobility and local innovation, fostering local arts, preserving affordability, and preventing displacement.For example, in the Shawmut Peninsula, historic preservation, strategic growth, and public realm investments can support an active mixed-use vision, including developing aShawmut Peninsula2100 Planthat considers major infrastructure projects, land use, and policies.Sullivan Square:A walkable, mixed-use center for the innovation economy that builds on momentum of nearby economic activity and transit access. Newmarket and Widett Circle:An area where critical industrial uses will be preserved and strengthened, while transit-oriented job and housing growth will strengthen connections to neighboring areas.Fort Point Channel:An active, urban waterfront where mixed-use development and a vibrant public realm transform how Downtown and the South Boston Waterfront meet and how Bostonians interact with the water.Suffolk Downs:A lively, mixed use community, including quality transit and open space that responds to the surrounding marsh and river environment.Readville:A center for 21st century manufacturing that creates quality jobs, and encourages transit-oriented development.Beacon Yards:A new transit hub and center for innovation, research and housing that expands the boundaries of the core west.Imagine Boston will do this by activating an urban waterfront in Fort Point Channel and South Boston waterfront, support large connected open spaces at Beacon Yards, foster signature open spaces such at Suffolk Downs, connect neighborhoods to the waterfront through the completion of the Emerald Necklace, encourage a modern, industrial innovation district at Raymond L. Flynn Marine Park, and develop climate resilience plans. Initiatives:The final plan is supported by guiding principles and initiatives that bring together and build on the City's planning efforts, including Boston Creates, Go Boston 2030, Climate Ready Boston, Housing a Changing City: Boston 2030, BuildBPS, Economic Equity Agenda, Age Friendly Boston, Vision Zero, Boston's Resilience Strategy and more. The initiatives outline commitments around anti-displacement, immigrant advancement, climate planning and flood protection, universal pre-kindergarten, community planning and land use, and more.The full report is available atimagine.boston.gov.The City of Boston welcomes public comment,edits and feedbackincludingvia email toimagine@boston.gov. A copy of this document will be available for the public to access at each branch of the Boston Public Libraries. All public comment should be submitted byJune 19."
Special events taking place in the City of Boston will impact traffic and parking on Saturday, May 20, and Sunday, May 21, 2017. Attendees are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles to these events. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises rider to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Walking is another great way to travel around Boston.Saturday, May 20An estimated 1,000 participants will gather on Boston City Hall Plaza for the Youth Pride Parade that will step off at 12 Noon. The group will turn left on Cambridge Street, continue onto Tremont Street, right onto Boylston Street, right onto Charles Street, right onto Beacon Street, left onto Bowdoin Street, right onto Cambridge Street, back to City Hall Plaza. Traffic will be delayed briefly as marchers proceed along the route. The parade is expected to be over by 1 PM.Sunday, May 21An estimated 4,500 runners will gather on FID Kennedy Avenue for the Harpoon Brewery 5 Miler Road Race that will begin at 10 AM. The route to be followed is FID Kennedy Avenue to Tide Street, left onto Dry Dock Avenue, right onto Black Falcon Avenue, right onto Design Center Way, left onto Dry Dock Avenue, left onto Summer Street, left onto East First Street, right onto Farragut Road, left onto East Broadway Extension, left onto Day Boulevard, left onto Shore Road, right onto East First Street, right onto Summer Street, right onto Dry Dock Avenue, right onto Design Center Way, left onto Black Falcon Avenue, left onto Dry Dock Avenue, right onto Tide Street. Traffic will be delayed briefly as runners proceed along the route. The race is expected to be completed by 11:15 AM.An estimated 5,000 to 7,000 people will gather in Mattapan Square for the Haitian-American Unity Parade that will begin at 1 PM. Marchers will proceed on Blue Hill Avenue from Babson Street to Talbot Avenue. Blue Hill Avenue will be closed to traffic between River Street and Talbot Avenue from 12 Noon to 4 PM. Planned detours will take drivers to American Legion Highway and Cummins Highway.Temporary Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in place at the following locations.
Accessibility Upgrades in City HallPublic Rights of WayAccessible Parking ProgramsAnnual EventsOutreach and EngagementCommunication AccessDeaf Task ForceArchitectural AccessDisability Commission Advisory BoardTransportationWeb AccessElectionsOngoing Programs
You can read Mayor Walsh's letter below:On behalf of the Haitian community in the City of Boston, I write to urge you to extend Temporary Protected Status (TPS) for Haitians living in the U.S. until Haiti is sufficiently stable for their safe return.Haiti has been decimated by a series of devastating events. In 2010, a 7.0 magnitude earthquake killed over 300,000 people and displaced 1.5 million more. 300,000 buildings were damaged or destroyed. Today, at least 40,000 people are still homeless and living in camps as a result of the earthquake. Following the earthquake, international aid workers inadvertently introduced cholera, which has sickened 100,000 and killed 9,200 people to date. Less than a year ago, Category 4 Hurricane Matthew struck, further spreading water-borne cholera and leaving 1.25 million Haitians without access to safe drinking water. More than 800,000 Haitians are in desperate need of emergency food assistance.Failure to extend TPS for Haiti would have a negative impact on the U.S. and Haitian economies, endangering lives, further destabilizing Haiti, and potentially separating families. The Haitian government recently indicated that it is not in a position to accept the approximately 50,000 Haitian TPS holders in the U.S. back into the country because their repatriation would only worsen an already precarious situation. The Haitian Foreign Minister has advised that an extension of TPS would afford the Haitian government much needed time to undertake projects to improve living conditions in the country. This request by the Haitian government is clearly telling that the country conditions in Haiti warrant an extension of TPS for at least 18 months.It is in the U.S. national interest to extend TPS for Haitians. Haitian TPS holders across our country make vital contributions to our economy, including key industries such as health and elder care. In fact, a recent study from the Immigrant Legal Resource Center showed that Haitian TPS holders contribute $280 million to the U.S. GDP and $42 million to Medicare and Social Security annually. In addition to major economic contributions, due to the length of the crisis in Haiti, many TPS holders now have U.S. citizen children. Undoubtedly, ending TPS before Haiti is safe would result in the breakup of families in communities across the country, as parents would be unwilling to put their children in harms way. Finally, Haitian TPS holders in the U.S. work hard to send money home to family members still in Haiti. Ending TPS would take away this lifeline, needlessly destabilizing a country that is struggling to rebuild.The Boston metro area is home to the third largest Haitian community in the United States. There are 16,000 Haitian immigrants and nationals who live in the City of Boston, and many more come to Boston for work and leisure every day from neighboring cities and towns. The Haitian diaspora has enriched and strengthened our City in immeasurable ways. It is our moral imperative as Americans to stand with those in need, and I urge you to exercise your discretion to extend TPS for Haitians until they can safely return to Haiti.Sincerely,Martin J. WalshMayor of Boston, Massachusetts
For most of human history, cities have not prioritized policies that provide areas specifically for the arts.Today it seems like some cities can think of nothing else.In Boston, formal planning for arts districts began in the middle of the 20th century. The variety of plans for the Hinge Block in Downtown Crossing/Chinatown area stand as a testimony to the interest in creating neighborhoods for the arts to flourish in the Hub.I found the 1969 plan for the Hinge Block particularly intriguing because it was an attempt to make a commercially viable enterprise work alongside a sizable cultural performing arts center. As many Bostonians know, by the late 1960s, the adjacent retail area was known as the Combat Zone. The Combat Zone contained a variety of adult nightlife businesses that seemed incompatible with the refined and lively arts.This plan is an interesting piece of Bostons planning history. Planners eventually discarded this plan and ten different plans for the block would come and go through the 1970s, 1980s, and early 1990s. Today, the Hinge Block has been redeveloped as a commercial enterprise and is part of the general urban renaissance that has provided both challenges and opportunities for this corner of the City.Max Grinnell teaches urban studies in Boston and Chicago. His writings on cities have appeared in the Boston Globe, the Chicago Tribune,the Guardian, and the Seattle Times and a host of other publications. His favorite streets for exploring and understanding Hub history include Mission Hills Wigglesworth Street and Neptune Road in East Boston. You can learn more about his professional work atwww.theurbanologist.com.
"As part of the Guest Curator Initiative at City Hall, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture will host two photography exhibitions during the month of May and into June curated by professionals from the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston and the Institute for Contemporary Art.The Guest Curator Initiative at City Hall brings professionals from leading cultural organizations to produce and organize exhibitions at City Hall, in collaboration with the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture. The goal of the program is to connect talented curators with new creative voices in Boston.""Boston has an incredible depth of talent, both at the major institutions and in every neighborhood across the city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The guest curator program allows us to bring these groups together, showcasing the work of artists in the city, brought together by leading professionals and shared with the entire community through the City Hall Galleries."" Curated by Karen Haas, Lane Curator of Photographs at the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston,STAREwill be displayed in the Scollay Square Gallery in City Hall fromMay 18 - June 27, 2017. This exhibition focuses on the work of emerging photographers from the Greater Boston area. All photos are inspired by Walker Evan's quote ""Stare. It is the way to educate your eye and more. Stare, pry, listen, eavesdrop"" and will explore the many ways the camera viewfinder allows for staring. Curated by Monica Garza, Director of Education and Sean Snyder, Graphic Designer and Multimedia Producer at ICA Boston,I Am. You Are. We Can.refers to a semester-long Teen Digital Photography project where students explored the life of photographs at the ICA. Through discussions, gallery visits and their own photography practices, students investigated the contexts which give photographs meaning, defined a sense of self, explored perceptions of others, and inspired collaborative action toward common goals through the photographic image. I Am. You Are. We Canwill be displayed in the 5th Floor Mayor's Gallery fromMay 18 - June 27, 2017. ""This collaboration with guest curators at the City Hall Galleries allows us to offer local artists exposure to some of the most talented arts professionals in the city and offer a platform to share their work with the community,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""This month, we have the opportunity to showcase both established and emerging artists who have created some inspiring work. We want to invite everyone to City Hall to experience these galleries and appreciate the work of these artists.""In addition to the exhibitions created by the guest curators, the City Hall Galleries will featureNow You See: A Celebration of Courageous Kidscreated by photographer Jacquelyn Lamont. Lamont, also a trained forensic interviewer, reveals the bravery of abused, neglected, and exploited children who disclose their trauma to law enforcement. The photos were taken in waiting rooms, offices, conference rooms, and homes. The exhibit was designed by graphic designer Mattie DiCola.Now You See: A Celebration of Courageous Kidswill be displayed in the Mayor's Neighborhood Gallery on the second floor from May 1 -May 31, 2017. For more information about the upcoming exhibition in the City Hall Galleries, visithere.Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's Cultural Plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program (BostonAIR) curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information go to:www.boston.gov/artsAbout the Boston Creates Cultural PlanThe cultural plan is a ten year plan for supporting arts and culture in the City of Boston. It was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen Boston's cultural vitality over the long term. The full cultural plan can be found online athttp://plan.bostoncreates.org."
"Our goal is to make Audubon Circle a welcoming place for residents and all others who visit this neighborhood, said Mayor Walsh. ""This project fulfills another promise in our Go Boston 2030 plans: ensuring Audubon Circle has increased safety and accessibility for pedestrians, bicyclists and drivers.Working with residents, the Boston Transportation Department has produced a design that better meets the current transportation needs of the community, while simultaneously honoring the history of Audubon Circle.""""Increasing safety and making Audubon Circle more pedestrian and bike friendly are priorities for neighborhood residents, and these priorities are also in accordance with Vision Zero and Go Boston 2030 goals for enhanced transportation safety and access on Boston's streets,"" said Chris Osgood, City of Boston Chief of Streets. ""With the community process and design work now complete, we are looking forward to beginning the active construction phase of this beneficial project.""As part of the project, four plazas, each featuring planters and seating, will be built on the four corners of the intersection. Poetry will be engraved on each of the four planters, and each poem will reflect one of the four seasons.Additional improvements to Audubon Circle will include:""The unique design features incorporated into this plan ensure that Audubon Circle will serve its transportation related purpose as well as contribute to the beauty of the neighborhood,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. ""The Boston Arts Commission, the Browne Fund and Robert Pinsky all helped us to achieve this goal. I would also like to thank MassDOT for contributing many of the project's design and construction funding needs.""Other partners making a contribution to this project include the Boston Water and Sewer Commission, the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation, Children's Hospital and Samuels Associates, developer of the Landmark Center.The project design was guided by HDR Inc. with Crosby, Schlessinger Smallridge of Boston, and Mario Susi & Son, Inc,. also of Boston, is the contractor. Construction is expected to be completed by November 2018."
Right Directionis a free resource to raise awareness in the workplace about depression. We have been rolling out this initiative across departments over the past few months and will continue to do so. You may have seen us out and about presenting about mental health in the workplace at your department. This is a topic that isnear and dear to us. It isvery important that City employeesand their families have access to mental health support in the workplace.Right Directionhas generated alist of 31 strategies to be more aware of your mental health while at work. Check out the tips below and share them with your colleagues. As always, our team is here to support you.
More than 250 residents from all over the metro Boston area gathered to listen to the panels and respond with questions.The moderators included Renee Loth from ArchitectureBoston Magazine, Sacha Pfeiffer from the Boston Globe, and Alex Krieger from the Harvard Graduate School of Design. Expert panelists (see below for a full list) showed how their sector can influence, impact, and help to implementImagine Boston 2030.Each of the events captivated a diverse audience and questions linked directly to how the sectors and the City could have long-term impact.
"Building on his commitment to investing in the arts through a Percent for Art program, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a Request for Proposals (RFP) for a public art project at the Jamaica Plain Branch of the Boston Public Library. This public art project will complement the $10 million inrecent renovationsof the library that are funded through Mayor Walsh's Imagine Boston Capital Plan. Working closely with the Boston Public Library, the Friends of the Jamaica Plain Branch Library, and the Boston Art Commission, the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture invites artists to submit their proposals for public art at the Jamaica Plain Branch, which reopens onSaturday, May 20 at 11 a.m.This is the first call for artists under the new Percent for Art Program, first announced with the release of the City of Boston's cultural plan,Boston Creates. The Percent for Art program is a critical policy outcome of the planning process and addresses Goal 4 of the plan: to integrate arts and culture into all aspects of civic life, inspiring all Bostonians to value, practice and reap the benefits of creativity in their individual lives and their communities.""By creating a sustainable funding stream for the arts, the Percent For Art program will allow us to further invest in public art,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We have committed to setting aside one percent of the City's annual capital borrowing budget for art, creating opportunities for artists and ensuring the integration of art into our neighborhoods for the benefit of residents and visitors.""""Incorporating public art in public buildings is essential to enhancing the design of our communities and to transforming public spaces,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""We look forward to seeing the ideas presented for this space as we work to integrate the arts into all aspects of civic life.""The$10 million renovation of the Jamaica Plain Branch, revitalizes the branch services and spaces, including a 20 percent increase in space for the community to read, browse the collection, access computers, attend and host meetings, and participate in programming. The renovation features a 700-square foot addition facing South Street that will serve as a community reading lounge a terrace along Sedgwick Street where residents can read and mingle multiple meeting spaces improved and more flexible space for children, teens and adults and a refreshed collection of 30,000 items. Technology improvements include 15 new desktop and 20 laptop computers, free WiFi, additional self-checkout stations, creativity software in the new digital maker-space, and hearing loop technology for people with hearing loss.Other features include an elevator for full ADA accessibility to all levels, new and more efficient mechanical systems, parking for over 20 bikes, and new exterior landscaping.""This is a significant opportunity for local artists to incorporate their creative works into the fabric of the renovated building, which will undoubtedly enhance the spaces and bring the library to life,"" said Priscilla Foley, Director of Neighborhood Services for Boston Public Library. TheCall for Artistsis open to all professional artists, artisans, architects, landscape architects, or teams with experience in public art, site responsive design, project management, and construction administration. Residents from the Jamaica Plain neighborhood are encouraged to submit a response to the call.Applications will be reviewed by a selection committee comprising representatives from the City of Boston and local arts professionals representing the neighborhood.A successful proposal will respond to the goals of the capital project and to the values of the Jamaica Plain community. The successful applicant will be announced in July 2017 and the public art project is expected to be completed in May 2018.There will be a site walkthrough for interested respondents onFriday, May 19 at 12:30 PM. The deadline to submit proposals is12:00 PMonFriday, June 9, 2017.For more information and to apply,click here.Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's Cultural Plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program (BostonAIR) curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information go to: www.boston.gov/artsAbout Boston Public LibraryBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a children's room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.About the Boston Creates Cultural PlanThe cultural plan is a ten year plan for supporting arts and culture in the City of Boston. It was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen Boston's cultural vitality over the long term. The full cultural plan can be found online at http://plan.bostoncreates.org.Boston Art CommissionThe Boston Art Commission (BAC), an independent board of arts leaderscharged with the care and custody of all artworks on City of Boston property, advocates for the creation of innovative and transformative art and promotes its accessibility to enrich the lives of Boston's diverse citizens and visitors. The Art Commission advises, supports, and consults with artists and communities, City departments, and others. It commissions, approves, and conserves the City of Boston's collection of art and historical artifacts. For more information go to: www.publicartboston.com"
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Transportation Department, in partnership with the Boston's Vision Zero Task Force, today released afirst year annual reportfor the City of Boston's Vision Zero initiative. Building on Mayor Walsh's commitment to safe streets, Vision Zero works to eliminate fatal and serious traffic crashes in Boston by 2030. The program's accomplishments for the year include successfully reducing Boston's default speed limit from 30 to 25 miles per hour (MPH), installing a protected bicycle lane on Massachusetts Avenue and working to ensure that all major roadway reconstruction projects include a focus on improving safety for all users of the road.
In preparation for planned interior and exterior improvements totaling $2.4 million included in Mayor Walshs Imagine Boston Capital Plan, the Parker Hill Branch of the Boston Public Library will start a temporary closure on Saturday, July 1, 2017 with the last day of public service on Friday, June 30. The closure period is expected to be no more than one year.A community meeting will be held at the branch on Wednesday, May 17, at 6 p.m. to discuss the facilities improvements and library services during the closure. This project is a collaboration between the Boston Public Library and the City of Bostons Public Facilities Department, under the leadership of Mayor Martin J. Walsh.All across Boston, we are investing in our libraries because they are essential resources for our neighborhoods, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. I am proud that through targeted investments we will be able to preserve the historic Parker Hill Branch that is important to community members and our Citys rich cultural history.These significant repairs and improvements to the building are critical to the sustainability of the Parker Hill Branch for the future, and I thank the community members for their understanding and patience as we begin this work, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library. We encourage patrons to remain engaged with Boston Public Library during this closure by utilizing our other locations and visiting bpl.org to borrow items at any time.The $2.4 million in improvements include faade repairs to prevent leaks, repairs to the plaster, window replacement, repairs to masonry, and interior painting. Library patrons are asked to visit the nearby Dudley Branch or one of the BPLs other neighborhood locations during the closure. For email updates, sign up at bit.ly/BPLParker. Information on additional library capital projects can be found via www.bpl.org/branchcapitalprojects.Located at 1497 Tremont Street in the Mission Hill neighborhood, the Parker Hill Branch opened in May 1931, and the Jacobean-style building was designed in 1929 by famed architect Ralph Adams Cram. The branch serves Mission Hill residents and workers, neighborhood schools, youth programs, and collaborates with community organizations. It is noted for its unique local history collection and range of services, including author talks, story times, exhibitions, book discussions, exercise classes, and more.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
"Building on his commitment to creating accessible art for all Bostonians, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture today announced seven new members have been appointed to theBoston Cultural Council.The new members include Hanah Fadrigalan, Marie Fukuda, Ana Guigui, Pat McSweeney, Ahn Nguyen, Kathyrn Niforos and Norris Welch.""Each of these new members are active in the Boston arts community and will be great additions to the Boston Cultural Council,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to seeing how each one will bring their creative perspective to the Council to support the arts in our City.""The Boston Cultural Council (BCC), under the umbrella of the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, annually distributes funds allocated by the City of Boston and the Massachusetts Cultural Council, a state agency, to support innovative arts, humanities and interpretive sciences programming that enhances the quality of life in Boston. The BCC makes grants to organizations and individual artists.The council members are all Boston residents appointed by Mayor Walsh for up to two consecutive three year terms. Council members are selected on the basis of their demonstrated commitment to Boston's cultural community and their knowledge of various arts disciplines.In February, Mayor Walsh announced that173 Boston organizations and projects received 2017 Boston Cultural Council organizational grantstotaling $462,250 based on their potential to enhance the quality of life, the economy and the design of the City of Boston, in addition to advancing the goals of theBoston Creates Cultural Plan.""The Boston Cultural Council advises the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture on how to best support the cultural community through grant opportunities,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""Each of these new members brings a unique perspective to the mix, will be a great asset to the council.""The new members are:The new members join eight individuals currently serving on the Boston Cultural Council. A full list of members can be found online.""I see some real opportunities to generate more interest for the Cultural Council in Boston,"" said Hanah Fadrigalan, one of the newly appointed members of the Boston Cultural Council. ""We have a wealth of arts in the Boston community and I look forward to making the most with what we have and getting word out to the public about our offerings.""Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's Cultural Plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program (BostonAIR) curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information go to:boston.gov/artsAbout the Boston Cultural Council (BCC)The Boston Cultural Council, under the umbrella of the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, annually distributes funds allocated by the City of Boston and the Massachusetts Cultural Council, a state agency, to support innovative arts, humanities and interpretive sciences programming that enhances the quality of life in our city. For more information, please visitbostonculturalcouncil.com/About the Boston Creates Cultural PlanThe cultural plan was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen Boston's cultural vitality over the long term. The full cultural plan can be found online atplan.bostoncreates.org."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment today announced the City's 2017 summer programming schedule. All events are free and open to the public.""From a roller disco party to ourFridayafternoon concert series, I'm pleased we're able to offer free, family events throughout the summer that will bring residents and visitors to City Hall Plaza,"" said Mayor Walsh. Summer events include:Celebration of Summer IV: Donna Summer Roller Disco PartyRoller skate disco returns to City Hall Plaza for the 4th annual tribute to Boston-born disco legend Donna Summer.Friday, June 23, 6 p.m. - 10 p.m.City Hall PlazaCaliente: A Celebration of Latin Music and CultureCaliente! returns to City Hall for its 10th year, celebrating Latin music, art, and dance. Saturday, July 22City Hall PlazaGospelFestEnjoy the gospel music at the 17th Annual GospelFest, New England's largest Gospel music celebration.Sunday, August 6City Hall PlazaFridayAfternoon Concert SeriesFridays in July and August, this concert series will showcase local music.Fridays in July & AugustSam Adams ParkCountry in the CityEnjoy country music in the heart of downtown Boston during the 2nd annual Country in the City concert.Thursday, September 14City Hall PlazaBoston Social Fitness FestivalFrom yoga to dancing to kickboxing, this festival is a day-long celebration designed to get Boston moving.Saturday, September 16City Hall PlazaHub on WheelsComplete a 10- or 40-mile long route that starts and finishes at City Hall Plaza for the 13th Annual Hub on Wheels.Sunday, September 17City Hall PlazaEvent times and concert performers will continue to be updated as the summer progresses. Visit the Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment onboston.gov,TwitterandFacebookfor additional details."
As an urban historian, visiting local archives in person is one way to examine and understand the urban condition. The objects in the archives, though many might not give them a second thought, form the basis for understanding a citys governance, people, culture, infrastructure, and more.On a recent visit to the Boston City Archives, I selected four items I found particularly compelling. Heres the first item I found, along with a few musings.Mayor James Michael Curleys Hat (One of them, at least)Do you wear a hat on a regular basis?Let me rephrase: Do you wear a non-sporting hat on a regular basis?I will guess that the answer is No. In our own time, dress hats are commonly worn only at special events, such as the Kentucky Derby, funerals, and perhaps an Easter Parade.Bostons own celebrated and controversial Mayor James Michael Curley wore many hats, literally and in terms of his various elected political offices. City of Boston archivist Marta Crilly brought his hat to my attention when I asked about three-dimensional objects in the Citys archival collections.The hat is a reminder of a time when people would not think of leaving their residence or place of business without such a topping. Mayor Curley was quite the dapper don and numerous newspaper accounts discusshis personal style of dress, including his love for hats, elaborate canes, gold watch chains, and other items.Curley'shats frequently made the news. The Boston Globe reported on March 1, 1917, that Mayor Curley was wearing a new green felt hat in celebration of Mens Spring Hat Day.Not surprisingly, this particular little-known holiday was willed into existence by Curley himself by official proclamation.On July 30, 1933, the Globe reported that Mayor Curley had returned from Europe with a new beret. He had been abroad with his family and as part of his trip, he had an audience with Pope Pius XI and spent time learning about the public housing in Vienna. The mayor picked up the beret in Bremen, which answers the question posed by the caption of Curley with his new find: Where Did He Get That Hat?As for the hat in the Archives collection, it is a felt top hat (size 9, in case you were wondering) and Curley purchased this item at the Dalton Hat Store. While we may never know the total of Hizzoners various hats, we are fortunate to have it here as a reminder of his everyday style.Max Grinnell teaches urban studies in Boston and Chicago. His writings on cities have appeared in the Boston Globe, the Chicago Tribune,the Guardian, and the Seattle Times and a host of other publications. His favorite streets for exploring and understanding Hub history include Mission Hills Wigglesworth Street and Neptune Road in East Boston. You can learn more about his professional work at www.theurbanologist.com.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh released today aRequest for Proposalsto produce a consultant to develop recommendations for a zero waste plan for the City of Boston. The plan will recommend goals and timelines for waste reduction and disposal cost-savings for the commercial, industrial and institutional, and residential sectors. The process will be steered by a Zero Waste Advisory Committee, jointly led by the City's Chief of Streets Chief Osgood and the Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space Austin Blackmon.
"Solidifying his commitment to creating more affordable housing for residents in Boston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Codman Square NDC (CSNDC), City officials and neighborhood leaders to celebrate the grand opening of the Whittier Lyndhurst Washington homes. The $20.1 million redevelopment created 44 units of affordable rental housing and 1,000 square feet of commercial space on four sites in Dorchester's Codman Square.The City of Boston reported in theirHousing Boston Two Year Snapshotthat the City of Boston is currently on track to reach 53,000 new units by 2030, with more than 12,000 units of housing now completed and on line. ""I'm proud the City of Boston's investment in this project has helped create 44 new homes for families in Dorchester,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This project shows us how effective we can be when we work together to preserve and create affordable housing, maintaining the special character of our neighborhoods. I am committed to making Boston a place for all families, and I want to thank our many partners who are helping us achieve our housing goals and brighter futures for Boston residents.""Located in the heart of Codman Square, Whittier Lyndhurst Washington Homes includes the redevelopment of four sites and the renovation of 15 units of public housing at the Whittier School site the creation of 13 new units of affordable rental housing and a community room adjacent to the School on Southern Avenue and Darlington Street the renovation of eight units on Lyndhurst Street and the creation of 1,000 square feet of commercial space with another eight new units at 472 Washington Street.The redevelopment entailed reclaiming a former gas station site at 472 Washington and the historic preservation of the Lyndhurst site, for which CSNDC received federal and state historic tax credits. The redevelopment utilized high efficiency heating and cooling systems and fixtures, as well as Energy Star rated appliances. Whittier Lyndhurst Washington employs environmentally-friendly design features throughout and will earn the distinction of being certified as LEED Homes Silver by the U.S. Green Building Council. The development will also meet the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency'sEnergy Starstandards and Enterprise Green Communities standards.""CSNDC is thrilled to see Whittier Lyndhurst Washington, with 44 sustainable and affordable homes and 1,000 square feet of quality commercial space, come to fruition in Codman Square,"" said Gail Latimore, Executive Director of Codman Square Neighborhood Development Corporation. ""We remain dedicated to anti-displacement and equity in our neighborhood and appreciate the past and continued support of our many funders."" Codman Square Neighborhood Development Corporation and the Talbot Norfolk Triangle Neighbors United worked closely with the City of Boston to develop the homes in accordance with the goals and approaches of the Talbot-Norfolk Triangle Eco-Innovation District (TNT EID). The TNT EID is a grassroots, neighborhood-led effort and is a first of its kind approach to neighborhood-scale planning in the City of Boston in that it uses sustainability as a guide for planning and development. The Talbot Norfolk Triangle was the first EcoDistrict to be established in Boston and in 2014 won aCity of Boston Greenovate Award.The City of Boston and the Boston Planning and Development Agency are working towards the establishment of more EcoDistricts in Boston as a step towards achieving Boston's ambitious greenhouse gas emissions reduction goals.Whittier Lyndhurst Washington has been made possible in part by the contribution of more than $1.6 million from the City of Boston, as well as funding from the State's Department of Housing and Community Development (DHCD), Massachusetts Housing Partnership (MHP), Community Economic Development Assistance Corporation (CEDAC), Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC), The Life Initiative, NeighborWorks America,RBC Capital Markets, and Bank of America."
Their requestwas in response to the Beacon Hill Baseballs Club proposal that a portion of the Commons parade ground be made available for baseball games.The petitioners believed that baseball was a dangerous game, not only for the players, but also to Bostonians passing by, who might be hit by a ball. They argued that if the city gave the baseball club the rightto use the Common the comfort and safety of many citizens will be endangered. Furthermore, they argued, the Boston Common was laid out for the recreation and enjoyment of all the inhabitants and that no portion of it should be appropriated for any use that would defeat that purpose.The Beacon Hill Baseball Club responded in the above letter. They stated that baseball was not a dangerous game and that the only oppositioncomes from a small number of the wealthy residents of this locality who are able to afford expensive recreation on land and water and who, for the sake of making the Common a little more beautiful to the eye, would deprive hundreds of young men of the exercise necessary for their bodily health, which exercise they are able to obtain in no other place.As well, the Club argued that most of the opposition to baseball on the Common came from individuals who spent the summer months away from the City. They reminded the Board of Aldermen that the young men who wanted to play baseball on the Common did not have the resources to afford expensive recreation nor have the time to go to the outskirts of the City to obtain exercise.Despite the clubs arguments, in a vote on May 12, 1873, the Board of Aldermen denied the Beacon Hill Baseball Clubs request to play baseball on the Common.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Boston Fire Commissioner Joseph Finn, firefighters, students from the Mather Elementary School and community members in proclaiming Thursday, May 4 as ""Firefighter Appreciation Day"" in the City of Boston, which honorsthe important contributions and sacrifices that firefighters make to keep Boston safe.As part of Mayor Walsh's recently released Fiscal Year 2018 - Fiscal Year 2022 Imagine Boston Capital Plan, the City will invest $71 million in state-of-the-art technology and equipment for the Boston Fire Department over the next five years to improve the fire protection and emergency services that are vital to neighborhood safety and security.""The members of the Boston Fire Department are real-life heroes who work hard each and every day to keep people safe in our City,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud to proclaim today as Firefighter Appreciation Day in the City of Boston, celebrating the service and sacrifice that the men and women of the Fire Department make to protect our City. Those who put their lives on the line everyday to protect our residents deserve to have the best equipment and services, which is why we will continue to invest in cutting edge technology and equipment for the Boston Fire Department.""As part of today's event, Father Daniel Mahoney, Chief Chaplain for the Boston Fire Department, blessed Engine 16, the first of 23 new engines that will be added to the department's fleet over the next several months.In addition, the Capital Plan sets aside funding for new fire stations that will reflect the best practices for firehouse design that were studied by the Boston Fire Department and the City's Public Facilities Department. Key changes include separating out different areas of the firehouse to keep fire contaminants away from living areas and improved personal and gear cleaning facilities. The replacements of Engines 42 in Egleston Square and Engine 17 in Dorchester, the location of today's event, will be among the first firehouses in the nation to reflect these enhancements, at a combined cost of nearly $40 million.In Charlestown, Engine 50 will undergo a complete building renovation totaling $3.8 million for exterior masonry work, upgrades to building systems and widening of apparatus doors.In addition, in an effort topromote health and safety for firefighters, the Mayor's proposed FY18 operating budget will include $500,000 for a pilot program to provide industrial level cleaning for firehouses. The funds will pay to thoroughly clean ductwork, replace ceilings where necessary, and replace fabric furniture that has become contaminated with potentially carcinogenic compounds.Other investments will support the infrastructure and equipment utilized by Boston's firefighters, and will include roof and masonry construction at firehouses for Engine 4, 5, 14 and 55, as well as HVAC and lighting upgrades at various fire stations to improve energy efficiency and utilize utility rebates.Boston's commitment to firefighters has also been recognized nationally. Last month, the Metro Fire Chiefs Association named Commissioner Finn National Fire Chief of the Year. Commissioner Finn was selected for his leadership in working to improve the health, wellness, safety and protective gear for firefighters. In addition to establishing a Safety, Health & Wellness Division with the Boston Fire Department, Commissioner Finn has also implemented safety measures including new 45 minute air tanks, wearing of hoods at fire scenes, putting bunker gear washing machine extractors in firehouses and monitoring of air quality in fire buildings.""It's an honor to be named National Fire Chief of the Year, and be able to lead Boston's dedicated firemen and women,"" said Commissioner Finn. ""Mayor Walsh and Boston's commitment to the fire service is unmatched across the country, and is one of the factors in keeping fatal fires in Boston to one of the lowest levels anywhere. This day recognizes the trust and support my department receives, and makes me proud to serve my City."""
Through this program, we are aiming to increase awareness and understanding of the climate impacts Boston is facing and the strategies the City is considering to prepare for these impacts. We want your help developing and advancing a climate-ready Boston.Our team has taken the findings and recommendations from the Climate Ready Boston report and distilled them into a presentation and conversation guide. We have also included specific resources for each neighborhood highlighted in the latest report. These resources are available in the top six languages in the City of Boston! We want to work with you to use these materials as a foundation for starting conversations in your community (or school or organization) about climate change impacts right here in Boston.First, download the presentation and conversation guide and get a feel for the content. Then ask yourself: is this an issue you want to learn more about, and learn how to present effectively? Are you concerned about climate change and want to share these findings within your own community? Do you have an idea of how and where to do that? Do you want to partner with Greenovate Boston to lead a community conversation (in your school, workplace, community group) and share feedback, concerns, and ideas with the City as we plan our next steps? If so, then apply to the CRB Leaders Program by May 18 (deadline extended)!We are looking for climate leaders across the City people who can reach a broad spectrum of Bostonians. CRB Leaders will attend a training on June 5 or June 6, and will be eligible for financial support to lead a community conversation (or two! or more!) on climate change in Boston. Apply and tell us why you should be in the first cohort of CRB Leaders.We cant wait to work together.And in the meantime, learn more about our climate resilience planning in East Boston and Charlestown,two critical resilience focus areas identified in Climate Ready Boston. You can take our community surveys linked on each neighborhood project page, and save the date for the East Boston Workshop on May 23. 
The annual Project Bread Walk for Hunger, as well as the Walk for Hunger 5 K, the Wake Up the Earth Paradeand Festival, and the Polish Constitution Day Parade, will take place in the City of Boston on Sunday, May 7, 2017. Street closures and parking restrictions will be in place to accommodate the events and those attending are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com . For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises rider to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. Boston is also easily accessible by foot.The following streets will be closed to vehicular traffic to accommodate the Walk for Hunger and the 5 K.The Walk for Hunger will begin at 6 AM on Charles Street near the Boston Common. An estimated 40,000 people are expected to participate and the event is anticipated to be completed by 8 PM.Route leaving from the Boston Common: Beacon Street, left onto Arlington Street, right onto Commonwealth Avenue, under Massachusetts Avenue, through Kenmore Square, continuing on Beacon Street into the Town of Brookline, re-enter the City of Boston on Beacon Street at Ary Road in Brighton, continuing on Beacon Street into the City of Newton.Return route on public sidewalks from the City of Cambridge: Massachusetts Avenue, left onto Commonwealth Avenue outbound, right onto Hereford Street, right onto Commonwealth Mall, crossing Arlington Street to the Public Garden, through the Public Garden returning to the Boston Common.The Walk for Hunger 5 K will begin at 7:30 AM on Charles Street and is expected to be over by approximately 8 AM. An estimated 3,000 runners will turn right onto Boylston Street, right onto Arlington Street, left onto Commonwealth Avenue westbound, under Massachusetts Avenue, left onto Charlesgate West, left onto Commonwealth Avenue eastbound, under Massachusetts Avenue, right onto Arlington Street, left onto Boylston Street, left onto Charles Street to the finish line.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday temporary parking restrictions will be in place as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday and Sunday temporary parking restrictions will be in place as follows.The Walk Up the Earth Parade and Festival will take place on Saturday, May 6 with 300-500 people participating in two parades.One parade will begin at 11 AM on Centre Street at the intersection of South Street, proceed north on Centre Street, turn right onto Lamartine Street, ending at the corner of Boylston and Amory Streets.The second parade will begin at 11:40 AM on Washington Street at the Egleston YMCA parking lot, proceed on Washington Street, turn left onto Columbus Avenue, left onto Centre Street, turn right onto Lamartine Street, ending at the corner of Boylston and Amory Streets.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in place as follows.The Polish Constitution Day Parade will take place on Sunday, May 7, with 200-300 participants.The parade will begin at 12:15 PM at Our Lady of Czestochowa Church, 655 Dorchester Avenue, South Boston, proceed on Dorchester Avenue, turn left onto Fr. Songin Way, left onto Boston Street, ending at Al Zwiercan Way.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 11 AM to 8 PM temporary parking restrictions will be in place as follows.
I am disappointed that Congress voted today to repeal the Affordable Care Act. This action will hurt people living with pre-existing conditions, deny access to essential benefits including substance use treatment and recovery services, and trigger large reductions in vital funding to Massachusetts. I stand with our Congressional Delegation in opposing this harmful proposal and vow to continue working to ensure that our residents have access to adequate, affordable health care.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh has announced the start of enrollment for Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) annual citywide BCYF SuperTeens Program this summer. Youth ages 13-14 in the SuperTeens program will have the opportunity to attend weekly leadership development workshops, gain work experience in BCYF community centers and participate in field trips to Bostons arts and cultural institutions.""This program gives younger teens real work experience that will prepare them for future education and employment,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Theyll also have the opportunity to make new friends, visit a variety of places in their City and attend workshops designed to empower them with important life skills.""Sponsored by Comcast, and The Foundation for BCYF, program goals include providing hands-on work experience and/or service experience for each youth, engaging youth in high-quality leadership development workshops based on BCYFs Youth Development Outcomes, and developing creative writing skills by teaching youth to share personal learning experiences in writing.All SuperTeens applicants must complete an applicationby Friday, May 26. The SuperTeens Program will operate at the following community centers:The SuperTeens program will run seven weeks beginning on Wednesday, July 5, and ending on Friday, August 18. The teens will work Monday through Friday from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Participants must be at least thirteen years old on or before July 5 to participate and will receive a stipend at the end of the summer for successful completion of the program. The application and other information can be found on BCYFs website at Boston.Gov/BCYF."
Here at the City Archives, we remember Kathryn White for her advocacy for Bostons senior citizens.While studying social work at Newton College of the Sacred Heart, she met and fell in love with a Boston College Law School student named Kevin White. They married in 1956.During her husbands tenure as Mayor of Boston, Kathryn White became active in the Citys Elderly Commission. She advocated for more services for the elderly, including transportation to hospitals and hot meal delivery. In 1979, in addition to acting as first lady, she took a part-time job consulting for Boston University Medical Center on issues involving the elderly. Evidence of Kathryns advocacy for Bostons seniors is found in her husbands mayoral records, which are held by the City Archives. For example, these photographs, taken in 1975, show Kathryn White visiting a group of elderly Bostonians in her native Charlestown on Valentines Day.To learn more about the Kevin White administration and Kathryn Whites involvement in the citys Elderly Commission, visit the Guide to the Mayor Kevin White records.
Since the Citys founding, Boston has shaped and been shaped by its waterfront. Wharves and, later, neighborhoods built along its shore have the provided the foundations for the regions economy, while seminal events in the founding of our country occurred in Boston Harbor. When the City last developed a citywide plan for its waterfront in the 1980s, the City was confronting significant challenges along its shore: the daily discharges of raw sewage were fouling the water, Bostons population was declining precipitously, and the waterfront industrial economy was experiencing significant job losses. This plan,Harborpark, guided housing and commercial development along the waterfront, preserved key areas for vital water-dependent industries, and enhanced and expanded the publics access to the waterfront.Since the completion ofHarborpark, much has changed. Today, Boston has a clean harbor, a robust economy, and growing population, but faces new challenges, including decreasing affordability, persistent inequality, and a growing flood risk from a changing climate. A key component ofImagine Boston 2030, the Citys first citywide comprehensive plan in fifty years, is a renewed vision for its waterfront that leverages the opportunities of a revitalized waterfront to address these significant technical, financial, and organizational challenges to create a thriving waterfront for all for generations to come.This vision was developed with input from City leaders, informed by conversations with community members, and refined by the citywide Waterfront Group, which convened in the summer of 2016. Over 1,700 people participated in the waterfront visioning, by using building blocks to envision Bostons future waterfront evolution, through postcard comments on waterfront priorities, and more than fifty groups across eight community workshops designed possible ferry routes.Some of the routes residents suggested include expanded harbor ferry service to connect East Boston, Charlestown, Downtown, and the Seaport. Additionally, residents mentioned a desire for new ferry or water taxi service along the Mystic River, Fort Point Channel, and the Chelsea Creek.All of the feedback collected coalesced into the following Waterfront Vision and Guiding Principles:In the face of growing climate-related risks and changing economic realities, Boston envisionsThis vision of our waterfront can be realized through nine priorities guided by our principles:The Imagine Boston Waterfront: Assessment and Vision contemplates some potential actions in specific neighborhoods based upon these priorities, which will guide future planning, regulation, and implementation to ensure that the City of Boston creates an resilient, inclusive, and sustainable waterfront for future generations.As we work toward finalizing the Imagine Boston 2030 plan this spring, we still want to hear from you! Did you participate in this activity? Share your experience onTwitter,Facebook, andInstagramusing #ImagineBoston. And as always, dont forget to sign up for Imagine Bostonupdates!Have you had a chance to read theExpanding Opportunitydraft? We need your feedback! Share your thoughts on a physical copy at anyBoston Public Library branch, online through oursurvey, or via email atimagine@boston.gov!
"This group, called the Religious Improvement Society, organized the charter of Park Street Church in February of 1809 and three months later, on May 1, they laid the churchs cornerstone.Since its founding, Park Street Churchhas been an active participant in Bostons religious and cultural life. Early in the churchs life, Bostonians referred to the church as brimstone corner, either because of""fire and brimstone"" preaching at the church, or because gunpowder was stored in the churchs basement during the War of 1812.Park Street Church became known for far more than fire and brimstone however. Various cultural organizations and political movements found their beginnings at the Church, including the Handel and Hayden Society in 1815, the American Temperance Society in 1826, and the Animal Rescue League in 1889.  Prior to the Civil War, Bostonians came to know the church as a center of abolitionist activity.Edward Beecher, brother of Harriet Beecher Stowe and a strong abolitionist, became the churchs pastor in 1826, and three years later, on July 4, 1829, William Lloyd Garrison used the church to make his first public statement against slavery. The American Peace Society frequently met at Park Street Church throughout the 19th century, and in 1849, Charles Sumnergave a famous address entitled ""The War System of Nations.""In the 20th century, Park Street Church played key roles in the founding of the Boston branch of the NAACP, War Relief (now World Relief), Gordon-ConwellSeminary, Fuller Theological Seminaries, and the religious publication Christianity Today. Today, Park Street Church is both an active religious congregation and a historic site on Boston's Freedom Trail.To learn more about the history of Park Street, Church, you can access theirarchival records at the Congregational Library. There's acatalog of Park Street Church's records. You can also view a historical timeline of their congregation's history."
"Reaffirming his commitment to bringing quality library services to neighborhoods throughout the City, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the reopening of the Jamaica Plain Branch to be held onMay 20after a $10 million renovation, along with nearly $14 million in planned library projects across the City in FY18, and an additional $102 million in funding for library projects slated for FY19-FY22.Mayor Martin J. Walsh's FY18-FY22 Capital Budget reflects a commitment to the Boston Public Library as a 21stcentury urban public library under the leadership of the Trustees of the Boston Public Library and BPL President David Leonard. This year, BPL and the City of Boston Public Facilities Department will open the renovated Jamaica Plain Branch, break ground on new branches, launch design and programming studies for others, and address a slate of interior and exterior upgrades in branches across the City.A ribbon cutting ceremony will take place onSaturday, May 20 at 11 a.m.to celebrate the reopening of the Jamaica Plain Branch at 30 South Street. The $10 million renovation revitalizes the branch services and spaces, including a 20 percent increase in space for the community to read, browse the collection, access computers, attend and host meetings, and participate in programming. All are welcome to attend this event.""Libraries are essential resources for neighborhoods, and it is important that we continue investing in them to improve access, add services and build a strong sense of community,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The renovation project in Jamaica Plain is a great example of how we're giving community members the 21st century services needed to pursue their passions. I am grateful to all involved for bringing this project to fruition, and look forward to the future projects across the City that will enhance our libraries.""""The renovation is a collaborative effort between the City of Boston, the library and the community, and we are confident the renovation will serve as a gathering space for lifelong learners, meeting the needs of our users today and well into the future,"" said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library. The renovation features a 700-square foot addition facing South Street that will serve as a community reading lounge a terrace along Sedgwick Street where residents can read and mingle multiple meeting spaces improved and more flexible space for children, teens and adults and a refreshed collection of 30,000 items. Technology improvements include 15 new desktop and 20 laptop computers, free WiFi, additional self-checkout stations, and creativity software in the new digital maker-space. Other features include an elevator for full ADA accessibility to all levels, new and more efficient mechanical systems, parking for over 20 bikes, and new exterior landscaping.Boston Public Library, the City of Boston's Public Facilities Department, Utile, Inc. Architecture & Planning, the design firm for the project, collaborated closely with the Friends of the Jamaica Plain Branch Library and the community at-large to design a renovated library that fulfills the needs of library patrons and visitors. The general contractor for the project is Colantonio, Inc.Most major renovations or new construction projects undergo a programming, design, and construction phase, including significant community engagement to gain input, feedback and insight from users. The American Institute of Architects (AIA), along with the American Library Association (ALA) recently awarded eight library buildings across the United States with their annual AIA/ALA Library Building Award. Two of the eight buildings recognized with this award were City of Boston projects, including the East Boston Branch and the Central Library Renovation of its Johnson Building.Follow progress on these projects below viawww.bpl.org/branchcapitalprojects.Breaking Ground on New Branch Library ProjectsDudley Branch ConstructionIn FY18, construction will begin at the Dudley Branch. This $14.7 million project is a comprehensive building renovation focused on supporting a welcoming and inviting experience and improved space for library services. The project includes the relocation of the entrance to improve its connection with Dudley Square, interior renovations to improve connections between the building's spaces, and enhanced community and program space.Temporary Library Services in Chinatown in 2017This calendar year library services will be restored to Chinatown after 54 years, fulfilling long-term community advocacy to restore library services to the neighborhood. These temporary library services will open at the China Trade Center located at 2 Boylston Street in Chinatown in 2017, while a planning project for long term services is underway. The location will include services such as a community gathering space, a place to study and learn, and access to computers and the internet.Programming Studies to Transform Our BranchesFields Corner BranchIn FY18 planning will begin for a facility assessment and building program to identify the needs of the community, and condition of the current branch building. A total of $12.1 million is being invested as part of the five-year Capital Plan.Uphams Corner BranchIn FY18, planning will begin at the Uphams Corner Branch to re-imagine library services and spaces for the Uphams Corner neighborhood. A total of $18 million is being invested as part of the five-year Capital Plan.Long Term Library Services in ChinatownIn FY18, planning for long term library services for the Chinatown and downtown communities will continue. This process will inform the Chinatown Library Services Planning Study and identify the types of program spaces, technology, and collections that are of interest to the community.In addition, this calendar year library services will be restored to Chinatown after 54 years, fulfilling long-term community advocacy to restore library services to the neighborhood. These temporary library services will open at the China Trade Center located at 2 Boylston Street in Chinatown in 2017, while the planning project for long term services is underway. The location will include services such as a community gathering space, a place to study and learn, and access to computers and the internet.Design Projects to Re-Imagine Our BranchesIn FY18, design projects will begin at the Adams Street and Roslindale branches. In the design phase, architects review, update, and enhance the information from the programming study and start to design a building or renovation with the assistance of engineers and relevant discipline specialists.Adams Street BranchIn FY18, the design process for the 65-year old Adams Street Branch will launch. The soon-to-be completed programming study and community process will result in recommendations for new construction that will expand the building footprint, and add new meeting rooms, an enhanced teen space, and redesigned outdoor spaces. The total project cost, including construction is estimated at $12.6 million.Roslindale BranchIn FY18 the Boston Public Library will continue the design process for the renovation of the Roslindale Branch. The renovation design will reconfigure the layout of the interior of the building using as a starting point a planning study completed with the community in 2013. The total project cost including construction is estimated at $6.7 million.Facility Improvements to Update Existing Branch SpacesCentral LibraryAs part of the FY18-FY22 Capital Plan,$15.7 million will be invested to help preserve the historic rare books and manuscripts collectionat the Central Library. The first phase of the project commenced in February 2017 with an inventory of the Rare Books & Manuscripts Department's nearly 250,000 rare books and one million manuscripts, in preparation for the second and major phase of the project: substantial renovation with a focus on environmental and mechanical improvements to better regulate temperature and humidity control of the department's collection storage areas, staff spaces, conservation lab, and public reading room.Parker HillIn FY18, critical repairs to the Parker Hill Branch will address a series of faade and exterior problems and prevent future leaks at the branch. The project also includes interior painting, plaster repairs, masonry repairs, and window replacement. The total project cost is $2.4 million between FY17-FY19.Lower MillsIn FY18, the Lower Mills Branch will undergo an interior reconfiguration project, which will include minor electrical and technology infrastructure upgrades, as well as new carpet, paint, and some furniture, with particular attention to the borrower services area. The total project cost is $94,000.South BostonIn FY18, the South Boston Branch will undergo a facilities project to improve landscaping and access to its exterior garden, for a total cost of $99,000.South EndIn FY18, the South End Branch will undergo an interior reconfiguration project, which will include major electrical and technology infrastructure upgrades, as well as new carpet, paint, and some furniture, for a total cost of $132,000.West RoxburyIn FY18, the West Roxbury Branch will undergo an interior reconfiguration project, which will include minor electrical and technology infrastructure upgrades, for a total cost of $100,000.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a children's room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org."
Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a new Citizen Preservation Award in recognition of the indispensable role volunteers play in preserving Boston's cultural heritage and historic resources. The first two recipients of the award will be honored tonight at the Boston Landmarks Commission's (BLC) Preservation Month kickoff event.""I applaud the public participation by volunteer commissioners, board members, and community advocates that is necessary to preserve Boston's historic places and resources,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage all residents to get involved and explore Boston's incredible history.""The first recipients of the new Citizen Preservation Award are Charles Deknatel for his unwavering volunteer service and support of the City's Archaeology program and Rob Dinsmore for his update of more than 660 survey forms of Charlestown. Local historical commissions, preservation advocates and professionals, and the general public are encouraged to nominate individuals from outside the professional disciplines of Historic Preservation, Archaeology, Landscape Design or Architecture that have shown outstanding dedication to the preservation of the City of Boston's historic resources. Those interested can contact BLC staff by email atBLC@boston.gov.The recipients will be presented with their awards tonight at the BLC's Preservation Month kickoff event at the Old State House at6:00 p.m.The event is co-sponsored by the Bostonian Society and features a conversation with preservation planner Lynn Smiledge called 'So How About That CITGO Sign?'highlighting some of her recent experiences as the BLC's Chair.""This year's awardees were the inspiration for what will become an annual celebration of the individual contributions that help keep Boston, Boston,"" said Executive Director of the BLC Rosanne Foley. ""We're excited to redefine what it means to preserve and protect our City.""In addition to the awards and kickoff event, the BLC is sharing events for Boston residents and visitors to enjoy throughout the month. The events celebrate historic places, promote heritage tourism, show the social and economic benefits of historic preservation, and are either free or low-cost to the public. The BLC is also offering free posters that celebrate Boston's Landmarks and historic places to download and print.Established in 1975 to identify and protect Boston's historic buildings, structures, areas and sites, the BLC is the City's preservation planning agency.It preserves Boston's historic buildings, places, and neighborhoods through protective designation and design review. There are over 8,000 properties located today within the city's nine local Historic Districts or designated as individual Boston Landmarks by the BLC. For more on the BLC, visitboston.gov.In addition, view the calendar of events and free printable postersonline."
"Mayor Martin J. Wash is encouraging Boston youth ages 16-18 to apply now for Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Snap Shot Teen Photography Program. This unique summer job program is made possible via a partnership between BCYF and the John Hancock MLK Summer Scholars Program.The BCYF Snap Shot program teaches youth about photography while they explore Bostons neighborhoods, museums and historic sites. The young people also photograph many BCYF community centers, programs and events.This is a great summer employment opportunity for teens that are interested in learning photography while exploring our City and making new friends,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Thank you to John Hancocks MLK Scholars Program for supporting this program.A professional photographer teaches the program. Participants learn about different techniques, equipment and concepts. They are also introduced to a variety of professional photographers through books, websites and exhibitions in art galleries and museums around Boston.The program also includes field trips to different neighborhoods in Boston.At the end of the summer, their work is showcased at an exhibition.The program will run from Tuesday, July 5-Friday, August 18.Participants will work 20 hours each week. Interested young people can learn more about the program online. Deadline for applying is Friday, May 19."
Women who would like to learn to ride a bike, or sharpen existing skills, will have an opportunity to do so in the City of Boston this summer. The Boston Transportation Department today announced that basic bike riding as well as street skills clinics are scheduled to take place free of charge from May through September at locations throughout the City.A key priority of our Go Boston 2030 plan is ensuring that Boston residents have access to a variety of transportation options, said Mayor Walsh. I am proud that through these clinics, we are able to extend opportunities for more people to take advantage of bicycling, while becoming better prepared to confidently make their way around the City.The Boston Transportation Department is working diligently to improve our bicycle infrastructure and provide streets that are welcoming to bike riders, said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. I am pleased that we are able to offer this instructional opportunity that will help women in Boston get involved in bicycling as a means of transportation, or simply for exercise and recreation.Clinics are open to all residents of Boston who identify as women. Pre-registration is required on the program website at www.boston.gov/women-bike . Space is limited and early registration is strongly encouraged. Registrants are asked to bring their own bikes and helmets, or may request to borrow equipment from BTD through the registration process.The clinics are supported in part by Lets Get Healthy, Boston!, a partnership of the Boston Public Health Commission and the Boston Alliance for Community Health to make it easier for residents to make healthy choices in physical activity. This three year initiative is funded by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Preventions Partnerships to Improve Community Health grant, and is working to reduce the prevalence of obesity, tobacco use and exposure, heart disease, stroke and diabetes in the City of Boston.The current instruction schedule is as follows. For more information, including additions to this schedule, please see the program website.Basic Skills  These clinics are intended for those who never learned to ride or need to brush up on basic skills.Street Skills  These clinics are for women who have the basic skills, such as, starting, stopping and turning, but want to build their confidence riding on the streets. They are generally held immediately following Basic Skills Clinics. If you are attending a preceding Basic Skills Clinic, you do not need to register separately for the Intro to Street Riding Clinics.The Boston Transportation Department is also continuing a partnership with the Boston Public School Department to teach bicycle skills in school. Three thousand students in grades two through twelve will learn bicycle safety through lessons, practice and having fun this spring and fall. The program has worked with over 35,000 Boston youth since 2009.
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture today announced HEROIC ENCOUNTERS: Artists Respond to Boston City Hall, a series of events exploring the role of art and design at City Hall.
The site for Faneuil Hall Market had long been a gathering place for Bostons merchants and peddlers. In1824, Mayor Josiah Quincy led a massive project to extend the market and build formal market buildings to house stores and stalls for Bostons merchants.Finished in 1826, the new market was cleaner and more efficient than previous markets. Mayor Quincys efforts were so appreciated that Bostonians began to call the market Quincy Market, even though Mayor Quincy had resisted having the market named after himself.Take a look at these images of minutes from the City Council Joint Committee on the Extension of Faneuil Hall Market. If you're interested in learning more about the extension of Faneuil Hall Market Place, you can view ourGuide to the City Council Committee on the Extension of Faneuil Hall Market records.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that Boston Saves, the City of Boston's children's savings account program, has been awarded a $150,000 grant from the Boston Foundation to help fund the next two years of its three-year pilot. The funding will help support a financial incentives program to encourage families to save for their children's future, an online platform where families can track their savings, and school programming around financial education and family engagement.""Boston Saves has already reached 246 kindergartners, helping hundreds of Boston families expand their financial capabilities and setting up our children for a brighter future,"" said Mayor Walsh.""I thank the Boston Foundation for their partnership and shared vision to provide more opportunity for our city's children to succeed.""Mayor Walsh launched Boston Saves last fall with the goal of helping families of Boston Public Schools (BPS) kindergartnerssave money for their children's college or career training. Boston Saves provides each participating kindergartnerwith an account that is automatically seeded with $50. Using an online platform, families can also earn financial incentives for consistent saving and tracks all their savings for their child in one place. Participating schools host family events and classroom activities to promote saving as a fun, community-wide effort.In the first year of its pilot, Boston Saves has so far provided seeded accounts to 246 kindergartners at five participating Boston Public Schools:The next two years of the pilot are projected to add another 1,100 children to the program. By Fall 2019, the initiative is slated to begin roll-outto all Boston's public school K2 kindergarten classes.Research suggests that children's savings account programs can encourage college attendance and completion. Low-income children with $500 or less in a savings account dedicated to higher education have been shown to be three times more likely to enroll in college and four times more likely to graduate from college.By 2020, 77 percent of jobs in Boston are projected to require some form of post-secondary education or training.""The Boston Foundation has long recognized that post-secondary education is a key driver of economic mobility and equity,"" said Paul S. Grogan, President and CEO of the Boston Foundation. ""We're proud to partner with the City of Boston in an effort that will help families plan for their children's future success at the very earliest stages in the education pipeline.""The Boston Foundation's $150,000 contribution marks a significant addition to the $800,000 that the Eos Foundation, the City of Boston, and other funders have invested in Boston Saves.The Office of Workforce Development is an affiliate of the Boston Planning & Development Agency.About the Mayor's Office of Workforce DevelopmentThe Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD) is an innovative agency within the Boston Planning & Development Agency that seeks to ensure the full participation of all Boston residents in the city's economic vitality and future. The OWD funds and oversees programs that promote workforce development through education, jobs training, apprenticeships, financial coaching, career pathways, literacy initiatives, and the like. Please visitOWD.Boston.Govto learn more about the OWD's work.About The Boston FoundationThe Boston Foundation, Greater Boston's community foundation, is one of the largest communityfoundations in the nation, with net assets of some $1 billion. In 2016, the Foundation and its donors made $100 million in grants to nonprofit organizations and received gifts of more than $107 million. In celebration of its Centennial in 2015, the Boston Foundation launched the Campaign for Boston to strengthen thePermanent Fund for Boston, the principal endowment fund focused on the most pressing needs of Greater Boston. The Foundation is proud to be a partner in philanthropy, with more than 1,000 separate charitable funds established by donors either for the general benefit of the community or for special purposes. The Boston Foundation also serves as a major civic leader, think tank and advocacy organization, commissioning research into the most critical issues of our time and helping to shape public policy designed to advance opportunity for everyone in Greater Boston. The Philanthropic Initiative (TPI)The Philanthropic Initiative, a distinct operating unit of the Foundation, designs and implements customized philanthropic strategies for families, foundations and corporations around the globe. For more information about the Boston Foundation and TPI, visittbf.orgor call617-338-1700."
More than 60 of you tuned in to learn more about Climate Ready Boston, the current projects the City is involved with to address climate change preparedness, and ways to get involved. Mia Goldwasser is the Climate Preparedness Manager for the City of Boston, walked attendees through theClimate Ready Boston report, including the proposed solutions, and ways to get involved. Towards the end of the webinar, we answered audience questions that weve transcribed below.
This year, the Budget Office worked closely with the Citys Digital Team to unlock this budget information with the public in three new ways: an in-depth budget website, a quick 100-second video on how the budget works, and live streams of budget presentations on Facebook and YouTube.Its important for us that people understand the budgeting process, so we made a video using a real example, our investment in a hokey street cleaner for every Public Works District, from this years operating budget.Context is everything when trying to examine a budget. Sometimes department budgets are misunderstood by focusing only on an increase or decrease from the previous year without understanding the drivers of those changes. At a high level, every cabinet page describes the major changes in the department budgets right next to the budgeted figures. You can examine the Police department budget and learn that while their budget is increasing by 2.6%, they are avoiding $10 million in overtime costs and investing in 20 new police cadets to provide a stable pipeline of diverse young people for future police officer classes. Budget.boston.gov also helps us explain how funding for City employee cost of living increases - while still very much necessary to pay the teachers that educate our children and rangers that patrol our parks - is centralized in collective bargaining reserves until collective bargaining negotiations are complete.The new website makes our capital plan more accessible. Over 14,000 voices informed our Imagine Boston Capital Plan, and we wanted to make sure they could see how their input has been implemented. Budget.boston.gov organizes our capital projects into Imagine Boston 2030 initiatives and explains how those projects are aligned with BuildBPS, GoBoston 2030 and other plans under the Imagine Boston 2030 umbrella. For example, the website explains how Boston, in collaboration with State and Federal sources, will invest $709 million over the next five years in implementing the core initiatives outlined in Go Boston 2030.Mayor Walsh presented the Imagine Boston Capital Plan in East Boston at the Central Square transportation and park projects. To make sure residents from all parts of Boston could experience that event, we moved beyond the limitations of the site and live streamed the presentations on Facebook and YouTube. Most importantly, we had two live stream cameras recording at the same time so you could watch both the presenter and get context from the presentation. We live streamed the launch of the operating budget one week earlier, too.As we launch our City Council hearing process today, which youre welcome to attend, we are excited to share our operating budget and capital plan with you. We hope you will dive into our featured analysis cards to learn about our revenue, watch our live streams on social media, and play with our interactive map to see the capital projects in your neighborhoods. Now that you know how the budget works, review Mayor Walshs recommendations for how well build a thriving, healthy, and innovative City together as Bostonians.In partnership with the Budget Office, the project was led by the Citys Digital Team as part of our commitment to making City information more accessible to the public. Building on the newly redesigned Boston.gov, we used Jekyll to pull information from the budgeting software into the dynamic tables you see on budget.boston.gov today.
The parade and related events will result in street closures and traffic detours, and reduce on-street parking availability. Those coming into Boston for the festivities are encouraged to take alternative forms of transportation, including Hubway and the MBTA. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at on the Hubway website and information on the MBTA may be found online. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket. The Back Bay is also a great neighborhood for walking both to and within.Marchers will gather on Boylston Street, between Dalton and Exeter Streets. Beginning at 1 p.m., the parade will proceed on Boylston Street at Exeter Street, left onto Charles Street, and end at the Boston Common.The following streets will be closed to traffic from Noon to 4 p.m., with the Boston Police Department making adjustments as necessary.In addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday temporary parking restrictions will be in effect on the following streets to accommodate these events.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh joined public health officialsTuesdayto launch new neighborhood-based trauma response and recovery teams that will offer immediate support to Boston residents and ongoing access to evidence-based trauma treatment.Overseen by the Boston Public Health Commission, the NTTs will support residents' and the community's ability to heal following a traumatic event. Specifically, the NTTs will offer individual and family crisis response services, short-term case management, coping groups and ongoing trauma recovery services.""With the new Neighborhood Trauma Teams, in the aftermath of violence, community health centers, hospitals and community groups will now be able to coordinate immediate response and sustained recovery for all those affected,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Together, we'll break the cycle of violence and help support those who are healing.""This model was designed with input from over 350 community residents and providers through 14 neighborhood listening sessions hosted by BPHC, during which BPHC staff heard what residents and communities need most following a violent or traumatic event.""As a result of these listening sessions, we designed a citywide comprehensive strategy to meet the needs of residents following a traumatic event,"" said Chief of Health and Human Services Felix Arroyo. ""Funds will support the Neighborhood Trauma Teams and a mobile vendor that is able to serve residents across the city, regardless of where they are or where the incident happened.""""Over the past five years, BPHC has trained over 120 clinicians across the city in evidence-based trauma treatment and provided trauma awareness training to over 2,500 youth workers working in community-based organizations,"" said BPHC Executive Director Monica Valdes Lupi, JD, MPH. ""The Neighborhood Trauma Teams will build on existing efforts and enhance response and recovery services for residents impacted by violence and trauma, creating a coordinated system of care in the City to address the needs of every resident, and identify and mitigate the impact of trauma on Boston families.""""As trusted providers located right in our neighborhoods, health centers are well-positioned to provide critically needed trauma recovery services and to work with community partners to improve the comprehensive response to violence in our City, said James W. Hunt, Jr., president and chief executive officer of the Massachusetts League of Community Health Centers. ""The impacts of trauma are far reaching and this funding increases our centers' ability to offer skilled and compassionate care to those who suffer its effects.""The NTTs are supported through a combination of City funding and grants from Boston Children's Hospital and Partners HealthCare System. The Justice Resource Institute's SMART Team will provide a 24-hour hotline for residents seeking support and citywide trauma response services for neighborhoods where a funded team is not based. This mobile team will also support the funded teams with backup care as needed.The teams were selected through a competitive RFP process and include:The NTTs will conduct community outreach and engagement to ensure residents know how to access services, and will host community meetings to share safety information and provide safe spaces for groups to come together for healing.About the Boston Public Health CommissionThe Boston Public Health Commission, the country's oldest health department, is an independent public agency providing a wide range of health services and programs. It is governed by a seven-member board of health appointed by the Mayor of Boston.Public service and access to quality health care are the cornerstones of our mission - to protect, preserve, and promote the health and well-being of all Boston residents, particularly those who are most vulnerable. The Commission's more than 40 programs are grouped into six bureaus: Child, Adolescent & Family Health Community Health Initiatives Homeless Services Infectious Disease Recovery Services and Emergency Medical Services."
"The City of Boston, in partnership with the Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) and with funding from the Barr Foundation,released today a Request for Proposalsto expand climate resiliency planning to the Fort Point Channel and the South Boston Waterfront. The goal of this work is to identify specific neighborhood solutions to coastal flooding from sea level rise and storms.""The South Boston Waterfront is an opportunity for us to address the impacts of climate change head on,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""We've committed to making our neighborhoods more resilient, and this process will be another important step in that direction.""The proposed project will provide technical, design and engagement support in the development of climate preparedness policy and design strategies for the South Boston Waterfront and Fort Point Channel as part of the Climate Ready Boston initiative. Climate Ready Boston is coordinated with Imagine Boston 2030 to address the impacts of climate change while creating new economic opportunities and improving quality of life in neighborhoods across the City.""These efforts will be guided by the principles, strategies, and initiatives proposed in last year's Climate Ready Boston report,"" said Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space Austin Blackmon. ""We're eager to put words to action in preparing South Boston for the impacts of climate change.""As identified in theClimate Ready Boston reportreleased last year, the probability and extent of flooding in the South Boston Waterfront, particularly near Fort Point Channel and to the north along Boston Harbor, will steadily increase over the course of the century as the sea level rises.Earlier this year the City and BPDA began similar neighborhood-level resiliency planning inEast BostonandCharlestownwith the support of the Massachusetts Office of Coastal Zone Management and the Barr Foundation. As announced in the City'sproposed capital budget, Boston is investing significantly to expand this planning to more of Boston's most climate vulnerable neighborhoods. These areas include East Boston-Jeffries Point, Charlestown near Charles River Dam, downtown waterfront near the Aquarium, and Dorchester Bay-Moakley Park."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Office of Neighborhood Services today launched Boston's first annual Civic Engagement week, beginning Monday, April 24,and running through Saturday,April 29. This week will be dedicated to highlighting ways residents can become engaged in their communities and increasing awareness of events and projects they can participate in.""As we head into spring, I encourage Bostonians throughout our City to engage with their local community, and get involved,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Civic Engagement week is a great opportunity for everyone to come together, meet their neighbors, and make our City better.""Mayor Walsh kicked-off Civic Engagement week at the Fenway Victory Gardens, where the Mayor began his summer-long neighborhood coffee hours, an opportunity for residents to meet Mayor Walsh, and engage with leaders from across City departments.In addition to Civic Engagement week events, this week also beginsLove Your Block, a high-impact spring cleaning program that encourages residents to improve their neighborhoods over the course of three weekends. Spring cleaning locations include community gardens, pocket parks, public schools and sidewalks. Love Your Block, previously known as Boston Shines, will now include year-round cleanups, applications for innovative beautification mini-grants and new uses for City-provided tool sheds. Residents can sign up to volunteer atBoston.gov.""Civic Engagement week and Love Your Block cleanups are a great way for residents to get civiclly engaged and learn about City resources that can help keep their streets and neighborhoods clean,"" said Kaira Fox, program director of Love Your Block. ""I want to thank everyone involved in the program for their commitment to becoming more engaged in their community.""Additional Civic Engagement week events include:SPARK Civic Engagement Workshop, 6 p.m. - 8 p.m.Boston City Hall, 1 City Hall Square, 9th Floor, Room 900Using Generation Citizen's established curriculum of issue identification, combined with representatives from different City Government departments, residents will learn an action-based civics framework.Local faith leaders will organize food baskets for the community.Ethos and the Elderly Commission will sponsor an information fair for seniors to learn about available City services.The City Hall to Go truck will be parked outside of BCYF Grove Hall in Roxbury.The City Hall to Go Truck will be parked outside BCYF Condon in South Boston.SPARK Boston will be hosting a Millennial Social at the Sam Adams Brewery, open to Boston Millennials 21 and older.Imagine Boston 2030 will host the first Forums on the Futurea series of panel discussions hosted by Imagine Boston 2030, designed to engage experts on questions around how Boston has changed, and the future of the City. RSVP here.Love Your Block Cleanups, time and locations varied.Love Your Block Cleanups, time and locations varied.Elderly Commission Spring Fling10:30 a.m. (This is ticketed event)Mayor Walsh and the Elderly Commission will hold the annual Spring Fling.Members of Renew Boston will help residents learn how to save on monthly bills and make theirhome or rental unit even more enjoyable than it already is.A full calendar of events can be found onBoston.gov.Love Your Block began under the Civic Engagement Cabinet in 2015, established with grant money from the nonprofit Cities of Service. The initiative supports an annual mini-grant competition, neighborhood cleanups (formerly Boston Shines), and hosts the Civic Engagement Week as a way for residents to get involved in their local government. Please visit theLove Your Block websitefor more information."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh, The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, and the Boston Open Studios Coalition today announced the 2017 Season of Boston Open Studio events. Throughout Boston, neighborhoods will host Open Studios and Art Walk Events, giving residents and visitors an opportunity to explore neighborhoods, meet artists, purchase artwork and learn about artists' creative practice.DATESTUDIOApril 22-23,12 - 6 p.m.17th annual East Boston Open StudiosFort Point Arts WalkSeptember 16-17,11 a.m. - 6 p.m.31st annual South End Open StudiosSeptember 23-24,11 a.m. - 6 p.m.24th annual Jamaica Plain Open StudiosSeptember 30-October 1,11 a.m. - 5 p.m.19th annual Roxbury Open StudiosFort Point Open StudiosDorchester Open StudiosOctober 21-22,11 a.m. - 5 p.m.Roslindale Open StudiosOctober 21-22,12 p.m. - 6 p.m.November 4-5,12 - 6 p.m.South Boston Open StudiosNovember 11-12,11 a.m. - 5 p.m.Fenway Open StudiosNovember 11-12,12 - 6 p.m.31st annual Allston Open StudiosDecember 2,12 - 6 p.m.East Boston Open StudiosDecember 2-3,11 a.m. - 5 p.m.Charlestown Open Studios
"The Boston Planning & Development Agency (BPDA) and the Department of Neighborhood Development (DND) today announced that the 226 - 232 Highland Street E+ Green Building project in Roxbury has been selected as a 2017 American Institute of Architects (AIA) Housing Award Winner, one of three across the country in the ""One and Two Family Production Home"" category.""In Boston, we lead the nation in so many areas because we constantly challenge ourselves to do better,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""I thank the AIA for honoring our work alongside Interface Studio Architects and Urbanica in Roxbury. We will continue to aggressively pursue projects that make our City greener and more sustainable for the long-term.""The development is part of the City of Boston's E+ Green Building Program, which is managed jointly by the BPDA, DND, and the City of Boston Environment Department. The architect and developer, ISA / Interface Studio Architects and Urbanica, were selected through a competitive design competition announced by Mayor Walsh last year.The four wood-frame townhomes, located at the corner of Highland and Marcella Streets in Roxbury, produce more energy than they consume in a year. The homes are also certified as LEED Platinum, the US Green Building Council's highest recognition for sustainable design.All of the townhomes are energy efficient with highly insulated air-tight walls and windows, LED lights, solar panels and water efficient plumbing. The design features, which include energy recovery ventilation, ensure access to fresh air while allowing the homes to keep a consistent temperature throughout the year with minimal heating in the winter or cooling in the summer months.The AIA's Housing Awards emphasize good housing as a necessity of life, a sanctuary for the human spirit, and a valuable national resource. Recipients show the world how beauty, safety, sustainability, and comfort can come together.Piloting new practices like these E+ Green Buildings that are net-positive reflects some of the strategies outlined in the City's Updated 2014 Climate Action Plan for reducing Boston's greenhouse gas emissions by 25 percent by 2020 and for achieving the goal of carbon neutrality by 2050. With buildings contributing almost three quarters of Boston's greenhouse gas emissions, Boston's E+ Green Buildings significantly reduce emissions and pioneer the practices that will enable us to achieve our goals. Boston will continue to pilot net-positive building practices with new and expanded E+ Green Building and E+ Green Communities offerings."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a new pilot outreach program to increase awareness and understanding of the climate impacts Boston faces today, and in the future. The Climate Ready Boston Leaders program aims to prepare and connect neighbors to build a more climate resilient city by offering toolkits in multiple languages. These toolkits will educate residents on how climate change will impact Boston, and what they can do to get involved. The pilot program's goal is to give Boston's leaders the tools they need to discuss and address climate change on a community level.""The climate disruptions Boston is facing are real,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We have an opportunity to build a thriving city, while preparing for a changing climate. It's important to address that challenge with everyone at the table, and we're equipping our residents with the knowledge and tools to participate.""The pilot program helps Bostonians facilitate discussions on how Boston can prepare for those impacts and take part in climate resiliency planning. Participants in the program will receive a toolkit that includes customizable materials to share information and start conversations about climate preparedness within their own organizations and networks. The toolkit includes:Individuals interested in joining the pilot program must sign up on the City's website byMay 11, and will be asked to attend a training in Boston on how to facilitate discussions around climate preparedness onMonday, June 5thorTuesday, June 6th.The City's Environment Department worked with Climate Access, a team of experts in climate change communications and research, Boston's Green Ribbon Commission, and community leaders to develop the toolkit and training for the new program. Additionally, the City received funding from the State's Commonwealth Compact Cabinet to further develop the program, including translating the materials in five languages other than English. ""Building a more resilient future for Boston is a collaborative effort,"" said Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space Austin Blackmon. ""We're eager to see Bostonians equipped with the best knowledge about climate impacts and share it with their neighbors. We hope to reach new people who may not think about this challenge, but are vital to the solution.""Climate Ready Boston is the City's ongoing initiative to prepare Boston for the impacts of climate change in coordination with Imagine Boston 2030. Last December,the City released a reportshowing that Boston can tackle the challenge of climate change while creating new economic opportunities and improving quality of life in neighborhoods across the city."
Andrea Burns spearheaded an intergovernmental team --that included Patricia McCormack of the Elderly Commission, Friends of the Codman Square Library, Norfolk Hardware, Home Depot - South Bay, City Councilor Frank Baker, Jim Sheehan of the Boston Park Department, and City of Boston Dream Team-- and was able to build raised organic vegetable beds on land in back of the Codman Square Library for the seniors in the community with a zero dollar budget. In addition to working on the project itself, Andrea Burns fielded a team from Boston Center for Youth and Families, young people, Patricia and the Friends of the Codman Square Library. Through the salvage operation and construction, and the planting of the beds the project displayed an amazing collaboration between interdepartmental cooperation, neighborhood engagement, the support of Codman Square Librarian Janice Knight and the passion and commitment of Carl and Arnetta Baty and other members of the Friends of the Codman Square Library. The beds are still up and waiting for the Spring season to start!Members of Second Church in Dorchester and other community leaders launched Codman Square Goes Solar, an initiative focused on expanding access to solar to low-moderate income homeowners. As part of the 2016 Boston Interfaith Community Solar Project, Second Church in Dorchester recently installed a solar array on their historic church building. Through this program, anyone with a qualifying roof can participate as a solar host for no cost, and receive electricity savings. The coalition is seeking additional homeowners and property owners to sign-up to host solar through the Codman Square Goes Solar initiative and or participate in the Community Solar initiative where additional panels can be added to the church roof for the benefit of the community.UFI supports urban farms, farmer training and an annual conference that attracts 400+ people who are engaged in urban farms. Each year, UFI trains 10 - 20 new farmers, supports 4 farms in low-income neighborhoods, and is building out the historic Fowler Clarke Farm in Mattapan with Historic Boston as a center for fresh food access and education. UFI is creating a land trust, and regularly engages hundreds of residents in farmers markets and training to access healthy food.In May 2016, Pam and GreeningRozzie launched The Memory Tree Project. Volunteers are matched with City street trees to care after and water, helping ensure that they reach maturity while also publicly honoring a loved ones by displaying an Memory Tree sign. Thanks to the more than twenty volunteers in 2016, a number of trees that might have succumbed to the severe drought have a good chance of surviving to maturity, helping to reduce the impact of climate change, and beautify the Roslindale community.As volunteers John and Dorothy (right) have stated: win/win all around! The Project is ongoing and the hope is that it will expand to other Boston communities.Pam has also coordinated volunteers to water 14 trees, planted by GreeningRozzie with a grant from Grow Boston Greener, at the Roslindale MBTA Station.Green Streets Initiative (GSI) was founded in 2006 to cultivate the car-light movement. For civic and business leaders committed to sustainability, GSI is the volunteer organization that celebrates car-light transportation with concrete, inclusive, and engaging programs which inspire healthy lifestyles and thriving communities.Our signature event, Walk/Ride Days, is a monthly day of awareness about healthy and environmentally friendly commuting opportunities. Walk/Ride Days take place the last Friday of the month, year round. They encourage individuals, schools, workplaces and communities to meet their transportation needs using healthy and environmentally friendly modes, such as walking, bicycling, or using mass transit.Since 2012, GSI has conducted an innovative cross-industry competition for workplaces who want to promote sustainability and health, called the Walk/Ride Day Corporate Challenge. The Challenge competition helps companies meet their sustainability goals, energize employees, and build team spirit. Over 60 companies have taken part, including Dana Farber Cancer Institute, City of Cambridge, and State Street Corporation. By combining specific and easily achieved goals, gentle peer pressure, and a sense of competition and fun, Walk/Ride Days give people positive experiences that lead to immediate and long-term behavior changes. For more information, visitwww.GoGreenStreets.orgThrough partnerships with the City of Boston and the Metro Mayors Coalition, the Trust for Public Land is demonstrating how parks and open space can prepare Boston for a growing population as well as a warmer, wetter, low-carbon future. By planning, funding, protecting, and creating new parks and open spaces that benefit vulnerable populations, The Trust for Public Land is cooling heat islands with new trees, connecting neighborhoods with improved pedestrian corridors, absorbing stormwater with urban farms, and protecting neighborhoods from coastal flooding by promoting new funding sources for coastal resilience.Learn more about the Trust for Public Lands Climate-Smart Cities program.
"As part of Imagine Boston 2030's ongoing engagement efforts, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced ""Forums on the Future,"" a series of panel discussions hosted by Imagine Boston 2030, designed to engage experts on questions around how Boston has changed, and the future of the City. The moderators, including Sacha Pfeiffer from the Boston Globe, Rene Loth from ArchitectureBoston Magazine, and Alex Krieger from the Harvard Graduate School of Design, along with expert panelists will discuss how their sector can influence, impact, and help to implement Imagine Boston 2030.The series includes three separate events: ""The History and Future of Planning in Boston"" onThursday, April 27, ""The Role of Philanthropy in the Future of Our City"" onWednesday May 3, and ""How Academic Institutions Play a Role in Boston's Future"" onTuesday, May 9. Each panel discussion is free and open to the public, but registration is requested. Learn about event details and registering.""Forums on the Future is a series of conversations about the past and future of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage all residents to attend these events to hear from some of the city's experts, who will delve into how we all can play a role in bringing Imagine Boston 2030 to life. These panels will touch on our City's history and how we can move forward together, through city planning and partnerships.""Last week, Mayor Walsh presented his $2.08 billion proposed Fiscal Year 2018-Fiscal Year 2022 (FY18-FY22)Imagine Boston Capital Plan, which makes critical investments in the City's infrastructure. With investments in every Boston neighborhood, the Mayor's capital plan begins to bring to life Imagine Boston 2030. Under the Imagine Boston 2030 umbrella, the City is investing in the core goals of BuildBPS, Go Boston 2030, Boston Creates, and Climate Ready Boston. An estimated 77 percent of the investment in the FY18-22 Capital Plan is aligned with the City's newly announced planning efforts.To learn more about the Imagine Boston 2030Expanding Opportunityplan, and provide feedback, please visit the Imagine Boston website."
These three items represent Italys rich history, and Im pleased that through the cooperation of the Department of Homeland Securitys U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement and the U.S. Attorneys Office, the Boston Public Library was able to ensure the safe return of these artifacts to their rightful homes in Italy, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. I thank everyone involved in this successful process.Boston Public Library took action upon learning of the claims and that the provenance of these historical treasures was incomplete, and we are very pleased to report that these items are returning home to Italy after being cared for by the BPL for decades, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library.Boston Public Library purchased these rare and important materials in good faith for the public to see and study and we took our stewardship of them seriously during the many years that they were in our care. We are fully committed to their safe return to Italy so they can continue to be utilized and appreciated by new researchers and scholars, said Beth Prindle, Boston Public Librarys Head of Special Collections.Boston Public Library legitimately purchased all three items from well-known rare book dealers during the mid-twentieth century. Mariegola della Scuola di Santa Maria della Misericordia was acquired in 1960 from Philip Duschenes of New York, the illuminated manuscript leaf was obtained in 1955 from the Italian dealer Olschki, and the Bernardino Telesio volume was purchased in 1980 from Michael R. Thompson of Los Angeles. The medieval manuscript and leaf became part of the librarys Medieval and Early Renaissance Manuscripts Collection of Distinction, a notable collection which totals nearly 250 volumes and single leaves dating from the 10th through the early 16th centuries. These special collections materials are administered through the BPLs Rare Books & Manuscripts Department, which holds nearly 250,000 rare books and one million manuscripts.Questions about the Mariegolas provenance emerged through new independent scholarship and a recent project funded by the library to research and describe its medieval manuscripts holdings in preparation for electronic cataloging and digitization. The Mariegola della Scuola di Santa Maria della Misericordia was written in Bologna in 1392 for the use of the scuola (confraternity) of Our Lady of Mercy at Valverde, a spiritual and charitable brotherhood. It was part of the scuolas collection until the confraternity was dissolved in 1803, at which point it passed into the collection of the State Archive of Venice. Beginning in 1879, the manuscript was on permanent display in the Archives Sala Diplomatica Regina Margherita. The manuscript was taken off exhibition in the late 1940s, at which time several manuscripts disappeared under unknown circumstances, including the Mariegola della Scuola di Santa Maria della Misericordia. The second mariegola, a single illuminated parchment leaf on vellum from Mariegola della Scuola Grande di San Giovanni Evangelista, had been removed at an unidentified date from a larger manuscript still held by the Archivio di Stato in Venice.The third item, Telesios Varii de natvralibvs rebvs libelli, is a rare printed collection of works by the Italian philosopher and natural scientist Bernardino Telesio. It bears the signature of Cardinal Ludovico II De Torres (1552-1609), who served as Archbishop of Monreale, Italy and donated his personal book collection. The BPL had recently digitized the volume and made it available through the Internet Archive the Ludovico II De Torres Library curator recognized the Cardinals signature while viewing the book online and made inquiries about the book through government channels.Boston Public Library and the City of Boston worked collaboratively with the U.S. Attorneys office and Homeland Security to coordinate the effort to contact and return the items to the State Archives of Venice and The Library of Ludovico II De Torres in Monreale, respectively.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced acall for artistsfor temporary public artwork on the exterior of the Finland Building at 774 Albany Street. The call for artists is a joint effort between the Boston Public Health Commission, the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services, the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, and the Boston Art Commission. ""The City is working hard to improve the neighborhood around Melnea Cass and Massachusetts Avenue, and we see public art as an integral part of this initiative,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This call for artists offers our local creatives an opportunity to create art that embodies the values of resiliency and hope, offering encouragement and support for those who utilize recovery services.""The Finland building houses a number of the Boston Public Health Commission's addiction recovery services programs. Clients come to the Finland building for a broad range of services, including harm reduction services, which area set of practical strategies aimed at reducing negative consequences associated with drug use,and as an entry point for detox and other treatment programs. The building is adjacent to Boston Healthcare for the Homeless and across from Boston Medical Center, the city's safety-net hospital.""Our team at the Finland have created an environment where everyone feels welcome, cared for, and connected,"" said BPHC Executive Director Monica Valdes Lupi, JD, MPH. ""Adding a warm and inviting artistic element outside of the building will help us strengthen efforts to engage clients who might be otherwise intimidated by the idea of seeking services for the first time. It will also build on our work to be a good neighbor in our community.""The proposed space for public art is an outside wall next to the entrance of the Finland Building. The entire wall is available and measures 70' x 20'. A second, perpendicular wall is also available and artists may propose an artwork that spans both walls. ""We are excited about this opportunity to beautify a City building that is a central access point for addiction recovery supports,"" said Jen Tracey, Director of the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services. ""Public art is one strategy the City is using to reflect the strength and resiliency of the people who access our services.""The call for artists is open to all professional artists, artisans or teams with experience in public art, site responsive design and project management. The initial amount budgeted for this project is $8,000, which includes artist fee, materials, and installation. The artist will be selected by the Artist Selection Committee, which is comprised of representatives from the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services and the Boston Public Health Commission as well as two local artists. The final artwork design will be approved by the Boston Art Commission. The call is available online and all submissions are due bynoononMay 9, 2017.""As we look to integrate public art across the city, it's important that each installation considers the uniqueness of the neighborhood,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""We know that art can be a powerful ally in the recovery process. We are looking forward to seeing how the artists can offering messages of hope and healing through their work.""In the span of only a few square miles, there are several opioid treatment clinics, two of the largest emergency shelters in the region, a detox facility, a long-term residential treatment program, a resource and referral center that places scores of individuals in treatment every day, a peer recovery center, the biggest harm reduction site in New England, and a world-class health-care organization whose mission it is to serve our city's most vulnerable residents.More information and applications are availableonline.Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's Cultural Plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program (BostonAIR) curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. The Mayor's Office of Recovery ServicesThe Mayor's Office of Recovery Services is the first municipal recovery office in the United States. The office utilizes a highly localized, collaborative approach to actively address substance use and addiction in Boston's neighborhoods. Working in tandem with all City of Boston departments, building unique partnerships with State & Federal entities, local service providers, and the recovery community to coordinate citywide recovery strategies."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) have announced the release of the 2017 BCYF Summer Grants RFP. Applicants may apply for a 2017 BCYF Summer Grant of up to $4,000 to support fun, safe, enriching youth programming this summer. These grants will increase both the number and variety of programs serving youth and will ensure that youth across the City have access to activities and opportunities this summer.Thousands of Bostons young people will have a great summer thanks to the agencies the BCYF Summer Grant supports, said Mayor Walsh. I am pleased to be able to offer this grant to support the innovative and engaging programming provided by our non-profit partners during the summer months.The grants range from $2,000 to $4,000 and will support summer programs in Boston neighborhoods. Ages to be served must range from 6-18 and may include young adults up to age 21. Programs must operate between July 10 and August 31. Last year, over half of the 79 programs that were awarded funding had a sports, recreation, fitness or health-related focus, while others were art-based, educational or community and civic engagement opportunities.I cant wait to review the applications we will receive from all areas of the City, said William Morales, Commissioner of BCYF. Even though BCYF offers hundreds of summer programs, we rely on our non-profit partners to join us in keeping Bostons youth happy, healthy and safe during the summer.The deadline to apply is 5 p.m. on Monday, May 1. For more information including the RFP, please visit Boston.Gov/BCYF.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF)is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayors Summer Jobs Program.
"Together with the five families who lost loved ones as a result of the events of the 2013 Boston Marathon, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Father John Unni from St. Cecilia Parish, who was asked to facilitate this effort in order to provide emotional and spiritual support, today announced initial plans for installations to commemorate the victims and survivors of the April 15, 2013 Boston Marathon bombings. A phased process will include the siting of markers on the two bombing locations, followed by the eventual installation, after a robust public process, of a larger monument signifying the resilience of the City.""We will never forget the events of April 15, 2013,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Together, these memorials will create a place for people to connect with each other, and to reflect. The result will be a testament to the spirit and resiliency of the people of Boston, and a way to honor those we have lost, and those who are still healing.""The artist selection and design process for the Boylston Street memorial markers started approximately one year ago and included preliminary discussions with a variety of world-renowned artists. The families described their aspirations for a timeless memorial and the artists responded with preliminary design concepts for their review and consideration. ""It is really a honor and a privilege to accompany these beautiful families through the process of creating a lasting memorial to loved ones who died on that day and are so deeply missed,"" said Father Unni. ""I hope that over time, these memorials will serve as a beacon of peace, reflection and remembrance.""The families unanimously selected Pablo Eduardo to design the markers on the two bombing sites on Boylston Street. A graduate of the The School of the Museum of Fine Arts and Tufts University, Mr. Eduardo has over 20 years of experience creating sculptures. Eduardo will work in collaboration with the families, the City of Boston and the Boston Art Commission to design, construct, and install this memorial. ""It is humbling to have been chosen to create a work of art that will honor the victims of the 2013 Boston Marathon attack,"" said Mr. Eduardo. ""Art is a powerful vehicle for remembrance and healing, and my goal is for this art to embody the spirit of those we lost and the spirit of the city they loved.""The art installation at the site(s) of the attack is scheduled to be complete by April 2018.Additionally, on April 24, 2017, the City of Boston will seek proposals from qualified consultants or a team of professionals to carry out a public engagement process that will culminate in the selection of an artist to design a work to honor and commemorate the survivors and victims, as well as Boston's first responders. This process will ensure that the call for artists, as well as the final artwork, reflects the resilience and resolve of the people of Boston in the face of unspeakable loss and tragedy.The consultant will begin working toward an agreed-upon approach for the project with the City of Boston and key stakeholders, before leading approximately four months of public engagement outlined in a public engagement plan. The City is encouraging a breadth of engagement methods including public town-hall style meetings, digital campaigns, exhibits or hands-on activities, marketing and outreach through multimedia, with consideration for translation and maximizing access to participation. Results of the public engagement will shape the call for artists.The City of Boston, the Boston Art Commission, and the consultant will manage the design and installation of the work with the artist, maintain a schedule, as well as facilitate meetings on design and feasibility. Final budget for the artwork will be included in the call for artists and finalized by the City. The anticipated completion date for this installation is April 2020."
Take a few minutes to clean up your online accounts. Review social networks, email, shopping sites, cloud storage,etc., and figure out if there are any that could be closed. In your open accounts, are there items you can clean out that aren't needed (for examplesaved credit cards numbers, saved passwords in a web browser, or old files in cloud storage)? Finally, is it time for a password refresh? If so, remember to make your newpassword unique and secure!Next, take some timeto go through the security settings on all your social media accounts. You want to review your settings to make sure only the people you want to be able to see your information can, while others can't. Is there a social mediaaccount (MySpace!) you really haven't used for a while? Close it out! You can alsoset up two-step verification on your password for most social media accountsto add an extra layer of security to them.Finally, take a little time to check out the computers, laptops, tablets, and phones you use every day. Delete any unused apps, clean out those old downloads, and archive old files. Then, take out the trash (empty your recycle bin or trash bin). Protect your device with a time-out lock and make sure there isa password, PIN, fingerprint, etc.set up to unlock it. Check thatall your software is up-to-date, especially your security software (anti-virus is a MUST).
Did you know April is Financial Literacy Month?We know how difficult it can be to balance your finances. To help City employees and their families, we've worked with the City of Boston Credit Union to create BALANCE. This free and confidential program is here to help!BALANCE provides access to financial education and resources. The program also offers financial counseling to help City employees and their families with budgets. To learn more, please visit the BALANCE website or call,toll-free, 888-456-2227.
Like anyone who manages a website, our team keeps an eye on Google Analytics to track our web traffic. Whats popular? What content are people looking for? What content are they finding? The point, of course, is to use metrics to drive improvements to the site  what we display, where we display it, etc.We noticed years ago that our food truck schedule is often one of our top three most visited pages, especially during the summer months. Wed assumed this was because of the recent popularity of food trucks and the fact that boston.gov is the central place to find that information. It was only last week, after our old food truck schedule went on the fritz, that we peeled back that web traffic and learned the truth.We looked at open source options to replace our food truck schedule. We were surprised to find several options exist. We were even more surprised to find there are a handful of apps focused on Bostons food trucks specifically several of them getting their data by using bots to regularly scrape boston.gov.On the one hand, that means our traffic numbers are artificially high for that page, boosted by bots scraping the site. On the other hand, it means our food truck information is being disseminated to an audience outside our Google analytics, artificially depressing the traffic number. In any case, its clear we havent been looking at an accurate traffic number for that page and its not likely well have one in the future.Its situations like this one that keep us skeptical of the metrics we focus on. Theres a lot to unpack behind each number that changes the solutions we build. If our food truck schedule is truly one of our most visited pages, then we should invest time to make sure its built well and prioritize it above other projects. However, if users find this info in other places then we should instead maintain a lightweight food truck schedule on our site and prioritize building an API for the data that others can use to update their apps (rather than scraping our site for it).So thats what weve done. Check out our new food truck schedule, a minimum viable version that well use until we can invest time in making it more user friendly. In the meantime, were focused on other projects and building an API so food truck apps can more easily consume our data.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today presented his $2.08 billion proposed Fiscal Year 2018 - Fiscal Year 2022 (FY18-FY22) Capital Plan, which makes critical investments in the City's infrastructure in every Boston neighborhood, guided by Boston's citywide plan, Imagine Boston 2030. With the City's planning efforts well underway, Mayor Walsh is proposing to maximize the use of all resources available for capital investment in this year's plan. The initiatives included in this Capital Plan will move Boston residents' priorities from idea to action by:""This Capital Plan prioritizes investments in Boston's neighborhoods and is a direct reflection of the feedback we received from thousands of residents who contributed ideas to our planning processes,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud that we are able to put the wheels in motion to begin investing in projects that are important to Boston's people, and that will prepare our City for a year of groundbreaking success.""Under the Imagine Boston 2030 umbrella, the City is investing in the core goals of BuildBPS, Go Boston 2030, Boston Creates, and Climate Ready Boston. An estimated 77 percent of the investment in the FY18-22 Capital Plan is aligned with the City's planning efforts. In order to more expeditiously address the City's investment aspirations, Mayor Walsh has increased planned borrowings by 22.5 percent over last year's plan, leveraged one-time funding sources including Winthrop Square Garage sale proceeds and the Parking Meter Fund surplus balance, and advanced the City's usage of the Massachusetts School Building Authority (MSBA) Accelerated Repair Program.""As we begin the process of reviewing Mayor Walsh's budget, I am pleased to see the inclusion of increased funding for longstanding facility and infrastructure improvements throughout the entire city,"" said City Councilor Mark Ciommo, Chair of the Ways and Means Committee. ""I look forward to working with my City Council colleagues and the Administration during the upcoming budget hearings, and I am confident that further collaboration will lead to a fiscally responsible budget for a sustainable and equitable future in Boston.""Today's budget complements Mayor Walsh's proposed FY18 operating budget, which was released last week, and is designed to balance sustainability and increased investments in key initiatives to more fully support Boston's neighborhoods.For more information about the Capital Plan, please visit budget.boston.gov, a new website about the operating budget and capital plan that unites the budget numbers with the context so residents can understand how Boston's budget works.Mayor Walsh has committed $1 billion over ten years to bring Boston's school buildings into the 21st century, and this Capital Plan launches that investment with funding for 21st century classrooms, MSBA Accelerated Repair Program partnerships, completion of projects in the pipeline, and reserves for future projects identified by BuildBPS community engagement and feedback. Through a dedication of City capital funds and a strong working relationship with the Massachusetts School Building Authority (MSBA), the plan will more than double the capital spending on BPS facilities over the next decade. Slated to be completed in winter of 2017/2018, the $73 million Dearborn STEM Academy (Dorchester) will open for students in September 2018. The project, which leverages a projected $37 million match from the MSBA, is designed based upon a project-based learning curriculum, with an emphasis on STEM education.Over the next two years, the Eliot School (North End) construction projects will be completed. The new $23 million North Bennet Street building will welcome 5th to 8th graders this fall into a 21st century learning environment, while this summer, the final phase of construction will begin at the Commercial Street building.Mayor Walsh's FY18-22 Capital Plan, drawing on city, state and federal sources, will invest $709 million over the next five years in implementing the core initiatives outlined in Go Boston 2030: streets that are safer for all users of our roads and sidewalks, particularly pedestrians and cyclists travel that is more reliable and predictable and quality transportation choices that improve access to interconnect our neighborhoods for all modes of travel. The Capital Plan notably invests in the transformation of Hyde Square, North Square, Central Square, Dudley Street, and Boylston Street.The FY18-22 Capital Plan focuses on adding protected bicycle lanes on every ""Great Streets"" project, and on off-street paths, such as the Fenway-Roxbury Connector, South Bay Harbor Trail, and Connect Historic Boston, all complemented by continuing the $900,000 annual investment in the Strategic Bicycle Network. Consistent with Imagine Boston 2030 and Go Boston 2030, the Capital Plan funds a multi-year program to create improved and signalized intersections, including the Father Hart Bridge area in Hyde Park, where the City aims to install new traffic signals at each end of the bridge, as well as at the interconnected signals in Wolcott Square.The City will invest $10 million in Boston Fiber Network (BoNet) to improve Boston's fiber backbone and infrastructure. The project will provide broadband services to 73 Boston Public Schools, 24 family public housing developments and more than 100 City buildings, while also strengthening public safety communications.Through the use of Winthrop Square proceeds, City capital dollars, and leveraging external funds, Mayor Walsh plans to carry out early actions to implement Imagine Boston 2030's Open Space goals, including investing in Franklin Park as a keystone park for the city and restoring Boston Common to its full vibrancy.Mayor Walsh recognizes the need for inclusive design and has created robust budgets for park renovation projects at Martin's Park in the Seaport, Smith Playground in Allston, and McConnell and Garvey Parks in Dorchester. This year, Mayor Walsh will launch a $4.8 million pathway improvement around Jamaica Pond, Phase II of Mary Hannon Playground in Roxbury, and a $4 million renovation of Reservation Road Park in Hyde Park. FY18 will also bring the beginning of the renovation of the 45-acre Harambee Park.Leveraging outside funding, the Capital Plan allows for development of more detailed climate plans for Boston neighborhoods, especially those most at risk for coastal flooding, as recommended in Climate Ready Boston.Through Renew Boston Trust, Boston will undertake renovation projects to reduce City buildings' energy consumption and capture the resulting financial savings.Boston is renovating several neighborhood community centers to better serve residents' needs. In FY18, Mayor Walsh is launching a major renovation to the BCYF Curley Community Center, an asset of the South Boston community. Construction will begin in FY18 on renovations to the BCYF Vine Street Community Center in Roxbury and the BCYF Gallivan Community Center in Mattapan.Mayor Walsh's Capital Plan invests in reconstruction of roads and sidewalks in the Whittier Street housing development in conjunction with a $30 million Housing and Urban Development grant to revitalize the development and surrounding neighborhood. Known as Whittier Choice, the project will ultimately create a total of 387 mixed-income rental units.Boston will also be renovating the second floor of the Woods Mullen Shelter to increase programming space, including housing search services and front door triage that enables shelter staff to meet with every new guest entering the shelters to conduct an in-depth assessment.The Percent for Art Program, funded for the first time in Mayor's Capital Plan, demonstrates the City's leadership and commitment to sustainable funding for the arts by setting aside one percent of the City's annual capital borrowing for the commissioning of public art. The City projects to borrow $170 million in FY18 to support the capital plan, and will invest one percent, or $1.7 million, in public art projects in FY18.In FY18, a $15.7 million project will be launched to preserve the Library's valuable and historic special collections in rare books and manuscripts.This project will begin with the inventory of the Central Library in Copley Square's Rare Books & Manuscripts Department's nearly 250,000 rare books and one million manuscripts.The Mayor's Capital Plan also launches projects for new or renovated spaces at the Uphams Corner and Fields Corner branches in FY18. It includes funding for new, smaller scale facility improvement projects, including interior updates at the South End, Lower Mills, and West Roxbury branches, as well as landscaping and exterior space upgrades at the South Boston Branch.The City is also renovating neighborhood firehouses and police stations. Design is underway on the new East Boston Police Station, a $25.5 million project that will replace the existing A-7 station. The new Engines 42 in Roxbury and 17 in Dorchester will be among the first of firehouses in the nation that reflect safety enhances that keep fire contaminants away from living areas, and improve personal and gear cleaning facilities.The Police Department is upgrading and replacing its radio system to serve our police officers, as it had outlived its useful life. The project will include $56 million in operating and capital investments over four years.Mayor Walsh's Capital Plan includes funding for Youth Lead the Change, a participatory budgeting process where young Bostonians make decisions about how to spend $1 million each year. Projects funded to date include providing laptops in schools, park renovations, adding trash cans and recycling bins, and installing wifi in schools and community centers.Mayor Walsh launched the City Hall Master Plan to allow Boston to rethink the way the public interacts with government in City Hall and to enliven the plaza. The City has successfully launched pilot projects, including ""Boston Winter"" on the plaza and the exterior lighting installation to enhance the building's original design and City Hall plaza. The City has also begun lobby renovations to provide a new visitor entrance, information desk and signage, and coffee kiosk to make the building more user-friendly. With funding through the FY18-FY22 Capital Plan, the City will renovate the plaza and transactional spaces in City Hall to provide a more inviting space to the public while making needed infrastructure and accessibility improvements."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch of a major capital project at the Boston Public Library to help preserve its historic rare books and manuscripts collections, as outlined in Mayor Walsh's Fiscal Year 2018 - Fiscal Year 2022 (FY18-FY22) Capital Plan being releasedtomorrow.""The Boston Public Library has the distinct honor of serving as the steward of some of our nation's finest and most historic collections,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud that through this Capital Plan, we are able to invest in the preservation and care of these collections to ensure their longevity and increase public access to these cherished items.""The first phase of the project commenced in February 2017 with an inventory of the Rare Books & Manuscripts Department's nearly 250,000 rare books and one million manuscripts, in preparation for the second and major phase of the project: substantial renovation with a focus onenvironmental and mechanical improvements to better regulate temperature and humidity control of the department's collection storage areas, staff spaces, conservation lab, and public reading room.The project will be managed by the City of Boston's Public Facility Department, and the total project is estimated to cost approximately $15.7 million between FY18-FY20.This capital project continues the Boston Public Library's renewed commitment to improve intellectual control and custodianship of all its special collections that began with the Print Department inventory launched in 2015.The Rare Books & Manuscripts Department serves as the Boston Public Library's principal repository of rare books, manuscripts, and artifacts of permanent or enduring value collected for their intellectual content and historical significance. Highlights of the library's extraordinary holdings-one of the largest in the United States-include medieval manuscripts dating from as early as the 10thcentury Colonial and Revolutionary War letters and documents early printed books and President John Adams's personal library.""As stewards of these most valuable and historic collections, we take our responsibility for their care extremely seriously initiating this capital project ensures our rare books and manuscripts collection will be preserved, accessible to all, and utilized as intended today and for the future,"" said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library.""This significant project enables the Rare Books & Manuscripts Department to better serve the public by creating a sustainable preservation environment that is critical to the collection's long-term care,"" said Laura Irmscher, Boston Public Library's Chief of Collections.To accommodate the inventory project, rare books and manuscript materials are on a limited viewing schedule untilThursday, April 27, when the collections will close to accommodate the environmental and mechanical improvement work. For more information on the viewing schedule, please visithere.Special accommodations are currently being planned for viewing of other BPL special collections materials such as items from the BPL's print and art collections. During the closure, patrons may visitarchive.org/details/bostonpubliclibraryandwww.digitalcommonwealth.orgto view a portion of the Library's Special Collections. Limited remote reference services will also be available.Today's announcement complementsMayor Walsh's proposed FY18 operating budget, which was released last week, and is designed to balance sustainability and increased investments in key initiatives to more fully supports Boston's neighborhoods.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a children's room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) today launched Analyze Boston, the City's open data hub.Analyze Bostonwill create a user-friendly digital catalog of facts, figures, and maps that reflect on life in Boston, such as maps of Boston's historic districts and datasets of 311 services requests.""In Boston we don't shy away from new technologies -- we embrace them as we look for ways to better serve the residents of our City,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Building off of previous, successful models like CityScore and 311, Analyze Boston will make civic data easily available to all our residents.""Analyze Boston curates more than a hundred datasets, enriches them with descriptive information, and pairs them with tools for data exploration and analysis to broaden their accessibility. Most importantly, the site presents the City's data with plain language and vivid imagery to spark the imaginations of all City residents, regardless of technical background.Sparked by a grant from the Knight Foundation's News Challenge competition, the City's Department of Innovation and Technology partnered with the Boston Public Library to create a user-friendly digital catalog of facts, figures, and maps that reflect on life in Boston.""Boston has been an innovator in using data and analytics to improve many aspects of City Services,"" said Andrew Therriault, the City's first Chief Data Officer. ""I am thrilled to share all the work we've done on Analyze Boston with our residents so they can better access open data in their City. Analyze Boston represents our desire to share meaningful data and information with everyone in this city in a way that is clear and relevant.""Analyze Boston is the City's latest step to set a better example by improving government transparency, increasing accountability and fostering civic participation throughout Boston. This next generation open data hub will support the city's goal of publishing open datasets of high quality with clear public value.During the site's beta period, the Analyze Boston team shared how they planned to re-imagine the open data experience and asked for feedback to help figure out how to make the site as functional as possible for current and future users. Working with partners AppGeo and OpenGov, the Department of Innovation and Technology worked to build out the site, and improve its functionality.The newest features coming to Boston include implemented data dictionaries, added downloadable file formats, an enhanced data preview experience and improved content. There will be more datasets and improvements as the year goes on.The release is a significant milestone for the Knight Foundation funded ""Open Data to Open Knowledge"" project, which seeks to democratize access to the City's datasets.For more information on Analyze Boston visit data.boston.gov, sign up for their newsletter, or follow them on Twitter at@AnalyzeBoston."
The Boston Marathon and the Citys PatriotsDay Parade will be held on Monday, April 17. The BAA 5K, Invitational Mile, and the Kids Relay Races will be held on Saturday, April 15. These events will affect the Back Bay and North End, as well as Government Center over the Patriots Day weekend.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of a Request for Proposals (RFP) that will expand the Boston Fiber Network (BoNet) through a$10 million investment in its fiber backbone and infrastructure. The project will provide broadband services to Boston Public Schools, public housing and more than 100 City buildings, in addition to strengthening public safety communications.""Boston is a world-class city -- and that needs to include our technology,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""That's why my administration has made the first significant fiber network expansion in over ten years. With this investment, are continuing to provide opportunities for our students, and providing our police, fire and emergency services with the communication and information tools they need. Through expanding the City's fiber network, we are working to close the digital divide, and make broadband services available to all.""The City of Boston's Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) is requesting proposals that will bolster the City's existing BoNet infrastructure and provide future connectivity to the Boston Housing Authority's (BHA) family developments and critical public safety sites. Additionally, this investment will help the City to expand and improve public safety services across the City and present opportunities to deploy Wicked Free Wi-Fi to a broader geography.The City is seeking multiple proposals and options, including citywide solutions, indivisible multi-zone solutions, and solutions by individual zone(s). Respondents may submit a proposal for one, two, or all three categories.This investment will match the Boston Public Schools' demand for connectivity and broadband capacity for its students and educators. Expanding Boston's Fiber Optic Network to these schools will deliver gigabit (1 Gbps) bandwidth capacity for PARCC online testing, online learning, administrative and video services and in-campus Wi-Fi, along with additional services. In the future, the City will be able to offer faster speeds using the same fiber optic cables.Currently, over 130 City buildings are connected to Boston's Fiber Optic Network, including interconnection to state agencies and a remote data center and colocation facility. The BoNet network is the backbone for connectivity in City buildings, phone service, public safety video surveillance and wireless access points, including Boston's Wicked Free Wi-Fi. By operating its own fiber network, the City saves millions of dollars per year in telecommunications costs.This network buildout will expand the BoNet network by connecting the remaining 73 Boston Public Schools with City fiber, as well as 24 family housing developments and other sites for public safety and transportation services.To view the RFP, visit:boston.gov/procurement,select ""Access the Supplier Portal"" and search for EV00004171"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced acall for artistsfor the Alternative Space Pilot Program, a partnership between the City of Boston and local businesses and institutions, allowing artists and organizations to apply for non-traditional space to create and rehearse. The call for artists is for two spaces within the Starr Center at Massachusetts Eye and Ear. Today's announcement builds on the success of the the first Alternative Space Pilot located at the AT&T Flagship Store, where Mayor Walsh recently joined two classical music groups, Equilibrium Ensemble and Castle for Our Skins, to celebrate their selection as the first performers for the program.First announced as part of the implementation strategy for theBoston Creates Cultural Plan, the Alternative Space Pilot Project is designed to respond to a need for affordable rehearsal and work space. The program creates partnerships with private organizations, allowing artists to use underutilized private space as rehearsal space.""I am excited to be able to build on the success of the Alternative Space Pilot Program to include a new location that allows artists and arts organizations the unique opportunity to rehearse in non-traditional venues,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am grateful for our partnership with Massachusetts Eye and Ear, who have stepped up to help provide rehearsal space. It's this type of collaboration that helps us move the Boston Creates plan and our city's cultural scene forward."" The call for artists is now open and information is availablehere.The two available spaces are the auditorium and a break-out room located on the second floor of the Starr Center. The spaces will be available free of chargeMonday-Fridayfrom9 a.m. - 9 p.m.and are ideal for performing arts groups in the disciplines of music, dance, and theater. The call for artists is open to individual artists, non-profit organizations and artist groups. ""We are excited that Massachusetts Eye and Ear has two spaces available for artists and arts organizations for the Alternative Space Pilot Program,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""This opportunity continues to address the challenge of rehearsal space and will help artists continue to create in Boston.""Before applying, interested applicants are encouraged to see the space first hand. Massachusetts Eye and Ear and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture will host a walk through of the spaces onThursday, April 20 at 1:00 p.m.This walk through is open to the public.""At Mass. Eye and Ear, we believe in the power of the arts,"" said John Fernandez, President and CEO of Massachusetts Eye and Ear. ""We are thrilled to have the opportunity to dedicate some space to local artists and be part of this ground-breaking pilot program. We look forward to working with the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture to select a group who will transform our theatre and break-out room into vibrant rehearsal space.""The deadline to apply is onMay 5, 2017 at 5:00 p.m.Applications will be reviewed by a selection committee and one artist or organization will be selected for each available space based on fit for the space, a demonstrated need for space and a demonstrated history of sharing artistic work with the public and contributing to the arts and culture sector in Boston. The successful artist or organization will be announced in late May 2017. More information and applications are availableonline.Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's Cultural Plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program (BostonAIR) curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information, please visithere.About the Boston Creates Cultural PlanThe cultural plan was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen Boston's cultural vitality over the long term. The fullcultural plan can be found online athttp://plan.bostoncreates.org."
Were proud to announce the official release of Analyze Boston, Bostons new open data hub. During our site's beta period, we shared how we want to re-imagine the open data experience. We asked for feedback to help us make our site as functional as possible for all our current and future users. The feedback streamed in this past month, including a nice note from Australia. The feedback we received didn't go into a black hole. We've worked with our partners AppGeo and OpenGov to address over 60% of the issues raised to date. We also identified more longer term issues that we will continue to work on in the weeks and months to come.So, you might be asking, what improvements will now be available on Analyze Boston?We will spotlight some of these features below to highlight the City's next generation open data experience.
April school vacation week is coming and Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) has a full schedule of activities for youth of all ages. A complete schedule of BCYF centers vacation week activities is available at boston.gov/bcyf. A few highlights include:Several centers including BCYF Blackstone, BCYF Charlestown, BCYF Perkins, BCYF Roslindale, BCYF Shelburne and BCYF Tobin Community Centers are offering a structured all-day vacation week program for young children featuring a wide variety of activities. During school vacation week, BCYF Swim for Safety program provides free swim lessons for children and adults under the watchful eyes of lifeguards. BCYF pools are offering Swim for Safety including BCYF Condon, Curtis Hall, Draper, Flaherty, Hennigan, Leahy-Holloran, Mattahunt, Madison, Mason, Paris Street and Perkins Community Centers. Contact the pool directly for information and to register. Find your local pool here.BCYF Lifeguard Institute teaches youth ages 16 to 18 how to be a lifeguard and will be offered at BCYF pools in April including BCYF Curtis Hall, Draper, Flaherty, Leahy-Holloran, Mason, and Quincy Community Centers. Find your local pool here and contact the staff directly for information and to register.BCYF is partnering with the Boston Parks & Recreation Department to co-host the annual All Girls Sports Festival. This free four-day event allows girls ages 11-14 to try out different sports and fitness activities and to take part in workshops. Register online.
"In a ceremony before family, friends and community members, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Fire Department Commissioner Joseph E. Finn presided over the graduation of 49 Boston firefighters today at Florian Hall. Recruits were presented their badges and certificates after a 20-week course of study at the Boston Fire Academy on Moon Island.""I'm proud that today 49 new members will join the Massachusetts firefighting family, and I'm confident this new class of recruits will carry on the Boston Fire Department tradition of excellence,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Firefighting is a demanding, tough career. To all our new firefighters, I want you to know Boston is grateful for your hard work -- and from investments in equipment to new health measures, we'll do everything in our power to give firefighters the resources they need to keep our City, and themselves, safe."" The recruits have been trained on the disciplines of fire suppression, prevention, haz mat, emergency medical responses, vehicle extraction and terrorism awareness as well as nutrition, fitness, exercise, health and safety. Boston graduates are all military veterans, with many having served recently in combat zones overseas.These investments in infrastructure are complemented by the City's investments in firefighters' health, as the City has replaced every air tank with the best, safest technology available. In addition, Mayor Walsh's 2018 budget proposal includes a $500,000 pilot program designed to reduce cancer risks for firefighters, a top health concern. The pilot program includes industrial cleaning of firehouses to thoroughly clean ductwork, replacing ceilings and repainting where necessary, and replacing fabric furniture that may have become contaminated.""My thanks to Mayor Walsh for continuing to fund the department with not just these additional 49 firefighters, but with new engines, ladders, air tanks and firehouses,"" said Commissioner Finn. ""These are exciting times for the Department as we meet the challenges of protecting and serving those who live, work and visit our great City.""In addition the Boston firefighters' graduation, joining this academy class are 14 new firefighters from Chelsea, Dedham, Malden, Marshfield and Wellesley who trained alongside the Boston recruits. They will now report to their communities and begin their careers as firefighters. The Boston Fire Academy allows outside departments to join its classes for the full multi-week course on a space-available basis.New firefighters will continue their education alongside veteran firefighters in neighborhood firehouses across the city. They will report to their assigned companies beginning this weekend."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh today presented his Fiscal Year 2018 (FY18) budget proposal, a plan that balances sustainability and increases investments in key initiatives and more fully supports Boston's neighborhoods. The proposed budget builds on the Walsh Administration's strong fiscal management record, maintains high levels of support for educating Boston's students and keeping the City of Boston safe, expands upon strategic initiatives to achieve cost savings, and positions the City to manage through instability at the national level.
The Greenovate Awards recognizeand celebrate Boston's green leaders for their contributions that helpthe City achieve its Climate Action Plan goals.Greenovate Boston received over 100 community-sourced nominations for this annual awards program and now we need your help to identify the finalists.Vote today
The City of Boston is excited to offer a new online tee time booking system beginning this year. Please visit www.cityofbostongolf.com where an online booking option is located on the upper right hand corner of the home page. Under the new system, tee times can be made seven days a week. Season permit holders can book a tee time five days prior starting at 7 a.m. Non-permit holders can book a tee time four days prior starting at 7 a.m.Founded in 1938, the 18-hole Donald Ross-designed George Wright Golf Course is a hidden gem in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Boston. The course is open seven days a week through November. This par 70 championship course is a challenge to golfers of any level. PGA Professional Scott Allen is available at 617-364-2300 to answer any questions.In 2016 the George Wright was ranked #9 in Massachusetts Best Places You Can Play by Golfweek, the 4th best place to play public golf in Massachusetts by Golf Advisor, and one of the top five courses in the Boston area by the Golf Channel. Phase I of the George Wright Clubhouse renovation project was completed including a new roof, external windows and doors, and a brand new clubhouse patio that serves both the restaurant and golf facility and will once again host a popular summer music series featuring local acoustic musicians. The course was also improved with rebuilt bunkers around #17 green, a rebuilt tee complex on Hole #18, and a renovated tee box on Hole #4.The second-oldest public golf course in America and part of the historic Emerald Necklace, the William J. Devine Golf Course at Franklin Park in Dorchester offers a pleasant golf experience only minutes from downtown Boston and is open year-round, weather permitting. Food service will be offered at the clubhouse starting in mid-April with a new vendor, Maggie's Grill. Contact PGA Professional Kevin Frawley at (617) 265-4084 for more information or to book a tee time.In 2016, the William J. Devine Golf Course hosted The MIAA Division 1 State Championship, was ranked the 5th best place to play public golf in Massachusetts by Golf Advisor, and was also chosen one of the top five courses in the Boston area by the Golf Channel. This year the golf course will be hosting the Massachusetts Amateur Qualifier on Thursday, June 1, and the Boston Open on Saturday August 5. Additionally, the golf course is home to the First Tee Junior Golf Program in partnership with the Massachusetts Golf Association. New construction on the William J. Devine Golf Course in 2016 included a rebuilt tee complex on Hole #14, rebuilt bunkers and approach around #6 green, and general beautification near #13 green including a new cart path and new turf.Golfers can access information on rates, season permits, and tournaments and register for special offers, monthly giveaways, online news, and specials at www.cityofbostongolf.com. Both courses are owned and operated by the City of Boston, open daily from dawn to dusk, and feature full pro shops, concessions, cart rentals, and lessons for all ages. For updates, the Citys golf courses can be followed on Twitter @FranklinParkGC and @GeorgeWrightGC.
Six courses will begin in May, including 'Culturally Responsive Teaching: How Does Culture Play a Role in Learning?' and 'How to Use Student Talk and Differentiated Checks for Understanding to Elevate Mathematical Thinking for All.' Additional courses will be offered throughout 2017 and 2018. For course descriptions and to register, visit the Teach Plus website.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department will host the 18thAnnual Neighborhood Coffee Hour Series in local parks citywide fromApril 24 to July 20. ""Coffee Hours give me another opportunity to meet with residents, answer their questions and discuss all that the City of Boston has to offer,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our parks provide a great backdrop for conversation and I look forward to hearing from more of my constituents throughout the spring and summer.""The Neighborhood Coffee Hours give residents a unique opportunity to speak directly with Mayor Walsh about open space and other needs in their neighborhoods. Through these discussions and a suggestion box at each site, Mayor Walsh looks forward to hearing how the City of Boston can improve upon local parks, public areas and city services.All participants will enjoy coffee and breakfast treats provided by Dunkin' Donuts and fresh fruit from Whole Foods Market. In addition, each family in attendance will receive a flowering plant grown in the city's greenhouses as a gift from Mayor Walsh. Residents at the event will also be eligible to win raffle prizes from Dunkin' Donuts. Information will be available on City programs from the Boston Public Library, Boston Public Schools, Boston Police Department, and Boston Centers for Youth & Families. All coffee hours will be held from9:30 a.m. to 10:30 a.m.Dates for the full schedule of Mayor Walsh's 2017 Neighborhood Coffee Hours are below. Locations are weather permitting unless otherwise noted. Coffee Hours being held in conjunction with park openings are also noted.Map of Coffee HoursFor more information and updates on possible weather cancellations, please contact theBoston Parks and Recreation Departmentat(617) 635-4505or onFacebookorTwitter @bostonparksdept."
This will be the 141st year the Swan Boats have entertained residents and visitors in the Boston Public Garden, said Mayor Walsh. Boston is ready for spring, and its a wonderful tradition to join the Paget family and Boston students for the first springtime ride around the Public Garden lagoon.This annual rite of spring is made possible thanks to the Paget family, owners and operators of the Swan Boats first launched by Irish immigrant and shipbuilder Robert Paget. Mr. Paget designed the Swan Boats after attending the opera Lohengrin in New York City. At the end of the opera, the hero crosses a river in a boat drawn by a swan.Mayor Walsh will be joined on the first ride of the year with students from Boston Public Schools including the Ellis Mendell Elementary School and the Higginson/Lewis K-8 School, both in Roxbury.The students are drawing pictures of the Swan Boats in art class and their work will be randomly selected from all the drawings created. All of the artwork chosen will then be on display at Boston City Hall.2017 marks the 141st season for the Swan Boats. The oldest and smallest boat in the fleet just celebrated its 106th season, while the newest was launched in 1993. The swan on todays boats is made from either copper or fiberglass, depending on the age of the boat, and encloses a paddle mechanism that is used to foot propel the boat through the water.Fully loaded, each Swan Boat weighs three tons and carries up to twenty passengers. The Swan Boats are built on oak framed pontoons sheathed in copper just as they were initially constructed in 1877. After being stored in a safe place for the winter, the boats are returned to the Public Garden Lagoon in the spring with Mayor Walsh and his young guests celebrating the first ride of the season.For more information, please visit the Swan Boats of Boston online,or call 617-522-1966.
"The public art project is part of a larger effort by PWD to revitalize and build on North Square's identity as a cultural destination. The project will enhance the square by making it livable, walkable, green, sustainable, and accessible to all.""The North Square public art project will offer the North End community an open space to gather and interact,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We look forward to seeing the final project that incorporates community input and enhances the already vibrant character of one of Boston's most historic neighborhoods.""The artist team A+J+Art+Design demonstrated their exemplary skill, interest, and vision for the North Square project in their response to the RFP.They will spend the next few months working in coordination with the City and community to develop their initial concept, which considers the nautical ties of the North End as well as the historical and cultural context of the Square.""The North Square public art project allows us to continue to celebrate the cultural history of the North End, while bringing in a contemporary perspective to this community space,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""It's one more effort to fulfill the goals of the Boston Creates cultural plan, integrating arts, culture, and creativity into the urban environment.""""We're delighted to work with A+J Art+Design, the Boston Art Commission, and the North End community to add a terrific work of art to North Square, "" said Chris Osgood, Chief of Streets for the City of Boston. ""We want our streets to not only be well built and well maintained, but also delightful to be on and reflective of the community around them art helps us deliver on that for the public. ""A+J Art+Design is a multidisciplinary collaboration between artists Ann Hirsch and Jeremy Angier. This public art design and development team believes that public art can provoke and entice while inspiring civic engagement. In 2016, they createdSOS (Safety Orange Swimmers)for the Fort Point Channel Floating Art Project.The Swimmers relate the Channel to the seas crossed by those in search of shelter, freedom, prosperity and safety. They invoke Boston's long history of welcoming immigrants. Hirsch also created theBill Russell Legacy Project,whichcelebrates the legacy of the great Boston Celtics champion, human rights activist and mentorship leader Bill Russell. The second phase of theLegacy Projectrelied on a collaborative process with groups of local young people.Hirsch and Angier both received their Masters in Fine Art with a focus on sculpture from the New York Academy of Art.To learn more about the revitalization of North Square in the North End click here:http://keepbostonmoving.org/portfolio/north-square/.Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's Cultural Plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program (BostonAIR) curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information go to:www.boston.gov/artsAbout the Boston Creates Cultural PlanThe cultural plan is a ten year plan for supporting arts and culture in the City of Boston. It was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen Boston's cultural vitality over the long term. The full cultural plan can be found online athttp://plan.bostoncreates.org.Boston Art CommissionThe Boston Art Commission (BAC), an independent board ofarts leaderscharged with the care and custody of all artworks on City of Boston property, advocates for the creation of innovative and transformative art and promotes its accessibility to enrich the lives of Boston's diverse citizens and visitors. The Art Commission advises, supports, and consults with artists and communities, City departments, and others. It commissions, approves, and conserves the City of Boston's collection of art and historical artifacts.For more information go to:www.publicartboston.com"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement and the American Association of University Women (AAUW) today announced the launch of Boston's second ""Equal Pay Awareness Week,"" featuring 14 free salary negotiation workshops for women who live or work in Boston. The goal of Equal Pay Awareness Week is to acknowledge the gender wage gap and its consequences, while providing the training and tools to help Boston women advocate for themselves within the workforce.Tuesday, April 4is ""Equal Pay Day,"" a symbolic date when women's pay ""catches up"" and equals men's pay from the previous year. Women working full-time are typically paid just 80 percent on average of what white, non-Hispanic men make. That gap is larger for black and Hispanic women.""Boston thrives when women and men have an equal playing field,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These salary negotiations are one step we can take to provide women with the information and tools to advocate for themselves and work towards closing the wage gap. The workshops, combined with the work we are doing with employers to report wage data anonymously, will continue to make Boston the best city for working women. With the help of AAUW Work Smart and my Office of Women's Advancement, we will continue to fight for equal pay for all.""""Salary negotiation workshops are part of AAUW's multifaceted approach to closing the gender pay gap,"" said Jesse B. Rauch, the senior program manager for AAUW's salary negotiation workshop programs, AAUW Start Smart and AAUW Work Smart. ""Women who negotiate increase their potential to earn higher salaries and better benefits packages - and these advantages add up over time.""AAUW Work Smart salary negotiation workshops were launched in September of 2015 as a five-year partnership with the City of Boston. Since that time, the program has trained over 3,000 working women in the City, with the goal of training 8,500 Boston women by December 2017, and 85,000 women by 2020.Registration for AAUW Work Smart in Boston free salary negotiation workshops isavailable online.The following workshops will be open to press:Monday, April 35:30 p.m. - 7:30 p.m.Host: She Geeks OutAnchor (Behind the Render 121 Cafe on the First Floor)50 Milk St.Tuesday, April 46:30 p.m..-8:30 p.m.Host: The Latina CircleThe Coop @ Hatch FenwayLandmark Center 401 Park Drive*Take 8th Floor East ElevatorsThursday, April 66:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.Host: Ellevate Network BostonErnst Young, 200 Clarendon St.To cover the workshop, media is required to RSVP to the Mayor's Press Office:press.office@boston.gov, or617-635-4461. Additional information will be provided to outlets that RSVP."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined The Community Builders (TCB), MassHousing, City of Boston's Department of Neighborhood Development local elected officials and Chinatown residents to celebrate the grand re-opening of the newly-renovated Chauncy House Apartments in Chinatown. In total, the redevelopment preserved 88 affordable rental units and created a new community room for low-income families.""This is an important preservation project in a neighborhood where affordable rental housing is in high demand. This project has shown that when we work together, we are able to maintain the rich character of Chinatown,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""I want to congratulate all of our partners who helped make this renovation possible - I know it means a world of difference to the families who will continue to live here in Chinatown.""The historic Chauncy House was built in 1922 in Chinatown, and has been an affordable housing resource for the Chinatown community for the last 45 years.The building was originally constructed as an office building and subsequently converted for residential use in 1973 through HUD's Section 236 program. The property was acquired and renovated by The Community Builders in 1997, but with the Section 236 mortgage and its related affordability restrictions set to expire in 2015, TCB the City of Boston and TCB implemented a plan to preserve Chauncy House's affordability for the long term and restore the building's historic features.The $34 million recapitalization plan was completed with the help of several partners, including MassHousing, the Department of Housing and Community Development, the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development and the Cambridge Housing Authority.The project made significant improvements to the building, including new kitchens and bathrooms in units installation of high efficiency heating systems and upgrades to building mechanical and life safety systems installation of new, historically accurate aluminum windows and new retail storefronts and sidewalks at the street level. The first floor was also reconfigured to provide a community space for residents and visitors to gather. Chauncy House residents remained in their units during the majority of the 13-month rehabilitation of the property and not a single resident was permanently displaced as a result of the renovations.""The Community Builders are committed to preserving and constructing affordable and mixed income housing in the city of Boston,"" said Bart Mitchell, TCB president and CEO. ""The renovation of this beautiful, historic building preserves high quality affordable housing to local families in an area of Boston with rising rents.""Chauncy House has 88 studio and one-bedroom apartments with 10 percent of the units restricted to families making no more than 30 percent of annual median income (AMI), 85 percent of the units are restricted to families making no more than 50 percent of AMI and five percent of the units are restricted to families making no more than 60 percent AMI. Five of the units were made handicapped-accessible as a result of the rehabilitation.Financing for this project includes tax-exempt bond financing through MassHousing, 4% Low Income Housing Tax Credits, which raised over $9.7 million in equity, and federal and state Historic Tax Credits, which raised a total of $3.7 million in equity. The project would not have been possible without the commitment of HUD, which facilitated the recapitalization transaction and provided project-based rental subsidy for the project. As a result of the redevelopment, 100 percent of the units now have a project based rental subsidy and residents will never pay more than 30 percent of their income towards rent.About The Community Builders, Inc.The Community Builders, Inc. (TCB) is one of America's leading nonprofit real estate developers and owners. Our mission is to build and sustain strong communities where people of all incomes can achieve their full potential. We realize our mission by developing, financing and operating high-quality housing and implementing neighborhood-based models that drive economic opportunity for our residents. Since 1964, we have constructed or preserved hundreds of affordable and mixed-income housing developments and secured billions of dollars in project financing from public and private sources. Today, we own or manage 11,000 apartments in 14 states. We are headquartered in Boston with regional hubs in Chicago and Washington, D.C."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of a Request for Proposals (RFP) calling for a partner to work with the City's Department of Innovation to launch and manage a full service retail merchandise program that would serve as the City of Boston's Online Store. The goal of the store is to provide merchandise that aligns with the City's new digital brand onboston.gov, and that offers constituents, visitors, and employees the opportunity to buy a part of Boston's history and its future.""We are excited about the opportunity to share our redesigned digital brand in a new way,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""In the City of Boston we have so much to be proud of, and by sharing official City of Boston branded merchandise, we are inviting residents, visitors, and everyone to proudly represent and be a part of our City. I look forward to finding new and innovative ways to continue building our assets around the desire of our people.""The objective of the online store is to maximize engagement with Boston residents. Achieving this objective requires the selected partner to develop merchandise using our designs, acquire stock, fulfill orders, and manage sales.The ideal candidate will have a well-established and managed vendor sales network produce high-quality merchandise that meets City style guidelines seamlessly fulfill orders and provide excellent customer service.The selected vendor will retain a portion of proceeds from the sale of its merchandise, and will provide services described in the RFP at no cost to the City.The term of the contract will be one year, with two one-year options to review at the City's sole discretion. More information about the RFP is availablehere. Responses will be due no later than12:00 p.m.onTuesday, April 11by12pm.In June 2016, Mayor Walshlaunched Boston.gov, the redesigned digital front door at the City of Boston. The website features significant changes to the visual design, organization, and underlying technology of the City's website."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Police Commissioner William Evans today announced the addition of a new class for the Boston Police Cadet Program, a training program for Boston's youth seeking a career in law enforcement, as part of the FY18 budget proposal being announcednext Wednesday. In addition, Mayor Walsh announced a new class of 100 recruits is set to begin training in August 2017, marking the largest police class in recent years.""The City of Boston has the best police force in the country, and through these investments we're able to continue building a pipeline of individuals who are committed to protecting and serving their community,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Since reinstating the Boston Police Cadet program in 2016, we have taken a step forward in making the police more reflective of our communities. I am proud that in the coming year we will be able to expand this opportunity, while adding an additional class of officers who will work hard to keep Boston safe and make a positive impact in our neighborhoods.""Beginning in the fall of 2017, the Boston Police Department will begin processing applicants for the cadet program, which will add a class of 20 cadets, providing a stable pipeline of young people for future police officer classes.""The Cadet program is a proven way for the Department to recruit and mentor young people seeking a career with the Boston Police,"" said Commissioner Evans. ""As a former cadet, I recognize and appreciate the value of having this program available for the young people in our city. I thank the Mayor for his commitment to the program and look forward to welcoming the new cadets to the Department in the fall."" To be eligible, candidates must be between the ages of 18-24, be a current resident of Boston, and have maintained Boston residency for the last five years, be a United States citizen, have a valid Massachusetts driver's license and take and pass the exam. All highly motivated young men and women who meet the above requirements are encouraged to apply.In November of 2016, Mayor Walsh and Police Commissioner Evans swore in the first class of Police Cadets since 2009. Building on the success of recruiting a diverse class of 42 included 74% cadets of color and 36% female cadets, Mayor Walsh's FY18 budget adds another class, for a total of 60 cadets.In the last year, new hires at BPD mirrored the city's Black and Hispanic populations, with 24% of hires being Black and 18% of them Hispanic. Also, the new hires were 36% female.These investments in the talent pipeline are showing results in terms of safety on the streets of Boston. For the first quarter of 2017 violent crime is down 6% and total part one crime is down 11%, keeping Boston one of the safest major cities of its size in the country. This year through March 26th, homicides have seen a 45% decrease compared to last year for the same time period. Rape and Attempted Rape is down 19% over last year total aggravated assaults are down 11%. Total burglary in the city is also down 14%.Non-fatal shooting incidents are also down this year compared to last year, with 1 fewer incident through March 26th. Arrests in Boston are also continuing to decline with 16% fewer arrests made this year over last year.The Cadet program is a minimum of a two-year commitment. Cadets rotate throughout the Department in various assignments and shifts, including Headquarters, District Stations, and other specialized units throughout the City. Primary responsibilities include: routine clerical and administrative duties, answering phones, data entry, traffic duty, utilizing Department vehicles, barrier work, and related duties as required.If selected for appointment, candidates must pass an extensive screening process including: drug testing, a pre-employment physical, an extensive criminal background check, and a rigorous 8 week cadet training program (both academic and physical in nature) at the Boston Police Academy."
"As part of the Walsh Administration's commitment to improve schools, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston will invest over $9.2 million for roof and boiler replacements at five schools, after approval by the City Councilon Wednesday. The five schools that will receive funding are: Boston Latin School, James F. Condon Elementary in South Boston, John W. McCormack Middle School in Dorchester, Paul A. Dever Elementary School in Dorchester and the William E. Channing Elementary School in Hyde Park.The Walsh Administration has put a renewed focus on maximizing the Massachusetts School Building Authority (MSBA) as a resource for improving facilities. While Boston has contributed almost $1 billion to the MSBA since its creation, the City has only been approved for $65 million in capital spending.""While the teaching and learning inside schools is of the utmost importance, the actual physical school building themselves need to provide a safe and welcoming environment for our kids to grow and thrive,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Accessing and utilizing MSBA funds allows Boston to update and modernize our facilities and increase cost-savings. I want to thank the City Council for approving these critical investments.""This roof and boiler replacement project leverages nearly $6.1 million in MSBA Accelerated Repair Funds, a program focused on performing energy-efficient and cost-saving upgrades, which will result in direct operational savings for the school district.""Projects like these make an important difference in our students' learning environment while also providing significant savings for the school district,"" said BPS Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""This is one of the many improvements the City of Boston has in store for Boston Public Schools over the next decade and I look forward to the end results.""Mayor Walsh recently announced a $1 billion commitment to improve Boston's school buildings throughBuildBPS, a ten-year Educational and Facilities Master Plan for Boston Public Schools. Mayor Walsh also committed $13 million in near term investments for schools across the district through the creation of the 21st Century Schools Fund.In 2016, Mayor Walsh invested$25.1 million for door and window replacementat seven schools, which leveraged nearly $16.4 million in MSBA accelerated Repair Funds. This project will allow for nearly 3,000 windows to be replaced at these schools by the fall."
The Boston Transportation Department is reminding drivers that vehicles parked illegally in designated on-street Fenway/Kenmore Resident Parking Only spaces when there is a Red Sox game, or any other event at Fenway Park, will be subject to a $100 fine. Drivers should also be aware that on-street parking restrictions are often implemented on event days to further transportation access and public safety goals.Fenway/Kenmore is a densely populated residential neighborhood and the limited number of parking spaces are needed by and reserved for residents. People heading to games, concerts and other events at Fenway Park are strongly encouraged to leave their personal vehicles at home and take another form of transportation. Information on Hubway, the regional bike share system, may be found at www.theHubway.com, and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket.Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca said, There are many transportation options available for people to get to Fenway Park. The surrounding area is perfect for walking, the Fenway/Kenmore neighborhood is well-served by the MBTA, and there are three Hubway Stations nearby Fenway Park. If you must drive, please be considerate of local residents by complying with all posted parking regulations and by parking in an off-street garage or lot.The Boston Red Sox Home Opening Game is Monday, April 3, 2017. The following temporary parking regulations will be in effect.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event MondayTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday & Monday
"WASHINGTON, D.C. -Mayor Martin J. Walsh was honored tonight at the National Council of La Raza (NCLR) 30th Annual Capital Awards Gala. Mayor Walsh was recognized as a leader in a ceremony that highlighted elected officials who promote policies and legislation that positively impacts the Latino community. Mayor Walsh received the 2017 Capital Award for his efforts to promote the safety and unity of all families in the face of anti-immigrant threats. Mayor Eric Garcetti of Los Angeles and strategist Ana Navarro also received awards. NCLR President and CEO Janet Murgua honored the awardees.""I want to thank Chairwoman Renata Soto, President Janet Murgua and the National Council of La Raza for this incredible honor. I am humbled to accept this award,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Boston would not be the world-class city it is today if it weren't for the generations of immigrants who built and shaped our city. We can never turn our backs on people who come here for a better life, and here in Boston, we recognize that diversity is our greatest strength. We have amazing diversity in our Latino community and beyond, and I am proud to fight for the voices and rights of all people.""""This past January, the Department of Homeland Security sent shockwaves through our community when they issued a memo that would allow for the indiscriminate targeting of many in our community,"" said President Murgua. ""Mayor Walsh and Mayor Garcetti were among the bold leaders who took a stand against this cruel and unnecessary policy -- choosing to fight politics of division with understanding and common sense. Their actions served as an example of courageous leadership and a much-needed reminder that our country's values should be the driving force behind governing.""In addition to Mayor Walsh's vocal support and protection of the immigrant community, Boston's robust Office for Immigrant Advancement (MOIA) provides daily services to Boston's immigrants, many of whom are part of the Latino community. The Office for Immigrant Advancement works to support English language classes, naturalization services and free immigration consultations with volunteer attorneys.Erika Gonzalez, anchor at NBC4 Washington, served as mistress of ceremonies at the gala, which took place at the National Building Museum. AARP and Wells Fargo served as event Co-Chairs. Vice Chairs for Capital Awards included BP America Inc., Charter Communications, Univision Communications, Inc. and UPS.NCLR-the largest national Hispanic civil rights and advocacy organization in the United States-works to build a stronger America by creating opportunities for Latinos. For more information on NCLR, please visit the NCLRwebsite."
We have emailed all applicants to confirm that their applications have been received. If you submitted an applicationbut have not heard from us, please email visionzero@boston.gov.The process of evaluating each application is now underway. We expect the evaluation process to be completed in May. We will announce the selected neighborhoods at that time. As previously stated, we anticipate working with two to three new neighborhoods this year.As stated in the application packet and on our website, each application will be evaluated objectively based on the following criteria:If you have any immediate questions, please email us at visionzero@boston.gov.We appreciate your interest and input in the Neighborhood Slow Streets Program. Thank you again to everyone who submitted an application.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM), the Boston Transportation Department (BTD) and the Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) today announced the first demand-responsive price change of the Performance Parking Pilot. A majority of metered hours in the Seaport pilot area will drop to $1.00 an hour, lowered from the pilot's initial $1.50 hourly fee.""The City began our parking meter pilot to make navigating our streets more efficient and less congested for all drivers, bicyclists and pedestrians,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This price change is a result of tracking peak parking times, which allows us to make smarter decisions about how much parking should cost. As part of Go Boston 2030, our overall transportation plan, innovative solutions like the Performance Parking Pilot will continue to improve how our residents and visitors travel in Boston.""Rates for approximately 550 metered parking spaces on 40 blocks in the Seaport will change onApril 3, 2017. This rate change is based on sensor data that allows the City to monitor average occupancy per meter space and block. High-demand blocks will increase by 50 cents, while lower occupied blocks decrease by 50 cents. The minimum price will be $1 per hour, and the maximum price will be $2 per hour during this phase of the pilot. Prices will vary by four time bands (weekdays8 a.m. - 12 p.m.12 p.m. - 4 p.m.4 p.m. - 8 p.m.and all daySaturday). Prices will be posted on meters and are available in a searchable maponline.Parkingon Sundayis and will continue to be free.With this first price change, over half of the total meter hours in any given week will drop by 50 cents to $1.00 per hour. A quarter of the total meter hours in the Seaport will stay at the current rate of $1.50 per hour, and another quarter of the total meter hours a week in the Seaport will rise to $2 per hour.During the Seaport pilot, prices will be adjusted every two months, and will remain consistent in two-month increments. Prices stabilize when occupancy reaches the target of about one space open per block. This is the first demand-responsive pricing change during the pilot, which began in January and will run through the end of 2017.The end result of the pilot will be to open up more short-term curbside parking opportunities.Over time, the goal is to have each block priced in a way that makes finding a spot easier on all blocks.These rate changes demonstrate that it is easier to find parking on some blocks at different times of day. Frequent visitors to the Seaport are encouraged to check the meter rates posted the Boston.govwebsiteto determine cheaper blocks to park on.""The goal of Performance Parking is for Boston drivers to park easier and circle less,"" said Chris Osgood, Chief of Streets. ""These new rates are expected to signal to drivers blocks where it's easier to find a parking space, cutting down on the time it takes to find a parking spot and reducing congestion on our streets and emissions in our air.""""Distracted driving was involved in nearly one in five traffic crashes in 2013 according to the CDC,"" said Gina N. Fiandaca, Commissioner of the Boston Transportation Department. ""Up to 30 percent of street traffic is made up of drivers who may be distracted while searching for on-street parking. Varying meter rates to open up parking spaces is expected to cut down on distracted drivers looking for parking and help to achieve Boston's Vision Zero traffic safety goals.""The pilot, which also includes a fixed price change in the Back Bay, will run through the end of 2017, and maps with detailed boundaries and prices of the two pilot areas can be found onBoston.gov. In addition, parking prices will be posted on meters and the City's Park Boston app. Residents are encouraged to share feedback on the pilot throughperformanceparking@boston.gov."
National Poetry Month programs:Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today celebrated the formation of a new partnership between Project Place's Clean Corners/Bright Hopes program, Washington Gateway Main Street and the Chinatown Main Street as part of an ongoing effort to improve neighborhoods in the City through targeted investments in beautification, public safety and enhanced homeless and addiction recovery services.""Clean Corners/Bright Hopes is a proven partnership that works for our neighborhoods, and I am excited to announce that this expansion will reach new corners of our City,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This is more than a Clean Streets initiative. It is work and job training for those who need a chance, and it exemplifies how when we all come together, we can make Boston shine. I'm looking forward to seeing the results of this partnership that provides opportunities to those who need it most.""As part of the partnership, Clean Corners crews will maintain both sides of Washington Street from Herald Street to Melnea Cass Boulevard, as well as portions of Essex, Kingston, Edinboro, Hudson, Kneeland, Harrison, Tyler, Beach, Oxford and Knapp streets in Chinatown. Services include routine outdoor cleaning such as picking up and bagging trash along sidewalks and gutters removing posters from light poles caring for planters and cleaning the city's ""Big Belly"" trash containers.""We're very excited about our partnership with the city of Boston. Clean Corners is our oldest social enterprise program, and we have long worked with the city. But we're exceedingly proud of the city's continued confidence in our clients, who perform valuable work while learning on-the-job training to obtain mainstream employment,"" said Suzanne Kenney, Executive Director of Project Place. ""This partnership with the city of Boston is one of the vital supports for Clean Corners, which is a great option for urban communities that want to keep their neighborhoods and business districts clean.""""Chinatown Main Street has a 12 year history of working together in this program,"" said Courtney Ho, Executive Director of Chinatown Main Streets. ""I am happy to see that another Main Street district is working on the collaboration.""Clean Corners is an economic development initiative created in response to the challenges involved with assisting people who are homeless achieve self-sufficiency. In addition to job training, Clean Corners employees have access to support services that help them maintain a professional work schedule. They are paid hourly, wear uniforms and are a highly visible, highly trained positive presence in the neighborhoods they serve. When they graduate from Clean Corners, the program participants have skills that transfer directly to a variety of industries, including custodial services, facilities maintenance, waste management and landscaping.Today's announcement builds on the City's partnership with Project Place. In December, Mayor Walsh announced apartnership between the City, Boston University and Project Placeto clean the neighborhoods around the Melnea Cass Boulevard and Massachusetts Avenue intersection.About Project PlaceFounded in 1967, Project Place has provided hope and opportunity to homeless and low-income individuals in the Greater Boston Area for 48 years. The nonprofit is a supportive community that provides the education and resources needed to obtain stable employment and housing. The agency manages social enterprises (small businesses with a social mission) that offer employment opportunities and job training programs, career services, transitional and permanent housing, and case management support to help those experiencing homelessness reestablish themselves in society with dignity. For more information on these and other programs, visitprojectplace.org follow us on Twitter at@Project_Placeand on Instagram at@ProjectPlaceBoston or ""like"" us onFacebook."
"This is the fifth EMS class that has graduated since I became Mayor, and has a special significance: these graduates represent the first class expansionin nine years. Together, our newest EMS class has proven their commitment to helping people and serving our communities, and I'm proud our new EMTs will go on to provide the best, most compassionate care for our residents in need.Boston EMS is one of the City's busiest services, responding to over 120,000 clinical incidents per year. Since 2008, Boston EMS's annual call volume has increased by over 20,000, or nearly 20 percent. Using data gathered throughCityScore, Mayor Walsh invested in 20 new EMT positions, ensuringBoston EMS meet the heightened demand for emergency medical services.The EMS Recruit Academy is the only six-month training program in the U.S. During the Academy, with the oversight of their training officers and partner agencies, recruits were trained in a variety of emergency situations, including mass casualty incidents, domestic violence, hazardous materials exposures, transportation accidents, recovery services and life-threatening emergencies. While completing their training, recruits responded to an average of 300 incidents each.The recruits, already state-certified EMTs prior to hire, completed an additional 12 weeks of classroom training and practical scenario work, as well as a 15-week field internship program, to prepare them to provide the best possible care in a busy evolving urban system.""Our EMTs provide exemplary care to Boston residents, both with their work in the field and with their work tracking and analyzing emergency-related public health trends,"" said Monica Valdes Lupi, JD, MPH. ""Our EMS first responders are leaders in this field, and we are proud to welcome new personnel from the latest group of graduates.""""I look forward to serving with the newest members of Boston EMS,"" said Chief Hooley. ""We set very high standards for our EMTs and paramedics, and these women and men have proven that they are rightfully qualified and deserving of the Boston EMS badge."""
Every year, members of AFTA come to the capital to meet with their representatives in Congress, speaking with them about supporting the arts. This year, with federal arts funding under threat, the event was attended by a record 700 people from all over the country. On Monday, we attended several training sessions, receiving crucial advocacy training from experts in the field. One session was led by our very own Massachusetts Senate President Stan Rosenberg. Other sessions focused on making sure we all knew the pertinent facts and figure about the impact of the arts on education, health and well-being, and the economy. We received help in honing our message and making the case for arts and arts education in the strongest possible way.The day concluded with the annual Nancy Hanks Lecture on Arts and Public Policy at the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts. Darren Walker, President of the Ford Foundation, delivered a soaring call to arms to all arts advocates. It was so inspiring to hear him talk about his own life-altering discovery of the power of the arts to transform lives. He talked so intensely about how inequality breeds hopelessness, and in turn, how hopelessness is a threat to our democracy. He also argued persuasively that public support of the arts is away of saying that the arts are central to our culture. Indeed, 88% of the American public believe that arts education plays an essential role in a well-rounded education.The next day began with a rousing kick off, with inspirational messages from incredible leaders. The Congressional Arts Leadership Award was presented to Senator Lisa Murkowski, a Republican representing Alaska. (Earlier this year. Bostons own Mayor Marty Walsh was presented with the NationalAward for Local Arts Leadership.) Representative John Lewis charged us to speak up, get up, find a way to get in trouble noting that the arts inspired me to get in trouble, to get in good trouble, to make America better. At this point, the Massachusetts team swung into action! The indefatigable Andre Green, political director of Mass Creative, had arranged back-to-back appointments with our members of Congress and the Senate. We managed to meet with 11 of our 12 Massachusetts delegatesin one day. They all support the restoration of full funding to the NEA, NEH, the Corporation for Public Broadcasting and the Institute for Museum and Library Services. We charged our delegation to be visible arts champions and to help make the case to their colleagues who arent as supportive. Walking through the halls of the congressional buildings, past the offices from every state in the union with signs that said Welcome, Please Come In - I felt so proud to be an American, part of a peaceful democracy where the people have direct access to their lawmakers. It was so humbling and moving, and so incredibly empowering. It also felt great to take action - especially while our support is under the threat of elimination.You can also take action and now really is the time to do so. On the local level, attend theMassachusetts Arts Advocacy Daynext week on March 28th. This will begin at the Paramount Theater and culminate with meetings at the State House on Beacon Hill. Nationally, you can join theArts Action Fund. Their excellent site has a summary of all of the actions you can take to ensure your voice is heard, including signing a petition, contacting your legislators directly, and telling your story about how the arts has played a transformative role in your life, your community, and our society.
The site will graduate from beta status and officially launch on Thursday, April 6. That evening, well showcase the new site, talk about its development, and answer questions at an event hosted byGeneral Assemblyduring one of their Talk Data to Me events. Space is limited,so sign up nowfor a free ticket.This launch on April 6will also coincide with a month-long event called the Analyze Boston Open Data Challenge.Individuals or teams can compete for prizes by sharing their best analyses, visualizations, models, and applications built on new and improved datasets.The challenge will culminate in a free all-day event onSaturday, May6,atDistrict Hall. Every Open Data Challenge participant will get first access to tickets and the opportunity to showcase their work at a panel presentation, small-group demo, or poster session. Expert judges will select their favorite submissions, and winners will be announced at the end of the day. Well also demo some of the sites newest features, give a sneak peek at whats coming down the road, and host workshops for attendees of all skill levels.Were looking for partners to help host the Analyze Boston Open Data Challenge event. We'll be posting an announcement about this in the coming days. In the meantime, please emailanalyticsteam@boston.govif youd like to help out, and well be in touch.For the latest developments on the Open Data Challenge between now and April 6,sign up for our email listand follow us on Twitter at@AnalyzeBoston.We look forward to sharing our work with you on April 6atGeneral Assembly!Thanks!The Analyze Boston team
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh has announced that the City of Boston will once again honor Boston's resilience, generosity and strength onApril 15, nowpermanently known as ""One Boston Day"".The day serves as an opportunity to recognize the good in Boston's community and reflect on the spirit and resilience of the people of Boston that was exemplified in response to the loss and tragedies of April 15, 2013.The City of Boston will utilize awebsitewhere individuals and organizations can share their plans for One Boston Day, and post about it on social media using the hashtags #OneBostonDay and #BeBoston. Members of the public are encouraged to share how they plan on spreading goodwill on April 15, and show support on social media by downloading One Boston Day logos and profile photos from the website.""The Boston Marathon is a key part of our city's identity, and continues to show the world that Boston is strong, and our traditions will endure, no matter what,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The spirit of the day onApril 15shows the best of Boston: how Bostonians from all backgrounds come together to line the streets, celebrate one another and do good for their community. I hope everyone can mark this day in a way that inspires each other with the love we have for our community, our neighbors and our City.""Mayor Walsh announced this year's remembrance of One Boston Day at the unveiling of the 2017 Boston Marathon street banners hosted by John Hancock at Marathon Sports on Boylston Street earlier this week.One Boston Day encourages random acts of kindness and goodwill, and activities across the City will encourage individuals to give back to their community. This new tradition came together in 2015 based on the desire expressed by many survivors to pass on the kindness, generosity and support they received following the 2013 Boston Marathon.LastApril 15, #OneBostonDay was a leading trend nationally on social media, and there were over 77,000 posts across social channels from individuals and organizations marking this day of service and goodwill. As in the past, Hill Holliday is serving as the creative and digital marketing partner to help spread awareness and raise the visibility of One Boston Day."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that artist Genaro Ortega has been selected to create a mural at Peters Park in the South End following an open call for artists through aRequest for Proposal. Ortega will work with a selection of Boston youth to paint the mural in May 2017. The Peters Park Art Wall was proclaimed a legal graffiti wall in 1986 in an effort to decrease vandalism in the South End. The Boston Art Commission, in partnership with The African Latino Alliance Collective, City Lights, Washington Gateway Main Street, Friends of Peters Park, and Old Dover Neighborhood Association will continue the tradition of curating and programming the Art Wall. This allows for the enrichment of the neighborhood as well as the preservation and celebration of the South End's diverse cultural history.""The Peters Park Art Wall is culturally significant to our city, particularly for our residents in the South End,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We look forward to continuing the tradition of allowing Boston's youth the opportunity for creative and cultural expression in Peters Park.""Genaro Ortega is a Boston-based visual arts specialist who has taught painting and drawing for over 20 years. Currently, Ortega is a painting mentor at South Boston's Artists for Humanity as well as the Mural Curator for Madison Park High School. Ortega's proposed mural pays homage to current equality movements. Ortega graduated from the Massachusetts College of Art and Design with a Bachelors in Fine Arts in Art and Design with a focus in Illustration.""The Peters Park Art Wall will once again bring the community together to celebrate and preserve a history of culturally relevant art,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""Peters Park mural has been gracing the community with art for many years and we look forward to seeing what Genaro will create.""""The South End neighborhood has long been defined by the creative energy of our community,"" said Kristin Phelan, Board President, Washington Gateway Main Street. ""The synergy that has formed around this project between the Mayor's Office, South End organizations, artists from the original ALA Collective, residents, and creative enthusiasts is inspiring. Clearly, there is power in collaboration, and we look forward to this being the first of many projects to come.""Learn more and find additional information about community involvement with the Peters Park Graffiti Mural atwww.petersparkart.com.Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading implementation of the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester.For more information go to:www.boston.gov/departments/arts-and-cultureBoston Art CommissionThe Boston Art Commission (BAC), an independent board ofarts leaderscharged with the care and custody of all artworks on City of Boston property, advocates for the creation of innovative and transformative art and promotes its accessibility to enrich the lives of Boston's diverse citizens and visitors. The Art Commission advises, supports, and consults with artists and communities, City departments, and others. It commissions, approves, and conserves the City of Boston's collection of art and historical artifacts.For more information go to:www.publicartboston.com"
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh will join former Mayor Ray Flynn and long-time community advocate Mel King to launch the Boston Peace and Democracy Discussions.The Boston Peace and Democracy Discussions are designed to engage children in discussions with family members, teachers, librarians, police officers, street workers, nurses, doctors and clergy members about how to combat violence and create a more peaceful and democratic city and country. Peace and Democracy ebooks and digital games that encompass multicultural literature, activities and curriculum, will enhance the discussions. ""This partnership further enhances our commitment to providing our young people with the tools they need to combat violence in their own communities,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank Ray Flynn and Mel King for supporting this effort, which will help to better serve our children and families by talking about these very important issues.""The first Peace and Democracy Discussion will be supported withIt Doesn't Have to Be This Way: A Barrio Story (No tiene que ser as: una historia Del barrio)written by Luis J. Rodrguez, a book about a Latino boy who is being pressured to join a local gang and learns to overcome his troubles.After reading and discussing this story about gangs and violence in one neighborhood in Los Angeles, California, students and participating adults will discuss their points of view about how violence in their city and community can be prevented. Based on feedback from this launch, a prototype will be provided for free to select schools and educational organizations in Boston who serve grades 4-5. By September 2017, the program's goal is to provide one ebook per grade level for all grade levels, encompassing pre-K to 12th grade, focusing on violence prevention. Future Boston Peace and Democracy Discussions will focus on discrimination and income inequality.The first Peace and Democracy Discussion will be held at the Julia Butler Family Center, located at the Boston Housing Authority (BHA)'s Lenox/Camden development in Lower Roxbury. In addition, Center staff will participate in the discussions with area youth. The Center was recently renovated and provides after school programming for community youth and their families. The Center is currently operated through a new partnership between Vibrant Boston, the Black Ministerial Alliance and the BHA.The Boston Peace and Democracy Advisory Board is in the process of reaching out to potential supporters and partners. Mel King is the honorary chairperson of the board and was just recently joined on the board by former Mayor of Boston, Ray Flynn.About the Boston Housing AuthorityTheBoston Housing Authority(BHA) provides affordable housing to more than 58,000 residents in and around the City of Boston. Residents are assisted through a combination of public housing and federal and state voucher subsidy programs that provide a wide variety of housing opportunities. As the largest public housing authority in New England, the BHA houses close to 9 percent of the city's residents.The BHA's mission is to provide stable, quality affordable housing for low and moderate income persons to deliver these services with integrity and mutual accountability and to create living environments which serve as catalysts for the transformation from dependency to economic self-sufficiency."
"Boston--A crowd of family members, teachers and friends were on hand today to congratulate 22 Boston youth from across the City competing in Bostons tenth annual BCYF Citywide Spelling Bee at the Boston Public Library in Copley Square. Organized by Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency, and sponsored by the Boston Bruins Foundation, the winner now goes on to the Scripps National Spelling Bee in Washington, D.C. in May.We are very proud of you all and honored to be hosting the Bee for the tenth year in a row, said William Morales, Commissioner of BCYF. Thank you to our longtime sponsor, the Boston Bruins Foundation, for supporting the BCYF Bee each year and giving us a chance to show off Bostons talented youth.Over 3000 young people participated in Boston public and parochial school Bees to qualify for the BCYF Citywide Bee. The preparation for the school Bees helps young people improve their spelling, broaden their vocabulary and build self-confidence.Commissioner Morales opened the speaking program and Dan Koh, Chief of Staff for the City of Boston, welcomed the spellers and their families and presented each speller with a participation medal. The judges this year were Liz Kurkjian-Henry, retired from the Boston Public Schools, Scot Colford from the Boston Public Library and Chief Koh. It was an exciting, suspenseful event with cheers (and some tears) from the audience and participants.To honor the Bees tenth anniversary, winners from past years were invited back and a plaque was created to hang at BCYFs Administrative Office which will include the names of all the past and future Spelling Bee winners.The winner of this years Bee was Farah Raslan-Haniff, age 9, from Allston who won by spelling ""cacophony correctly. The second place finisher was Mira Yu, age 11, from the North End and coming in third was Sylvia O'Hearn, age 11, from East Boston. The Bee went 14 rounds plus 13 final rounds before the Championship Round..The Scripps National Spelling Bee is the nations largest and longest-running spelling bee. School children from all over the country converge on Washington D.C. every May to compete in the National Bee. The one and only winner from Massachusetts was in 1939. In addition to an all-expenses paid trip to the National Bee, the BCYF Spelling Bee winner received a dictionary, a $100 savings bond, and a trophy. Second place and third place finishers received Barnes and Noble gift cards and trophies.Participating Spellers:Badge#SpellerSchoolGradeAgeHome Neighborhood1Vincent OByrneBoston Latin School712South End2Carlo BasileBradley Elementary510East Boston3Darren CastleberryBrooke Charter School-Mattapan713Dorchester4Dylan HuynhConley Elementary511West Roxbury5Malaika WasimEdison K-8713Brighton6Mira YuEliot K-8611North End7Edgar CuervoGuild Elementary410East Boston8George MamalakisHub Homeschool Group612West Roxbury9Joseph DohertyJackson/Manm K-8612Brighton10Bryan TorroKennedy Patrick Elementary511East Boston11Arianna RiveraKipp Academy-Boston713Dorchester12Peter DeVitoLyndon K-8511West Roxbury13Brandon HashiManning Elementary511Jamaica Plain14Jackson NguyenMurphy K-8712Dorchester15Emmett HughesOhrenberger School612Roslindale16Adrien FelizOur Lady Perpetual Help Mission Grammar611Weymouth17Sylvia OHearnQuincy Elementary511East Boston18Ryan GohlmannSt. John School510Beacon Hill19Keyshon WrightSumner School410Hyde Park20Evan SardinaWarren/Prescott K-8611Charlestown21Farah Raslan HaniffWinship Elementary49Allston22Nateh PanyereWinthrop Elementary510DorchesterWinning words from the previous nine years of the Bee:YearWinning Word2008Lariat2009Scenario2010Ravioli2011Toboggan2012Myriad2013Schnauzer2014Contiguous2015Schottische2016DiurnalAbout Boston Centers for Youth and Families Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency. BCYF operates 36 community centers in Boston that offer a variety of engaging and enriching programs for people of all ages created through community input and need. BCYF also oversees many citywide programs including the nationally-recognized violence intervention and prevention Streetworker Program and SuccessLink, Mayors Summer Jobs Program."
This new role within the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture was conceived of during theBoston CreatesCultural Plan process. Its a direct response to all the creative people who expressed to us again and again their frustrations with navigating the channels of city government.Throughout the Boston Creates process, we heard about a lack of clarity as to what permissions or approvals are needed for cultural events or art installations in the City. We were also reminded about the difficulties faced by those who plan the same event every year. Others are discouraged by the whole idea of needing permission to do something creative, they end up not pursuing their project. We recognize that there is a lot of room for improvement and with the establishment of the Artist Resource Manager position, we aim to provide an entirely new level of service to the cultural community.Julia Ryan will be available to the creative community in Boston as a resource - a cultural maven if you will - who will listen, inform, connect and troubleshoot. She will walk you through whats needed from City government to ensure your project is a success. In turn, well provide your feedback to our colleagues at other City agencies on how the processes can be improved. We want to make city government more accessible, welcoming, and responsive to artists.We also hear from artists who are looking for other resources, ranging from finding space partners to looking for potential collaborators. The Artist Resource Manager is meant to be one-stop-shopping, connecting people to information, organizations, and grant opportunities. As we help more and more folks, well be aggregating the information on who we serve, what their needs are, and how we were able to help. We will create FAQs and information summaries which we will make available on our web site. Well also use the information to more closely focus our efforts on issues that are most widely impacting the cultural community. Removing barriers and obstacles to success and connecting artists with resources and partners are key to creating the fertile ground necessary for a vibrant and sustainable arts and culture ecosystem in Boston.Julia Ryan can be reached at 617-635-ARTS, atjulia.ryan@boston.govor in person at City Hall in Room 802. Youll likely see her at a cultural event or a City of Boston Open House - be sure to say hi and tell her how you create in Boston.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announces four winners of the fifth Design Biennial Boston, a nationally recognized program that provides a public platform for New Englands early-career, independent professional design talent.Conceived and curated by over,under/pinkcomma gallery, the event is sponsored by the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics and the Boston Art Commission in collaboration with Autodesk BUILD Space, the Boston Society of Architects/AIA (BSA), the BSA Foundation, and the Rose Kennedy Greenway Conservancy.Following an open call for entries which included submissions from each of New Englands statesMaine, Vermont, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Connecticutthe jury selected four firms whose work provides ample evidence of the regions vibrant pool of designers. The four selected teams will be awarded $10,000 each to construct site-specific installations on the Rose Kennedy Greenway and will have access to advanced fabrication equipment provided by Autodesk BUILD Space.The 2017 Design Biennial Boston will feature:Jennifer Bonner of MALLRania Ghosn and El Hadi Jazairy of DESIGN EARTHDaniel Ibaez of Margen-LabYasmin Vobis and Aaron Forrest of ULTRAMODERNEJoyce Hsiang and Bimal Mendis of Plan B Architecture & Urbanism and Benjamin Uyeda of Lowest Common Design and Zero Energy Design receive honorable mention awards this year for their submissions.The public installations will be on view on the Rose Kennedy Greenway from late June through mid-September.Boston is known as a municipal arts leader in part because we value public art and recognize the vitality it brings to a community, says Mayor Walsh. I congratulate the four teams selected for Design Biennial Boston 2017 who will each take design innovation to a whole new level at the Rose Kennedy Greenway, and look forward to showcasing the incredible creativity that exists in our country.""This fifth installment of the Design Biennial Boston brings a mix of new voices to The Greenway, reflecting diverse backgrounds, a merging of academic and professional interests, and a remarkably broad set of design aspirations, explains Chris Grimley of over,under/pinkcomma gallery, one of the exhibition's curators. The Design Biennial Boston offers a platform for New Englands new design talent, but it also reminds us of how we should draw more often on such innovative thinkers to respond to the challenges all communities will face in the future.The winning designers projects range from critical assessments to constructed interventions and demonstrate a breadth of influence beyond New England, including an exploration on ordinary roof typologies in Atlanta, exhibitions on the geographies of trash and oil in Ann Arbor and Venice, a digitally fabricated solar house in Madrid, and a pavilion defined by a long-span timber roof in Chicago.The Design Biennial Boston attracts the most forward-thinking designers, and we are looking forward to providing the winning teams with access to our R&D workshop,"" explains sponsor Rick Rundell of Autodesk BUILD Space. By connecting these emerging innovators to advanced technologies for large-scale digital fabrication, they get to realize their design vision, and we get to better understand the future of making for the building industry.""""We are excited onceagainto host the Design Biennial Boston on The Greenway, says Lucas Cowan, curator of public art for The Greenway Conservancy. The 2017 season on The Greenway will be home to a wonderful confluence of architecture and public art this summer, showcasing a diversity of innovative thinkers and makers. As someone who walks along the Greenway every day and enjoys its public art, I especially look forward to the Design Biennial Boston, comments juror Josiah Stevenson, 2017 president of the BSA. As a nation we benefit from the creativity of these emerging designers and our interaction with them.The jury for the 2017 Design Biennial Boston included Dina Deitsch (Carpenter Center for the Visual Arts), Shauna Gillies-Smith (Ground), Mark Lamster (Dallas Morning News), Keith Krumwiede (NJIT) along with sponsors Rick Rundell (Autodesk BUILD Space), Karin Goodfellow (Boston Art Commission), Josiah Stevenson (Boston Society of Architects), Michael Evans (Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics), and Lucas Cowan (Rose Kennedy Greenway Conservancy). The installations and related exhibition will be curated by Chris Grimley, Michael Kubo, and Mark Pasnik (over,under/pinkcomma gallery).Note: Headshots of winners are available upon request. Contact Chris Grimley, curator, at grimley@overunder.co.JURY COMMENTSJennifer Bonner of MALLWhat was especially appealing about this submission was that it combined a bold and original graphic and architectural aesthetic with a legible, provocative social agenda.Mark LamsterRania Ghosn and El Hadi Jazairy of DESIGN EARTHThe powerful drawings and installations of these exceptional designers make visiblein a profound and terrifyingly beautiful waythe deep and damaging impact that human activity has had on the earthand the consequences of that impact for our continued inhabitation of the planet.Keith KrumweideDaniel Ibaez of Margen-LabWe were struck by the exuberant manifestations of architectural ideas through form, materials, and fabrication strategies. Tangible and energetic, the prototype pavilions in this submission create architecture that beckons to be engaged with.Shauna Gillies-SmithYasmin Vobis and Aaron Forrest of ULTRAMODERNEThe teams portfolio consistently exhibited a thoughtful and generous approach to design by which iconic forms, contemporary engineering, and direct materiality merged into elegant and witty spaces. Their work presents open and distinctive areas for gatherings and offers up a strikingmodel of civic design for our times.Dina DeitschABOUT DESIGN BIENNIAL BOSTONDesign Biennial Boston showcases the most significant leaders among early-career, independent design talent in New England through a juried exhibition and site-specific, outdoor installation. The mission is to create a more vibrant design community that will contribute to Bostons evolving culture, shape, and economic health, while being a model for other communities in the United States.The first iteration of Design Biennial Bostonknown at that time as the Young Architects Boston Groupwas held at pinkcomma gallery in 2008. Renamed Design Biennial Boston in 2010, the event moved to BSA Space (home to the Boston Society of Architects/AIA) in 2012/13 and the Rose Kennedy Greenway in 2015. Past participants include twenty-three designers: Ground, Hweler + Yoon Architecture, LinOldhamOffice, Merge Architects, MOS, over,under, SSD, Studio Luz, Uni, Utile (2008) C&MP, Dan Hisel Architect, Schneider Studio, Touloukian Touloukian, William OBrien Jr. (2010) GroundView, Kiel Moe, Matter Design, Project_ (2012/2013) Cristina Parreo Architecture, GLD, Landing Studio, Mass Design Group (2015).designbiennialboston.comABOUT THE SPONSORSAutodesk BUILD Space autodesk.com/build-spaceThe Autodesk BUILD Space (BUILD for Building, Innovation, Learning, and Design) is a facility for exploration and innovation around design, materials, fabrication, and construction in the building industry. It is a unique research and development workshop and innovation studio that provides a venue for all professionals in the architecture, engineering, and construction (AEC) industryfrom startups to industry leaders and academicsto experiment in a shared collaborative space.Boston Art Commission publicartboston.comThe Boston Art Commission, first assembled in 1890, advocates for creative place-making through the integration of public art into Bostons civic spaces. From siting and funding temporary art on City property to reviewing and approving proposals for permanent public art, the Art Commission actively fosters community engagement in Bostons cultural landscape. With a board of nine dedicated, Boston-based arts professionals appointed by the Mayor, the Art Commission also has custody of all permanent artworks sited on public property.BSA Space architects.org/bsaspaceBSA Space, Bostons leading cultural institution for architecture and design, is home to the Boston Society of Architects and the BSA Foundation. All exhibitions at BSA Space are supported by the BSA Foundation. The Foundations vision is to build a better Boston by engaging communities, inspiring vision, and provoking positive change. Admission to BSA Space is free and open to the public.Boston Society of Architects/AIA architects.orgThe Boston Society of Architects/AIA (BSA) is committed to professional development for its members, advocacy on behalf of great design and, together with its sister organization, the BSA Foundation, sharing an appreciation for the built environment with the public at large. Established in 1867, the BSA today consists of nearly 4,000 members and produces a diverse array of programs and publications, including ArchitectureBoston Expo and ArchitectureBoston magazine. A chapter of the American Institute of Architects, the BSA is a nonprofit, professional-service organization.BSA Foundation architects.org/foundationThe goal of the BSA Foundation is to enhance public understanding of the built environment and the processes that shape it. With understanding, our communities will be better equipped to enrich and preserve our physical and natural surroundings. The Foundation's vision is to build a better Boston by engaging communities, inspiring vision, and provoking positive change.Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics newurbanmechanics.orgThe Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics in Boston serves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs. The Mechanics strive to engage the community in developing projects that will reshape city government and improve the services it provides.over,under/pinkcomma gallery overunder.co, pinkcomma.comAs a design firm and gallery, over,under/pinkcomma strives to make design more pivotal in political and cultural discoursesand across disciplines of architecture, landscape, graphics, urbanism, interiors, and industrial design.Rose Kennedy Greenway Conservancy rosekennedygreenway.orgThe Rose Kennedy Greenway, a roof garden atop a highway tunnel, is a contemporary public park in the heart of Boston. The non-profit Greenway Conservancy maintains, programs, finances, and improves the 1.5-mile Greenway on behalf of the public. The Greenway welcomed a record 1.379 million visitors in 2016 for The Greenway Carousel, events, Wi-Fi, and Mobile Eats food trucks, plus millions of visitors who enjoyed the fountains, plazas, and gardens. The Conservancy has won numerous awards, including for its organic landscape care and park programming.Additional support for Design Biennial Boston is provided by Millennium Partners, Boston."
The annual St. Patricks Day Parade, as well as the annual South Boston Boys and Girls Club Road Race, will be held in South Boston on Sunday, March 19, 2017. The parade route has been shortened due to weather conditions.The parade and road race will result in street closures and traffic detours in South Boston and the surrounding area, and reduce on-street parking availability. Those coming into South Boston for the festivities are strongly encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike share system, may be found at www.theHubway.com, and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket.The parade will begin at 1 p.m.on West Broadway at Dorchester Avenue, proceed to East Broadway, and end on Farragut Road. Streets along the parade route will be closed to traffic from 10 a.m. - 4 p.m.The road race will begin at 11 a.m.on West Sixth Street at the Boys and Girls Club and will end at Noon.The route will take runners from:Streets along the race route will be closed to traffic temporarily as the runners pass through, with the exception of West Broadway and East Broadway. Those streets will be closed for a longer stretch of time to accommodate the parade.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event SATURDAY AND SUNDAY temporary parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event SUNDAY temporary parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced applications are now available for the 2017 City of Boston Scholarships. The City of Boston Scholarship program is designed to support higher education, and is available to Boston residents interested in pursuing an undergraduate degree in Massachusetts.""For the last 20 years, the City of Boston Scholarship Fund has provided more than 2,000 residents with the financial support needed to further their education,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our students are the foundation of Boston's future, and I encourage anyone interested in pursuing higher education to apply for this scholarship. Investing in our residents means investing in the future of our city.""Candidates must be Boston residents who have graduated from high school or have completed G.E.D. programming by the time the awards are made. Additionally, candidates must be planning to attend, or currently attending, a two- or four-year accredited post-secondary institution within Massachusetts.The City of Boston Scholarship fund provides up to $2,500 per academic year towards tuition, and relies primarily on generous voluntary contributions from individuals, organizations and corporations to further the goal of having more Boston residents complete a post-secondary education. During the 2015-2016 academic year, the scholarship program awarded a total of $250,000 to over 100 students representing almost every neighborhood of Boston, over 20 local high schools and 20 local colleges/universities.""The cost of college tuition has increased by 45 percent in the last decade - a price rising faster than nearly any other good or service in America,"" said Boston Chief of Education Turahn Dorsey. ""Over the coming year, the Mayor's Education Cabinet and the City's Scholarship Committee will work with local students, educators, higher education officials, and college access experts to identify ways to to ensure that all Boston students find an affordable way to reach - and complete - a postsecondary education.""Residents who fit the criteria are encouraged to apply online. The deadline to submit applications for incoming freshmen isFriday, May 5th at 5:00 p.m.For applicants who are renewing their scholarship, the deadline isFriday, June 30th at 5:00 p.m.Learn more about the City of Boston scholarship fund."
Admittedly, we were a bit all over the place on the old site with our icons. Instead of one cohesive voice, we let departments do their own thing, and it made for a weird experience. Without consistency, it was confusing to try to figure out if the information you were getting actually came from the City of Boston.With the new Boston.gov, we stepped up our game. Youll find close to 300 custom icons across the site, including on department pages and on our homepage. Even with these tiny icons, we made sure to stick to our strategic principles. We want to look warm but official, creating an environment that makes you want to click around and explore our site.Through icons, were able to communicate meaning across languages. Along with helping you navigate the site, our icons also add a bit of personality to Boston.gov.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced an agreement has been reached between Related Beal and CITGO that will ensure the CITGO sign remains in Kenmore Square.""I applaud Related Beal and CITGO for their willingness to come together in a collaborative way that will benefit the entire city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The CITGO sign has become an important part of the community and I am delighted that both sides were able to agree on terms that will allow the sign to stay where it is.""Mayor Walsh met with both parties yesterday and offered space in City Hall as a neutral negotiation location until they reached a resolution. The agreement was reached this afternoon at City Hall.Kimberly Sherman Stamler, President of Related Beal, said, ""We are pleased to have reached a resolution where the sign will remain in place for decades to come and are grateful for the Mayor's leadership. We look forward to again collaborating with the City of Boston on plans for the redevelopment of Kenmore Square and to bringing increased economic activity, hundreds of jobs and a marquee office location to the area.""""Like many of the communities in which we operate, CITGO has a deep connection with Boston, and the CITGO Sign is an important part of that history,"" said Rick Esser, Vice President of Supply and Marketing for CITGO. ""We are proud that the CITGO sign has become a beacon in the Boston skyline and we are grateful to Mayor Walsh for his leadership in bringing the parties together. This agreement ensures that the sign will continue to shine brightly for years to come."""
"Company One Theatre (C1) and the Boston Public Library are thrilled to enter into a collaborative venture that brings a full-scale, all-ages, pay-what-you-want theatrical production of Jiehae Parks""Peerless"" to Rabb Hall at the Central Library in Copley Square  the first fully-staged theatrical run ever to be staged in the space. Performances begin Thursday, April 27, at 7 p.m. and continue through May 28, 2017, in conjunction with the Librarys All the Citys a Stage: A Season of Shakespeare.To stage the first-ever live theatre run at the BPL is an honor, says C1 Artistic Director Shawn LaCount. And it marks what we hope will be an example to the rest of Bostons artistic and cultural institutions of what we can achieve together as an intersectional community.The City of Boston is proud to support Bostons flourishing arts community through Company One Theatres production of 'Peerless' at the Boston Public Library, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts & Culture for the City of Boston. The collaboration between the two organizations to bring Rabb Hall to life as a theater performance space is both innovative and exciting. We look forward to this being one of the first of many performances there.Todays library spaces can be brought to life with innovative partnerships. In our first year post-renovation, this pilot program with Company One Theatres performances will undoubtedly bring new energy and dynamism to the Central Library for all to enjoy, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library. Its yet another way of making Shakespeare come to life.Company One Theatre and the Boston Public Library are dedicated to making art and information accessible to all. In this spirit, all tickets to ""Peerless"" are Pay-What-You-Want. By removing the financial barrier to attendance, we hope everyone who wishes to can engage with this work. No minimum contribution is required to attend ""Peerless,"" though a $10 ticket donation goes to Company One and directly contributes to the future of financially accessible theater in Boston. Thanks to our generous Lead Sponsors, Boston Public Library Foundation, and the Highland Street Foundation, as well as the Liberty Mutual Foundation, and the Eastern Bank Charitable Foundation for helping us make boundary-breaking art accessible to all.Radically inclusive, totally affordable. All tickets for peerless are Pay-What-You-Want. $0 minimum, $10 suggested, $50 youre a hero.You can get tickets online throughCompanyOne.org. You can also pick up tickets in person on the day of a performance at the library, depending on availability.Press Performance: Saturday, April 29, 2017, at 7 p.m. (Email Susanna Jackson at sjackson@companyone.orgto RSVP)"
It's that time of year again! Mayor Walsh and Greenovate Boston are accepting nominations for our annual Greenovate Awards. In celebration of Earth Day, the Greenovate Boston Awards recognize outstanding achievement in climate action and environmental sustainability among the Boston community, including our businesses, community organizations, nonprofits, residents, and institutions. We are looking for climate champions that make an impact on Boston and its environment every day.This year were doing things a little different. Once we gather all the nominees, we will open the process up to the public to vote for their favorite nominee in each category.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Police Commissioner William Evans today announced an agreement with the Boston Police Patrolmen's Association (BPPA) to extend the Body Worn Camera Pilot Program by an additional six months to ensure sufficient data is available for an effective study of the program.The extension agreement maintains that up to 100 patrol officers will be equipped with body cameras in which on-duty police activity will be conducted. Patrol officers currently equipped with body cameras will continue to participate in the pilot program. If necessary, replacement officers will be trained and assigned by the Boston Police Department.""I am pleased that the pilot program will be continuing through what tends to be our busiest months of the year,"" Commissioner Evans said. ""Extending through the summer will give us the opportunity to keep the body worn cameras out in the community and will provide additional data to assist with the assessment of the program. I would like to thank Mayor Walsh, the union leadership of the BPPA and the officers who are participating in this pilot program for their continued commitment to exploring this new policing tool.""Conducting the pilot program over a full year will allow for observations to be made in all seasons and various situations. Further, the BPD will issue a Request for Proposals, funded by the City of Boston,within two weeksto allow for independent analysis to be conducted by an expert in the field for a more comprehensive review of the available data, comparisons of body worn camera technologies and vendors and best practices for the BPD.The Body Worn Camera Pilot Program was created by viewing best practices in other municipalities across the country with input from police departments and officers, the BPD Social Justice Task Force, the Harvard Law Criminal Justice Program and through community feedback.The Mayor's Fiscal Year 2017 budget provided $500,000 to support the pilot, including project management service, evaluation, and potentially, personnel costs. The pilot is now scheduled to end onSeptember 11, 2017."
Boston Public Library holds one of the largest and most comprehensive publicly-held collections of Shakespeare, including the first four folios of his collected works, 45 early quarto editions of individual plays, and thousands of volumes of early source material, commentaries, translations, manuscripts, and more. Visit www.bpl.org/shakespeare to view the complete offerings of the initiative.Shakespeare Unauthorized: Experience the original works of The BardShakespeare Unauthorized, a major gallery exhibition on view from October 14, 2016 through March 31, 2017, includes extraordinarily rare first and early editions of familiar and beloved plays like A Midsummer Nights Dream, Hamlet, and The Merchant of Venice, as well as all four Shakespearean folios, most notably the BPLs own copy of the world-famous First Folio. Through the pages of these precious books, visitors can experience Shakespeare in his original language and spelling, just as he would have been read by book lovers and theater-goers hundreds of years ago.Shakespeare Unauthorized is made possible through the financial support of Iron Mountain Incorporated (NYSE: IRM), the global leader in storage and information management services. Based in Boston, Iron Mountain provides charitable grants of funding and in-kind services to cultural and historical preservation projects like Shakespeare Unauthorized through its Living Legacy Initiative.Shakespeare Unauthorized contains far more than just books of plays: this exhibition features surprising rarities and mysterious objects scandalous forgeries made by con men and accomplished scholars books from the luxurious private libraries of early English aristocrats and memorabilia from four centuries of acting and stagecraft.C&G Partners created the engaging exhibition design that showcases the extraordinary historic material on display in Shakespeare Unauthorized.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.Iron Mountain Incorporated (NYSE: IRM) is the global leader for storage and information management services. Trusted by more than 220,000 organizations around the world, Iron Mountains real estate network comprises more than 85 million square feet across more than 1,400 facilities in 45 countries dedicated to protecting and preserving what matters most for its customers. Iron Mountains solutions portfolio includes records management, data management, document management, data centers, art storage and logistics, and secure shredding, helping organizations to lower storage costs, comply with regulations, recover from disaster, and better use their information. Founded in 1951, Iron Mountain stores and protects billions of information assets, including critical business documents, electronic information, medical data and cultural and historical artifacts. Visit the Iron Mountain website for more information.Image: William Shakespeares First Folio, 1623. Boston Public Library, Rare Books Department.
I will not tolerate discrimination in our city of any form. We are one Boston, which means we are a fully inclusive city. I will not be marching in the parade unless this is resolved. Anyone who values what our city stands for should do the same.
People all over the world spend March 8recognizing and celebrating the important women in their lives. March is also a great time to reflect on women who came before us and made a positive impact on the world, and the workplace. Since March is Women's History Month, wehere at the Employee Assistance Programare educating ourselves about amazing feats of women. Many have forged the way for women's rights, equality, and were instrumental in making gains in the workplace.Below are some examples of women connected to March who have truly impressed us with their accomplishments.March 9, 1910 Sue Lee is born. The San Francisco labor organizer led a 15-week strike against a garment factory, fighting for better working conditions and increased wages.March 30, 1911Ellen Swallow Richardsdies. She was the first woman admitted to the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and also its first female instructor.March 23, 1924 Bette Nesmith Graham is born. She invented Liquid Paper correction fluid, a brand of white-out.March 26, 1930 Sandra Day OConnor is born. She became the first femaleU.S. Supreme Court Justice in 1981.March 1, 1945 Nancy Woodhull is born. She was a founding editor at USA TODAYand worked to redefine how women are covered in the news.March 12, 1968 Tammy Duckworth is born. She became the first disabled woman to serve in the U.S. House of Representatives and the second Asian-American woman in the Senate.March 11, 1993 Janet Reno is confirmed as the first woman to become U.S. Attorney General.We encourage you to stop and reflect this month, as well as honor Women's History Month, by having discussions and celebrations in your departments.
The clinic series is six weeks long with registration on a first come, first served basis. The first hour of each clinic is the Junior Session (ages 7 to 17), the second hour is the Adult Session (18 and up). There is a maximum of 25 people per session all others will be placed on a waiting list. Equipment is provided, but you may bring your own clubs. Clinicians are highly qualified golf instructors. Registration forms are available at boston.gov/departments/parks-and-recreation/recreation-programs.The clinic schedule is as follows:BCYF Leahy Holloran1 Worrell Street, Dorchester617-635-5150Junior Session: 5 p.m. Adult Session: 6 p.m.BCYF Ohrenberger175 West Boundary Road, West Roxbury617-635-5183Junior Session: 6 p.m., Adult Session: 7 p.m.BCYF Nazzaro30 North Bennett Street, North End617-635-5166Junior Session: 5 p.m., Adult Session: 6 p.m.BCYF Charlestown25 Medford Street, Charlestown617-635-5169Junior Session: 6 p.m., Adult Session: 7 p.m.BCYF Tynan650 East Fourth Street, South Boston617-635-5110Junior Session: 6 p.m., Adult Session: 7 p.m.Colonel Daniel Marr Boys & Girls Clubhouse35 Deer Street, Dorchester617-288-7120Junior Session: 6 p.m., Adult Session: 7 p.m.BCYF Hyde Park1179 River Street, Hyde Park617-635-5178Junior Session: 6 p.m., Adult Session: 7 p.m.BCYF Perkins155 Talbot Avenue, Dorchester617-635-5162Junior Session: 6 p.m., Adult Session: 7 p.m.
While this administration is packaging this as a new and improved executive order, it is the same ban that discriminates against the same people. It was wrong the first time and it's wrong the second. In Boston, we will always stand by our immigrant community.
I am shocked and saddened by the sudden and tragic loss of Ken Guscott. Ken served Boston and its people in so many ways - as a veteran, an advocate and a lifelong builder of a better city. His vision for Dudley Square and the transformation of Roxbury was bright and vibrant, and he pushed every day to create jobs, support business development and bring greater opportunity to the neighborhood. Boston has lost a true leader, and we will continue to work together to bring progress to all our neighborhoods in his memory.
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh and City Councilor Ayanna Pressley announce a proposal to grant the City of Boston additional liquor licenses as part of an ongoing effort to attract new businesses and restaurants, encourage expansion of current establishments, and support Boston's growing economy.""I am proud of this proposal that will give our small businesses in every corner of our city a better opportunity to grow and thrive,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This balanced approach to licensing ensures neighborhoods historically disadvantaged by the liquor license process will receive their fair share of licenses, while also providing an option for larger establishments to receive licenses without hurting our small businesses. I look forward to working with the Boston City Council and Massachusetts Legislature to advance this important piece of legislation.""""This is the next natural step in our push to reduce disparities in neighborhood sit-down restaurants across the city,"" said Boston City Councilor Ayanna Pressley. ""I am happy to collaborate with Mayor Walsh to craft legislation that supports our neighborhoods in growing at their own speed and continues to support the development of restaurant clusters in our business districts that will be economic and social anchors. This City continues to grow, and this legislation is a step towards ensuring that growth is shared with all of our neighborhoods.""The proposal would provide the City of Boston with 152 non-transferable liquor licenses. These licenses would be phased in over three years (2017-2019):In 2014, Boston was granted legislative approval for 25 new liquor licenses per year, over the course of three years. While 80 percent of these licenses were geographically-restricted, the remaining 20 percent were eligible to be sold on the open market. In this proposal, 100% of the new liquor licenses would be non-transferable. This will allow the administration to continue to focus on fostering neighborhood vitality and economic development in historically underserved neighborhoods. New restaurant establishments throughout Boston's neighborhoods will diversify communities and Boston Main Streets districts, offer residents local, affordable options in neighborhoods, and provide entrepreneurs an easier entry point into Boston's restaurant market."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the expansion ofBoston Saves, the City'sChildren's Savings Account(CSA) program. The program is designed to give families the opportunity to create a long-term savings plan for college, post-secondary education and training, for their children. Today, the McKay School in East Boston,the final school of the five schools initially selected as part of a pilot phase, launched the program with the announcement that Boston Saves will be offered at an additional six schools in the city beginning in Fall 2017.To prepare for the fall pilot program, the six selected schools will join a learning cohort that includes leadership from the first five schools to share best practices on how to successfully implement the program, which will help the city design a universal roll out in Fall 2019.""Children's Savings Accounts are important savings tools that empower students and families to plan ahead by saving now for their children's future,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud to expand this program to reach even more students in schools across Boston. Even a small amount over time can make a big difference, and I encourage families to take advantage of this opportunity to prepare our children for a bright future ahead.""Schools that will join the pilot cohort this fall includethe Haynes Early Education Center in Roxbury, the West Zone Early Learning Center in Jamaica Plain, the Martin Luther King K-8 School in Dorchester, the Gardner Pilot Academy in Allston, the Winship Elementary School in Brighton, and the Mattahunt Elementary School in Mattapan.At the launch events, parents and students were invited to access their CSA through an online platform created in partnership with InvestCloud. The platform allows families to link any savings, checking or 529 account to a secure online platform that makes it easy to save, earn rewards, track progress and gain financial tips.To date, the schools that have launched CSAs include: the Harvard-Kent Elementary School in Charlestown, the James Otis Elementary School in East Boston, the Franklin D. Roosevelt K-8 in Hyde Park, Conley Elementary School in Roslindale, and the McKay K-8 School in East Boston.The program, run by the Mayor's Office of Financial Empowerment (OFE), has three goals:Possessing a Children's Savings Account can positively impact children's and families' mindsets towards post-secondary education and training. Research and practice across the country strongly suggest that CSAs are an effective tool in impacting higher education outcomes: families with CSAs are more likely to see college as a goal for their children, and low-income children with $500 or less in a savings account, dedicated to higher education, have been shown to be three times more likely to enroll and four times more likely to graduate from college.All kindergarten (K2) students at the selected pilot schools will have an initial seed deposit of $50 set aside for them. Families will be able to save for post-secondary education and training, and will have opportunities to earn incentives along the way.The pilot program is supported by various private foundations, including the Eos Foundation, a private philanthropic foundation committed to breaking the cycle of poverty by investing in children's future. Programmatic support is provided by Metro Credit Union, the Boston Educational Development Foundation, and ReadBoston, with financial literacy support from OFE, Junior Achievement, the Blue Hills Bank Foundation, and Santander Bank.Building on OFE's mission to build, grow and reinforce a holistic financial inclusion strategy for the City of Boston, OFE has been awarded a two year grant from the National League of Cities' ""Cities Building Systems to Promote Financial Inclusion"" to support the CSA program. Boston was one of eight cities chosen to participate in a Mayor's Institute on Financial Inclusion in April 2016 to receive in-depth technical assistance. The participating cities were invited to apply for up to two rounds of funds from a grant pool of $15,000-$50,000 based on the proposed project and budget.For more information aboutBoston Saves, please visithere."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the hiring of Julia Ryan as the Artist Resource Manager in the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture. The position, included as one of the action items in Boston Creates, is newly created and will act as a single point of entry to City Hall for creative people and businesses looking to find information about a wide range of issues, from permitting and licensing processes to affordable housing, and financial literacy to small business support.""I am thrilled that we are opening up an important channel of communication between local artists and their city government by creating an Artist Resource Manager,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Responding to the needs of artists is a crucial part of the cultural plan, and I am confident that Julia will do an exceptional job in serving as a liaison to our creative community.""The Artist Resource Manager position was first proposed during one of the Mayor's many conversations with members of the artist community, and envisioned during the cultural planning process as a liaison specifically for artists, modeled after the coordinators in the Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services. The City heard from the community that artists have some specialized needs and would be best served by someone who understands artists and arts organizations, as well as City systems.In 2015, Mayor Walsh launchedBoston Creates, a cultural planning process designed to create a long-term plan for arts and culture. When the plan was unveiled in 2016, it detailed five goals designed to create a cultural shift in the city: building a sustainable arts ecosystem, supporting Boston artists, promoting cultural equity, integrating arts and culture into all aspects of civic life and engaging both likely and unlikely partners, uniting them in the goal of ensuring Boston becomes a leading city for the arts.""I am so excited to have Julia join our team,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""She has many years of experience of working directly with artists and we know that she will bring that experience to bear as she enters this new role at City Hall.""The goal of this position is to help creative people find the resources and assistance they need to do creative projects. Not only will Julia help artists and arts navigate City Hall, she will also serve as an aggregator of information and resources, focused on artists and creative practice. Ms. Ryan will be located at the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture in Rm. 802 at City Hall and can be reached at 617-635-ARTS (2787).Julia formerly served as an Arts in Education Council Consultant at Harvard Graduate School of Education in Cambridge, where she worked to advance developmental goals for the school's arts department initiatives. Prior to that, Julia worked as an Education and Development Coordinator at the Urbano Project and a volunteer curator at Unbound Visual Artists. She graduated with a Master of Education degree from Harvard Graduate School of Education, and lives in Jamaica Plain.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include implementing the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. Learn more about Arts and Culture."
As part of our focus on safety, we now consider a companys safety track record before issuing a permit. A new City Ordinance enacted by Mayor Walsh and the City Council is supporting this effort.Before a company can get a permit, it must provide the results of all its OSHA inspections for the last five years. In certain cases, the company may also need to give us a copy of its Safety Plan for the project.At Public Works, we know safety requires each person at a work site to make smart decisions every day. We also know that companies that put safety first and provide training have the safest outcomes.Unsafe practices on our streets and sidewalks endanger both workers and the public. By making sure only safe and responsible contractors do work in the Public Right-of-Way, were making the streets safer for everyone!
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced yesterday the formation of the Business Capital and Finance Unit in his speech at the Boston Municipal Research Bureau's annual meeting. Housed within the Mayor's Office of Economic Development, the Business Capital and Finance Unit will prioritize small business lending in historically underserved neighborhoods and demographics to support job creation in low-to-moderate income households and the revitalization of neighborhood commercial districts.""Supporting Boston's small business economy is one of my administration's top priorities, and I am proud to add a financial tool to our small business resource toolkit,"" Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""By repurposing our small business loans to target strategic industries and neighborhoods, wewill ensure that struggling small businesses and entrepreneurs have the opportunity to benefit, grow, and thrive in areas where we see the greatest economic development potential.""Led by John FitzGerald, the Business Capital and Finance Unit will utilize the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's (HUD) Community Development Block Grants (CDBG) to distribute flexible gap financing and micro loans to restaurants, immigrant-owned businesses, women and minority-owned businesses, and industrial small businesses within the City of Boston. These flexible loans will assist businesses in rehabbing existing buildings, new construction and expansion, purchasing equipment, and startup costs.""With Mayor Walsh's leadership we were able to reexamine and refocus our current lending strategy to support the growing sectors of business that have the potential to create jobs and revitalize neighborhoods in the most need,"" said John FitzGerald. ""By providing a flexible financing option, we will be able to support more small businesses and entrepreneurs and promote economic mobility across the City of Boston.""Released in March 2016, the city's first-everSmall Business Planidentified approximately 400 capital providers in or serving Boston. However, the lack of availability and access to capital resources was found to be a prominent gap in Boston's small business ecosystem. To provide solutions to traditional lending challenges and introduce innovative capital resources, this new, flexible product from the City of Boston builds off of successful ongoing progress to connect small businesses and provide guidance on Boston's 250 business support organizations.About the Mayor's Office of Economic DevelopmentThe Economic Development Cabinet's mission is to make Boston an appealing and accessible place for working families, entrepreneurs, businesses, and investors to innovate, grow, and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for all Bostonians and the experience for all visitors. Learn more on theirwebsite."
All the Citys a Stage: A Season of Shakespeare at the Boston Public Library commemorates the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeares death. From September 2016 to June 2017, discover the Bards lasting legacy with dozens of programs system wide connecting audiences to theater and the dramatic arts.March Shakespeare programs:Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
On Saturday, March 4, 2017, beginning at 6 PM, the Boston Society will conduct the annual Boston Massacre reenactment in front of the Old State House at the intersection of Congress, Devonshire and State Streets in Downtown Boston. Street closures and parking restrictions will be in place to accommodate the event and those attending are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.theHubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.MBTA.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket.There will be no vehicular access to Devonshire Street from State Street between 6 PM and 8 PM. Traffic on State Street will be limited to one lane. If crowd size and other conditions warrant, State Street may need to be closed to traffic as well.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 4 PM to 9 PM parking restrictions will be implemented at the following locations.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of BuildBPS,a ten-year Educational and Facilities Master Plan for the Boston Public Schools.BuildBPS is a dynamic and strategic document, as well as an interactive digital tool, which provides the City of Boston, Boston Public Schools, and Boston's residents with the data and guidance to bring Boston's school buildings into the 21st Century.This master plan not only encompasses the aspirations and goals of all stakeholders, but lends the data and ideas needed to bring them to fruition.Since September 2015, information on Boston's student population, school facilities, and neighborhoods has been collected and synthesized to become the foundation of this report. Those findings, partnered with a creative and renewed vision for facilities, will now aid the City, Boston Public Schools and the communityin making informed decisions and developing a coordinated approach to revitalizing Boston's school buildings and, by extension, its neighborhoods. BuildBPS is designed to be clear and transparent, so planning and decision-making can happen in collaboration with students, parents, educators and neighbors.Mayor Walsh announced inhis State of the City addressa $1 billion investment to begin the modernization of Boston's public school infrastructure, and will rely on the BuildBPS plan to guide that process. ""BuildBPS is going to transform the way we plan, build, and renovate school facilities leading to more opportunities for Boston's students to reach their full potential and prepare for 21st-century success,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to utilizing the knowledge, creativity, and dedication in our school communities, to together, re-imagine and renew Boston's public school infrastructure and to provide a brighter future for every student in every neighborhood.""BuildBPS is composed of two main components: the written report and the BuildBPS Dashboard, a web-based data visualization tool.The written report includes:The BuildBPS Dashboard, housed on a web-based platform, provides:Analysis tools and data visualizations that also offer insight into the conditions of school buildings and educational environments, helping users more fully understand the relationships that BPS buildings have with one another and city neighborhoods.Over the next 10 years, many steps will be taken and much work done in the effort to move BuildBPS forward and modernize Boston's school building portfolio. The following are actions that will be taken immediately to pave the way for future investments:The City of Boston and Boston Public Schools will continue to revisit the document to adjust to feedback and accommodate change over the next ten years. For more information, please visitwww.BuildBPS.org."
Thank you Matt [Keifer], thank you Sam [Tyler]. I'd like to start with an announcement. We learned yesterday that for the fourth year in a row, the City of Boston received perfect AAA bond ratings from both Moody's and Standard & Poor's. These ratings reward strong fiscal management by maximizing our access to capital.That doesnt happen by accident. Three years ago in my first address to the Research Bureau, I made a commitment to data-driven performance in city government. We started in 2014 by installing data dashboards and using metrics at cabinet meetings. In 2015, we formed a citywide Analytics Team to drive innovation across departments. In January of 2016 we took it to another level with CityScore, a groundbreaking management system that has earned international attention.As a direct result of these efforts, in the last year alone, we increased the fire trucks that arrive in under 4 minutes by 4%. We increased the traffic signals repaired within 24 hours by 10%. And we increased 311 calls answered within 30 seconds to 92%.Data is improving our performance, saving us money, and even saving lives. Last year I noticed on the CityScore dashboard that, for several days in a row, our ambulance response numbers were in the red. That means below the standard we set.I asked EMS, the Analytics Team, and the Budget Office to look at the issue and come up with solutions. The result was, in the FY17 budget, we decided to hire 20 additional EMTs and buy 10 new ambulances.We didnt just open up the checkbook. We made a sound investment. We project overtime costs will be down next year by 10% and revenue from insurance reimbursements will be up by 8%. Its a net positive impact of more than $3 million. Most important, people are getting help more quickly.When I looked at the dashboard and saw that red number, I didnt see it as data. I was thinking about the people having medical crises and their families waiting for the ambulance to arrive. Many of us have been there, and its the longest wait of your life.Data-driven describes the tools we use to get there faster. But its more accurate to say our culture is people-driven and data-smart. This philosophy goes beyond city services. It guides our response to the most pressing policy challenges.Consider the issue of economic opportunity.In recent years, income and wealth inequality have moved to the center of that conversation. By one measure, Boston is among the most unequal cities. We are working to change that. But we want to do it in a way that lifts our people up, not just our numbers. Inequality metrics miss some things about Boston. For example, we provide a greater share of subsidized housing than any other city. And we have one of the biggest college and graduate student populations. If these lower-income residents couldnt live here, we might look like a more equal city. But I submit that without public housing and universities, wed lose something more. We wouldnt be Boston.The big drivers of inequality are global forces and national policies. Locally, our scope for action is better defined by mobility: the opportunity for people to get ahead in life and achieve financial security. As a people-driven, data-smart city, thats what we devote our energy to advancing. Mobility requires education and job training, housing and transportation, health and quality of life. So its the goal in all our policy work.For example, high rents are one of the biggest obstacles to mobility. Thats why our historic rate of housing production is one of our most important mobility strategies. By getting over 19,000 units either built or in construction, weve taken pressure off the existing housing stock where working families live. Average rents were down last year by 4%. New housing has put money back in working peoples pockets.For many people, mobility means small business ownership. So we expanded citywide small business support. And today I can announce we are creating a Business Capital and Finance Unit. It will make loans to small businesses with minimum set-asides for historically under-served neighborhoods and people. Were going to help more entrepreneurs achieve their dreams.Above all, upward mobility today requires education. Public schools are the foundation of opportunity in our society. Thats why, in the last three years, we have prioritized data-smart reforms that close opportunity gaps and elevate all students. The data shows that five-year-olds with Child Savings Accounts are more likely to enroll in college or job training after high school. So we created accounts for kindergarteners, starting in 5 schools.The data shows that more learning time improves student achievement. So we extended the school day for K-through-8 students, adding a total of 120 hours or the equivalent of 20 days per year.The data shows that children of color are tracked out of the highest academic pathways as early as elementary school. So we are expanding access to rigorous curriculum in grades 4 through 6, as well as exam school test prep.And the data shows that a debt-free path into college increases student enrollment. So we secured free tuition for eligible BPS graduates at three community colleges.Finally, the data shows that there is no more proven educational investment than high-quality pre-kindergarten. Public pre-K means the world to families who want to give their kids the best possible start in school. The data backs them up. But it tells us that the impact depends on well-resourced, high quality classrooms. Multiple studies have shown that the Boston Public Schools program is the gold standard. It closes achievement gaps through third gradefor students lucky enough to get a seat. No child in our city should have to depend on luck for an equal education. Thats why weve increased enrollment by more than 700 students already. And its why we have designed a plan to provide universal access, funded by pre-existing revenues from tourism taxes levied in Boston.I want to thank Speaker [Robert] DeLeo for making high-quality early education a priority this legislative session. The Speakers Business Advisory Commission found that high-quality pre-kindergarten increases the likelihood a student will graduate high school by 31%. And it increases the probability a student will attend college by more than 80%. Boston is ready and able to help the Commonwealth act on this data. I offer my support and my partnership to the Legislature in forging a plan to give all children the strong start they need and deserve.We have begun building seamless education pipelines for every student, from cradle to career. The results so far are positive. High school graduation rates went up by nearly 2% last year, to a historic peak of 72.4%. But we still have years of hard work ahead, to get to where we really need to be. In that long view, a big limiting factor looms before us. Its the infrastructure. Consider: two-thirds of our school buildings were built before World War II. That means they are 80, 90, 100 years old or more. Only half of those have ever been renovated. Its been generations since a full-scale construction cycle was in place.Just as important as their condition is their design. 20th-century buildings dont have the spaces or systems to support 21st-century learning. Too many of our schools look like the old St. Margarets grammar school I went to. The sisters did a great job. But the desks were all in rows facing a chalkboard. And the technology sat in the A/V room down the hall. That wont cut it today.Todays model classrooms are active, student-centered, accessible spaces, connected to worlds of knowledge far beyond their walls. They look like the innovative colleges and workplaces we want our students to be ready for. Boston is a global hub for technology and innovation. Our classrooms must prepare students to thrive in that world.Thats why Im proud to say that over the next 10 years, we will invest $1 billion in the facilities of the Boston Public Schools. Today we release the report that guides that investment. Its called BuildBPS.BuildBPS took a deeper dive than ever before into the facilities where our 56,000 students learn. We found that our current buildings can house about 69,000 studentsif we do nothing to update their space or curriculum. But if we provided every student with the full range of resources we envisionlike libraries, art rooms, STEM labs, and gymscurrent capacity would be just under 56,000. If anything, we need more space. The challenge is not a history of declining enrollment. Its a history of neglect.Thats why BuildBPS will more than double our typical capital allocation for schools. We are able to do this for two reasons. First, our perfect bond ratings unlock unprecedented access to capital. Second, we have forged the Citys first strong working relationship with the Massachusetts School Building Authority.The MSBA is the agency set up by the Commonwealth to help fund public school capital projects. Boston is the leading source of the sales taxes that fund the MSBA. $1 billion generated in our city has funded new schools in the suburbs and across the state since 2004. But despite being the biggest funder, and despite having the states biggest school district, Boston never drew in a significant way on MSBA funding.Starting in 2014, we changed that. We focused on Bostons next flagship school, the Dearborn 6-12 STEM Academy in Roxbury. This is a project the local community wanted for years. We moved it forward by allocating $36 million in City funds and securing a matching amount from the MSBA. And we made the community a partner in the process. We agreed the Dearborn should keep its identity and its students, as it expanded from a 6-8 middle school to a 6-12 high school. We overcame bureaucratic obstacles by standing strong together in our vision. As a result, the Dearborn STEM Academy will complete construction this year and open for students in 2018. It proves we can get beyond the status quo, because better schools are worth fighting for.We also restarted projects with the Boston Arts Academy and the Quincy Upper School, along with $23 million in repairs and updates citywide. In total, the $61 million we have tapped since 2014 is more than the entire amount the City received from the MSBA in the 10 years prior to that. In the next 10 years, BuildBPS will combine $730 million in City bond proceeds with a target of at least $270 million in matching funds from the MSBA. I look forward to working with the City Council to get the ball rolling with a new capital budget this spring.The foundations of every investment decision will be the educational vision of Dr. Tommy Chang and the Boston Public Schools the planning principles outlined in BuildBPS ongoing community input and rigorous data. But as these projects begin to unlock new learning spaces, we want BPS to be free to do what it does best, which is educate students. So we will move construction responsibilities into a new schools unit in the City of Bostons Public Facilities department. This unit will be dedicated to building, renovating, and upgrading schools. It will consolidate resources and expertise that are currently fragmented. And it will provide a single point of contact for private and public partners. This focus will allow us to finally put schools on a regular investment cycle, so they will never be neglected again.BuildBPS is going to transform the process of school building in Boston. Its also going to improve the politics. Decisions on which projects to prioritize will never be easy. But the scale of our investment allows us to move forward together as a district.Just as important, weve made transparent engagement and dialogue central to the process. Todays report reflects over a year of community surveys and site visits. Now well embark on a new chapter of engagement: to hear what every community envisions for their schools, neighborhoods, and the District as a whole. In addition to releasing the BuildBPS report, today were launching a first-of-its-kind online digital tool, the BuildBPS Data Dashboard. This tool allows students, parents, teachers, and administrators to understand the data on their schools and use it to help decide what comes next.Through the spring and fall, well hold community workshops to develop and prioritize the first round of capital investments. As that first round of projects moves forward, the BuildBPS report will be updated. Its a living document that will reflect the knowledge and innovation in the community.Across the district, teachers, parents, and principals are already taking creative steps to modernize our schools. Two weeks ago I visited the Hernandez K-to-8 school in Roxbury. Parents and students are raising funds to transform their schoolyard into the kind of innovative outdoor learning space that should surround every single school. Im happy to announce that in our FY2018 budget, we will allocate the funds needed to complete that project.Im inspired by the vision and initiative in our schools. We owe it to them to match their spirit and provide the resources they need so they can focus on teaching and learning. So as the long-term BuildBPS plan develops, we will help every school with projects they need right now. This year, we will launch a $13 million 21st-Century Schools Fund. Every school will have the opportunity to receive funding for new technology, new furniture, or whatever they need to modernize their learning spaces.One of the planning principles of BuildBPS is to create flexible space that will allow our district to meet new potentials as our city and our world evolve. But to truly make our schools part of that evolution will require permanent, deep connections with the world beyond school walls. We need every university, hospital, business, and cultural institution in our city to be extensions of our classroomswelcoming, inspiring, and training our students to participate fully in our citys success.To make that vision a reality, weve put a premium on building partnerships. We created InvestBPS, an adopt-a-school program with an easy-to-use online portal. We secured new corporate partners like General Electric and Lego Education. Weve expanded partnerships with philanthropies like EdVestors and the Eos Foundation. And weve grown our Summer Jobs program to get young people experience in Bostons workplaces. By the way, its time for my annual appeal. If you are not part of the Summer Jobs Program already, email my team at summerjobs@boston.gov. We cant do this without your help.Moving forward, as we build new learning spaces, we want to strengthen our ability to build new partnerships. So weve created a new post: managing director and senior advisor of external affairs. Weve appointed former BPS Chief of Staff Dr. Makeeba McCreary. Makeeba has played a key role implementing BPS priorities, as well as taking the lead in public/private collaborations. Thats the right combination of experience. School partnerships today have to be about both maximizing funding sources and modernizing curriculum.Frankly, I hope everyone in our employer community is thinking along the same lines. Good public education doesnt just help students. By producing a better prepared workforce, it helps employers and strengthens our economy. So I want to appeal directly to the organizations represented here today: look into partnering with a school. It doesnt take a massive investment. For as little as $2,500, you could provide Child Savings Accounts to an entire kindergarten class.Thats just one example. We welcome employers to play from your strengths and use your imagination. You will not only improve student outcomes. You could help advance the skills needed in your workplace and industry. So check out InvestBPS.org. Better yet, talk to Makeeba today. Lets move forward together as a city whose highest priority is meeting the needs of its young people.I want to close by reminding us what some of those needs look like.Since the White House issued its executive orders on immigration, weve rallied to safeguard the rights and security of all our residents. Ive talked about the astounding impact of immigrants on our economy, from two-thirds of our life scientists to $4.3 billion in consumer spending. Tech executives have already told me they are looking more closely at Canada for their next expansion.But Ive been thinking especially about the children and teens in our schools. Some have approached me personally to express their fear and anxiety. Remember: 30% of BPS students are still learning English as their second language. And 48% have a parent at home who is foreign born.This is nothing new. I was one of those kids. So was Superintendent Dr. Tommy Chang Chief of Economic Development John Barros Director of Workforce Development Trinh Nguyen Commissioner of Veterans Services Giselle Sterling and others in my administration and in this room. We went home after school to bilingual immigrant households.Our students today, better than anyone, reflect the extraordinary strength this immigrant experience adds to America. Last year at our annual BPS Valedictorians Luncheon, I sat next to Bilal Lafta of Boston Community Leadership Academy. In his speech, he recalled fleeing Iraq as a child and living for months in a refugee camp. And he reflected on the opportunities he got in the Boston Public Schools and the Boston Public Libraries. He said Its my family, my teachers, and my community that has given me this freedom  the privilege of living in a safe community that values our education. And he urged all of us to look for ways to give back to that community. Now hes studying biomedical engineering at Brown University.There are many more stories like Bilals. And our students face many other challenges, from poverty and trauma to discrimination and disabilities. Some call these challenges the extra burdens of urban education. I call these students our most precious resource. They give us the privilege of living in a city thats constantly renewed by resilient young people from all over the world and each one of our neighborhoods.Their diversity truly is our people-driven strength. Their talent  if we can unlock it through mobility  is our future. They are why we are investing $1 Billion in our schools, and moving toward universal pre-K. And they are the reason I have no doubt that no matter what challenges come before us, Boston will continue to thrive and continue to lead the nation and the world forward.Thank you. God Bless the City of Boston. God Bless the United States of America.
As part of the Imagine Boston 2030 initiative, Mayor Martin J. Walsh recently published a recommended reading list designed to offer residents a chance to learn more about the history and background of the City and its neighborhoods, as well as to spark conversations about the opportunities and challenges ahead. The hope of this reading list is to inform the conversations around Bostons master plan that will shape the future of our City.We are delighted that one of the recommended books is Villa Victoria: The Transformation of Social Capital in a Boston Barrio, by Mario Luis Small.Written in 2004, Villa Victoria serves as a local case study to examine how poverty affects social capitalthe network of relationships among people who live in a particular areaand whether living in poorer neighborhoods results in negative effects. Through the sociological study of our neighborhood, Small sets out to show that, despite what other researchers argue, poor urban neighborhoods are not necessarily deprived of social capital. At Villa Victoria, our community of low-income residents is stronger than ever and continues to be active and engaged in the affairs of their neighborhood and the City. IBAs award-winning arts and youth development programs have been instrumental in helping residents achieve success and in building their social capital. Our top priority at IBA is to create an environment in which residents dont just live, but thrive together.Imagine Boston 2030 brings together stakeholders and residents to determine the priorities that will guide the City in the future. The goal is to develop a vision for the physical and economic development of Boston that ensures equitable access to innovation, education, health, and arts and culture and through these efforts increase the social capital and the quality of life for all Bostons residents.We are proud that Villa Victoria has been recognized as such an important part of our Citys history, to serve as a catalyst for conversation about the future of Boston.Vanessa Calderon-Rosado is Executive Director ofInquilinos Boricuas en Accin.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the first-ever Food Truck Advisory Committee. Working closely with the Mayor's Office of Economic Development, the Committee consists of industry stakeholders who will provide recommendations on areas of food truck policy, as well as engage relevant City agencies on the current food truck permitting process.""Supporting small businesses and entrepreneurs is a priority of my administration, and I am eager to engage and receive valuable feedback to support our food truck industry,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Micro restaurants and retail establishments are crucial employers and revenue generators in Boston's small business economy, and I look forward to an improved program that will enhance neighborhood vibrancy and promote economic inclusion.""Below is a full list of committee members:The Committee will advise on food truck policy areas including but not limited to, the annual site selection lottery, food truck sites throughout the city, and the truck permitting process. In advance of the annual site selection lottery this spring, the Committee will first focus on lottery and application process improvements that can be implemented immediately.Released last year, the City of Boston'sSmall Business Planidentified the needs of Boston's small business economy and provided a roadmap to streamline small business services and address challenges. In Boston, the micro restaurant and retail segment represents nearly ten percent of the city's small businesses.About the Mayor's Office of Economic DevelopmentThe Economic Development Cabinet's mission is to make Boston an appealing and accessible place for working families, entrepreneurs, businesses, and investors to innovate, grow, and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for all Bostonians and the experience for all visitors. Learn more ontheir website."
"The Boston Transportation Department today released data from its 2016 bike count program. In late September, BTD counted an average of nearly 30,000 bike trips per day at over 60 locations across the City. In some locations, bike traffic accounted for more than 15% of vehicles during peak commute times.""Bicycling is a healthy and low-cost form of transportation and we are pleased that so many people are choosing bikes to get around the City, said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. We are working to make bicycling more convenient, comfortable, and accessible to people throughout Boston, and these counts will help us to track our progress and plan for future enhancements to our bicycling programs.""Of the 60 sites counted in September, the following saw the highest average numbers of people riding bikes each day:BTD uses multiple data sources to measure the growth of bicycling in the City, including: commuting surveys, daily Hubway bike share use, and the annual bike count program. In the past, its annual bike counts were conducted by volunteers at up to 31 locations during 2 hours of AM and PM peak commute times. In 2016, a fully automated count system was introduced at 24 locations in June. In September, the full program was implemented at 60 locations across the City for up to 72 hours at each location.""Automated counts allow us to capture bike trips taken throughout the day and in all kinds of weather,"" noted Stefanie Seskin, BTD's Active Transportation Director. ""This better reflects where people are riding today and will help us to understand where they'll ride in the future.""More information about the 2016 count program, including daily summaries from every count location, can be found at boston.gov/2016-bike-counts."
Several months ago, we announced that the City of Bostons Open Data to Open Knowledge project would be moving to a new open data platform. After some extensive work, were happy to announce a broader release of a preview (beta) version of the website. This new platform, called Analyze Boston, will be accessible at data.boston.gov. We know there is still much to do with our content and functionality. But, we wanted to release this preview to spark conversationand get feedback before the site is officially released in Spring 2017.After you visit data.boston.gov, you may notice five key differences between the Citys current open data portal and this beta platform. These differences are highlighted below to kick-start this blog post:With this beta release weve hit an important milestone, but we know there is still much to do. As we work toward a full launch in Spring 2017, we will continue to curate and publish high-quality datasets. During this interim period, thenew platform will live alongside the Citys current data portal. We will maintain both sites until Summer 2017to allow you to familiarize yourself with this new platform. At that time, we'll take the current data portal offline. So, if you have some time, take a look around and let us know the good, the bad, and even the ugly. If you have feedback, please fill out this simpleform. You can also sign up for our mailing list to learn more about our work.
The Boston Transportation Department and the Mayors Office of Neighborhood Services are hosting a public meeting on Tuesday, February 28, to discuss the Rutherford Avenue/Sullivan Square Design Project. The meeting will take place from 6:30  8:30 p.m. at the Knights of Columbus Hall located at #545 Medford Street in Charlestown.A project update offering design and transportation alternatives will be presented at the meeting. Residents and others are encouraged to attend and offer their input to help shape the future of Rutherford Avenue and Sullivan Square. The goals of the project include:More information may be found on the project website at www.boston.gov/departments/transportation. Members of the Charlestown community who have questions or comments on the project should contact Boston Transportation Department Commissioner James Gillooly at james.gillooly@boston.gov.
Update: The deadline to apply for the Successlink lottery is now April 22
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced anopen callfor poetry submissions to be exhibited on the walls of Boston City Hall beginning in late April. Once a year, the Boston Poet Laureate selects 30 poems submitted by Boston's literary community through this open call. The deadline to apply isMarch 20, 2017.""Every year, we look forward to welcoming new poetry, written by our talented writers, to the walls of City Hall,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The pieces show great insight into a city that prides itself on diversity, hard work and education, and the poets are a prime example of the talent and energy that exist today in our neighborhoods.""Boston is known for its rich literary history and is also home to many talented contemporary writers whose work is enjoyed locally, nationally and internationally. In honor of the city's diverse and creative community, the chosen poems are printed and publicly displayed on the walls of Boston City Hall for 12 months. The goal of the Mayor's Poetry Program is to honor the great literary tradition that is vibrant in our city.""We are pleased to release our annual call for poetry as part of the Mayor's Poetry Program,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""This is a wonderful opportunity afforded to poets around Boston each year and I look forward to reading the work of the talented poets selected.""""This year, we welcome poems on the themes of the City of Boston itself, our various neighborhoods, and, in particular, poems that explore the design and architecture of Boston City Hall and City Hall Plaza. Our program coincides with a series of new works, performances and events calledHeroic Encounters: Artists Respond to City Hall,"" said Danielle Legros Georges, Boston Poet Laureate. ""We're excited about the conversations these poems will spark.""Please clickherefor the application form. The deadline for submissions isMarch 20, 2017. The exhibition will begin in late April and is free and open to the public.The City of Boston's Poet Laureate is tasked with raising the status of poetry in the everyday consciousness of Bostonians, acting as an advocate for poetry, language and the arts, and creating a unique artistic legacy through public readings and civic events.Danielle Legros Georges is a professor in the Creative Arts and Learning Division of Lesley University. Her areas of academic interest include arts and education, contemporary American poetry, African-American poetry, Caribbean literature and studies, and literary translation. A writer and poet, Legros Georges has been widely recognized for her work, with recent literary awards including a 2015 Brother Thomas Fellowship, a 2014 Massachusetts Cultural Council Artist Fellowship in Poetry, a 2013 Black Metropolis Research Consortium Fellowship/Andrew W. Mellon Grant, and a 2012 Massachusetts Cultural Council Finalist in Poetry Grant. Legros Georges was born in Haiti and grew up in Boston's Haitian community of Mattapan. She received a BA from Emerson College in Boston and an MFA in poetry from New York University.She is the author of two poetry collections:The Dear Remote Nearness of You(Barrow Street Press, 2016), winner of the New England Poetry Club's 2016 Sheila Margaret Motton Book Prize, andMaroon(Curbstone Books, 2001).The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include implementing the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester.For more information go to:www.boston.gov/departments/arts-and-culture."
"Boston Public Librarys Kirstein Business Library and Innovation Center announces its collaborative workshop series with the American Repertory Theater (A.R.T.) in conjunction with itsAll the Citys a Stageinitiative. All workshops take place at 6 p.m. in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square:Led by Grace Geller, A.R.T. Assistant Director of Marketing and CommunicationsDigital advertising and marketing allow companies to easily evaluate the success of different tactics and offer a more flexible approach to marketing in todays world. However, many smaller budget companies often do not have the financial ability to invest in hiring an outside firm to implement an elaborate digital strategy. This session focuses on some of the ways smaller budget companies can benefit from the increasingly digital marketplace and begin to internalize digital advertising.Led by Mark Lunsford, A.R.T. Line Producer & Ari Barbanell, former A.R.T. Director of Special Projects and Associate Producer at OBERONThe presenters discuss the process and challenges of producing at a nonprofit theater and the opportunities for producing plays in Boston.Led by Joel Zayac, A.R.T. Senior Graphic Designer & Robert Duffley, A.R.T. Publications and Artistic Programs AssociateHow do arts organizations develop a distinctive visual identity? How do you tell potential audiences what to expect at your show without giving away the ending? Drawing from a range of historical and contemporary examples, this seminar offers a number of different strategies for performing arts brand formation. Participants will learn what goes into creating a strong graphic identity representative of an artistic mission.Led by Erika Bailey, A.R.T. Institute Head of Voice and SpeechThis workshop offers tips and tutorials for effective public speaking.Led by Megan Hinckley, A.R.T. Director of DevelopmentDiscuss the process of fundraising for nonprofit theater organizations.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.The American Repertory Theater(A.R.T.) is one of the country's most celebrated resident theaters and the winner of numerous awards including multiple Tony Awards, the Pulitzer Prize and regional Elliot Norton and I.R.N.E. Awards, and named one of the top three regional theaters in the country byTimemagazine. Under the leadership of Artistic Director Diane Paulus the A.R.T. programs its season to fulfill the theater's mission to ""expand the boundaries of theater,"" broadening its focus to include the audience's total experience and providing them with a sense of ownership in the theatrical event. The A.R.T.s club theater OBERON, which Paulus calls a second stage for the 21st century, is an example of one initiative that has not only become an incubator for local artists but also has attracted national attention as a groundbreaking model for programming. Through all of its work, the A.R.T. is committed to building a community of artists, designers, technicians, administrators and audience. Critics and audiences have embraced the immersive environments that have become hallmarks of A.R.T. productions."
Each morning, we wake up hoping to have a safe and productive day. There are many inventions that help us accomplish that goal. Driving into work each morning, traffic lights keep us and other drivers safe on the roads. We may take the elevator up to our floor to begin our day of contributing to the City of Boston workforce. Walking into our offices, we turn on the lights, start our computers, and begin our work.Many of us have never stopped to think about the inventors whos innovation, intelligence, and drive led to these important everyday items. Black inventors are responsible for all of these valuable inventions:Born in Kentucky in 1877, Morgan is the inventor of something many rely on each day:the traffic signal. He created this after witnessing so many accidents on busy urban intersections. In addition to this, he created the gas mask, which grew in popularity when it was used to aid workers after an underground explosion.Known as the wealthiest colored man in the Northwest, Miles created an automatic device to open and close elevator doors. Because of his invention, we are able to enjoy this modern luxury.Born in 1848 to runaway slaves, Latimer became an inventor and engineer. In addition to his invention of one of the earliest air conditioning units, he assisted in the development of some of the worlds most important inventions, including the light bulb and the telephone.Emeagwali was born in Nigeria in 1954. Although he came of age during a brutal civil war, he earned many advanced degrees, including a Ph.D. in scientific computing. In 1989, he created the worlds fastest computer.Here at the City of Boston EAP, we are celebrating Black History Month this February. We recognize and acknowledge the value that diversity brings to our workforce, not only this month, but all throughout the year. Discussing these topics in the workplace is so important. By talkingabout diversity, we are all learning and growing, and the City of Boston is a thriving, safe place for all.Learn more about Black History Month.
In partnership with the City of Lyon, France, Mayor Martin J. Walsh last week welcomed 20 global startups in the biotech, information and cleantech fields at a reception concluding Big Booster's week-long boot camp program intended to accelerate innovation for technology startups globally. Big Booster, launched in April 2015, is the first non-profit, international accelerator program between Boston and Lyon, France, and is intended to foster a creative global entrepreneurial exchange.
"The history of the 30-year struggle for racial desegregation and educational equality in Boston cannot be adequately told without attention to Black women and mothers that vigorously advocated for their rights, values, and the education of the children in their communities during the 1950s-70s. No leader played a more significant role in Bostons struggle for educational equity than Ruth Batson.When we fight about education, were fighting for our lives. Were fighting for what that education will give us. Were fighting for a job. Were fighting to eat. Were fighting to pay our medical bills. Were fighting for a lot of things. This is a total fight with us.Ruth M.BatsonIn 1951, Batson became the first black candidate for the Boston School Committee in the twentieth century. This election would mark the beginning of an extensive political career traversing regional boundaries and educational initiatives. By the mid 1960s, as the Chairwoman of the NAACPs Education Committee, Batson was helping to spearhead a sustained campaign to desegregate Bostons public school system. In both her roles as commissioner for the Massachusetts Commission Against Discrimination and representative of the NAACP, Batsons sustained involvement spanned the organization of protests, petitions to the school board, appeals to the Boston school committee, and ultimately, the court decision that implemented busing as a method of school desegregation in the early 1970s.It is important to note though, as Jeanne Theoharis, co-editor of ""Groundwork: Local Black Freedom Movements in America"" writes, that black womens activism was neither exceptional nor episodic but rather a fundamental and sustained repudiation of the politics and economics of race in the City. Black feminist sociologist Belinda Robnets book, ""How Long? How Long?: African-American Women in the Struggle for Civil Rights,"" identifies a distinct mode engaged by African American women in the U.S. Civil Rights Movement known as bridge leadership."" As an intermediate layer of leadership tied closely to action carried out via grassroots organization around particular protest campaigns, bridge leaders fostered ties between the movement and its constituency and surrounding community, as well as mediating and linking change efforts oriented to individual identities and consciousness and those directed strategically toward institutional targets.As a bridge leader,Batsons activism and story in particular challenges modern historiographical understandings of Black female political agency against racial injustice. In her endeavor to raise a particularly Black and female consciousness to mediate change efforts, Batsontravels within a current of Black womens pivotal roles in the struggle for Black self-sovereignty against oppressive institutional forces.To learn more about Ruth Batson and other black women central to the Civil Rights movement, check out:Aja Antoineis Senior at Brandeis University majoring in African and Afro-American studies and Sociology. In 2014, she participated in the Justice Brandeis Semester program,Civil Rights and Educational Equity in the U.S., traveling and studying with students from Brandeis and Jackson State University to examine the legacies of school desegregation in Boston and Jackson, Mississippi. Her principle interests include a passion for using archival research as a tool for social change and activism, with a focus on Women in the Civil Rights Movement, education, equality and restorative justice. Aja is currently the Management Fellow at the Eli J. and Phyllis N. Segal Citizen Leadership Program at the Center for Youth and Communities."
"Mayor Martin J. Walshtonightwill celebrate the launch of Boston Saves, the City'sChildren's Savings Account(CSA) program, at the Harvard-Kent Elementary School in Charlestown. The program is designed to give families the opportunity to create a long-term savings plan for college, post-secondary education and training, for their children. The Harvard-Kent is one of five schools selected as part of a pilot phase to prepare the City for a universal rollout in Fall 2019.""Children's Savings Accounts are building blocks of opportunity and are important savings tools,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am excited to join with students, parents, school leaders and community partners to celebrate our collective investment in our students' future. Even a small amount over time can make a big difference, and there is no better time than now to begin saving for the future.""At the event, parents and students are invited to access their CSA through an online platform created in partnership with InvestCloud. The platform allows families to link any savings, checking or 529 account to a secure online platform that makes it easy to save, earn rewards, track progress and gain financial tips.""We jumped at the opportunity to provide our financial technology tools to power this outstanding new program by Mayor Walsh and the City of Boston,"" said John Wise, CEO of InvestCloud, Inc. ""Boston families deserve a savings plan that helps them easily and efficiently plan for the future. InvestCloud software will allow parents access to their children's accounts anytime, on a platform that's simple and easy to use. We think that this program will be a game-changer for the city's families, and we're thrilled to be on board.""To date, four of the five schools included in the pilot program have launched CSAs, including: the Harvard-Kent Elementary School in Charlestown, the James Otis Elementary School in East Boston, the Franklin D. Roosevelt K-8 in Hyde Park and Conley Elementary School in Roslindale. The McKay K-8 School in East Boston is scheduled to launch the program in early March 2017.""The Harvard-Kent School community is very excited for this opportunity to teach our Kindergarten students how to save money for college,"" said Harvard-Kent School Principal Jason Gallagher. ""Financial literacy is an important skill to learn, especially at a young age, and we are thrilled to teach this concept to our students through the Children's Savings Account program.""The program, run by the Mayor's Office of Financial Empowerment (OFE), has three goals:Possessing a Children's Savings Account can positively impact children's and families' mindsets towards post-secondary education and training. Research and practice across the country strongly suggest that CSAs are an effective tool in impacting higher education outcomes: families with CSAs are more likely to see college as a goal for their children, and low-income children with $500 or less in a savings account, dedicated to higher education, have been shown to be three times more likely to enroll and four times more likely to graduate from college.All kindergarten (K2) students at the selected pilot schools will have an initial seed deposit of $50 set aside for them. Families will be able to save for post-secondary education and training, and will have opportunities to earn incentives along the way.The pilot program is supported by various private foundations, including the Eos Foundation, a private philanthropic foundation committed to breaking the cycle of poverty by investing in children's future. Programmatic support is provided by Metro Credit Union, the Boston Educational Development Foundation, and ReadBoston, with financial literacy support from OFE and Santander Bank.Building on OFE's mission to build, grow and reinforce a holistic financial inclusion strategy for the City of Boston, OFE has been awarded a two year grant from the National League of Cities' ""Cities Building Systems to Promote Financial Inclusion"" to support the CSA program. Boston was one of eight cities chosen to participate in a Mayor's Institute on Financial Inclusion in April 2016 to receive in-depth technical assistance. The participating cities were invited to apply for up to two rounds of funds from a grant pool of $15,000-$50,000 based on the proposed project and budget.Learn more about the Boston Saves program."
The Boston Election Department conducts the Annual Resident Census, as mandated by state law. We use the census to record people 17 and older who live in the City of Boston. It also helps us maintain an accurate voter list, and keeps your voter status active.Through the census, were able to give people access to a jury of their peers. We also use the information we collect to figure out how best to use the Citys resources.You can respond to the annual census by mail, in person, over the phone, or online. For more information, or complete the census online, visit the Annual Census website.
"Building on his commitment to create more affordable housing in the City of Boston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced nearly $22 million in funding for ten affordable housing developments in neighborhoods across Boston. This funding will help preserve or produce 602 housing units, 77 units of which are reserved for homeless or extremely low-income households in Boston. Today's announcement contributes to the goal of creating 6,500 new units of affordable housing outlined inHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030,Mayor Walsh's housing plan, and supportsBoston's Way Home, the administration's plan to end chronic homelessness by 2018.""Preserving Boston's affordability is key to ensuring everyone who wants to live here can afford to do so, and I'm particularly pleased this funding will both preserve and add to our existing affordable housing stock,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This will help us continue to build a pipeline of affordable housing, and put us one step closer towards reaching the ambitious goals laid out in our housing plan. I want to thank the Neighborhood Housing Trust for making these funds available and supporting these worthy developments. Working together with our partners, I am proud we are building a better Boston.""The funding is made possible through more than $13 million of federal and local resources awarded by the Department of Neighborhood Development (DND), and more than $8 million of linkage funds, awarded through Boston's Neighborhood Housing Trust. With the awarding of these funds, the Walsh Administration has now committed nearly $100 million in affordable housing funding since Mayor Walsh took office. In total, the Walsh Administration has helpedcreate or preserve more than 3,000 units of affordable housing, which includes nearly 500 units of housing for the homeless.The following is a complete list of the developments that have received funding awards:DorchesterHearth at Four CornersIn response to an RFP for City-owned land, Hearth Inc. was designated by the Public Facilities Commission to create 54 units of elderly housing affordable to a range of incomes. The development includes 16 units that will be set aside for extremely low income elders. Wilshire ApartmentsUrban Edge plans to rehabilitate and refinance an existing 29-unit, Section 8 project. The site was troubled, with a history of foreclosure and disrepair. Urban Edge plans to rehabilitate and refinance the development, preserving the existing Section 8 contract, which is scheduled to expire in 2019. Indigo BlockBoston Capital, Escazu Development & Dorchester Bay EDC were designated to develop the City-owned site known as 65 East Cottage. The development team will create a mixed-used development, to include 89 units of housing: 80 units of low-, moderate-, and middle-income rental housing 9 market-rate ownership units and a light industrial commercial building.Four Corners PlazaCodman Square NDC is proposing to create a 31-unit development along with 9,920 square feet of commercial space. The project would be developed on two City of Boston parcels. Jamaica PlainJacksonSquare Building MJamaica Plain NDC is proposing to create a 44 unit affordable rental development. Building M is the fourth project to be built under the Jackson Square Master Plan.250 Centre Street - Building NThe Community Builders will create a 112-unit mixed-income rental development along with 2,140 square feet of retail space. Building N will be the fifth project to be constructed under the Jackson Square Master Plan.MattapanOlmsted Green Phase IVLena New Boston is proposing to create a 47-unit mixed income rental development on the former Mattapan State Hospital site. Roxbury:Michael Haynes ArmsCruz Development proposes to combine five city-owned parcels and two privately owned parcels to create a 51-unit mixed-use development. Cruz Construction and Management will use the commercial space as their new headquarters. Downtown48 Boylston Street-Phase IISt. Francis House and the Planning Office for Urban Affairs will create a 93 unit mixed-income development on Boylston Street in downtown Boston. The FenwayBurbank GardensFenway CDC is proposing to acquire and rehabilitate a 52-unit expiring use development on Burbank Street in the Fenway. The proposed development will protect the existing tenants from displacement and preserve the long-term affordability of this mixed income development.To help choose appropriate developments for funding, the City of Boston has established funding priorities, based on the goals outlined in Housing A Changing City: Boston 2030. Proposals submitted are expected to fall under at least one of the priority criteria:"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh in partnership with The Boston Foundation has announced the selection of 10 local organizations that will receive the first round of mini grant funding totaling $50,000 that is being awarded through the My Brother's Keeper (MBK) Boston mini grant program,which launched last August.The program is designed to support local organizations and entities working to help maximize MBK's impact in improving outcomes for young people of color.""In Boston, we are proud of our national leadership in adopting My Brother's Keeper as a guide to how we work to increase opportunities in our neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""An important part of our success is through partnerships with local organizations who work with our community every day to empower our young people to reach his or her potential. I thank The Boston Foundation for their collaboration on this effort, and congratulate all recipients on being recognized for their great work in expanding opportunities for young men of color.""The following organizations were selected to receive awards ranging from $500-$7,000:""We are proud to partner withMayor Walsh in the My Brother's Keeper Initiative,"" said Boston Foundation Vice President for Program Orlando Watkins. ""It is important at this time to reflect on the long and ongoing journey to justice and during Black History month we recognize the incredible legacy of black and brown men who led that fight. My Brothers Keeper continues this legacy by supporting the next generation of young boys and men in our communities.""The goal of the program is to support mentorship, creative discussions and activities by nonprofits and organizations who will direct their efforts toward helping young people of color reach these milestones:Staying on track, while taking advantage of second chances they receive through valuable experiences.Since being launched in Boston nearly two years ago, MBK Boston has already achieved significant success in areas, such as:Mayor Martin J. Walsh launched MBK Boston in September 2014, accepting President Barack Obama's MBK Community Challenge as part of theWhite House My Brother's Keeper (MBK) initiativeto create positive pathways for youth, especially boys and young men of color. Over the past two years, Mayor Walsh established the MBK Boston Advisory Committee which led engagement within the community and developed a set of guiding recommendations to support milestones across education, employment, public safety and second chances. To learn more about MBK Boston or to get involved, visitboston.gov/mbk."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Public Schools (BPS)Superintendent Tommy Changtoday announced the promotion of Dr. Makeeba McCreary to the role of managing director and senior advisor of external affairs for BPS. In her new capacity, Dr. McCreary will focus on expanding BPS' public/private partnerships and philanthropic community relations, and oversee special projects and corporate relations. Dr. McCreary previously served as Chief of Staff for BPS Superintendent Tommy Chang.""Makeeba knows the priorities of BPS, and knows how to follow through and improve the lives of our students,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Makeeba has already shown her leadership and strategic thinking in advancing BPS through multiple public/private partnerships, and I congratulate her on this well-deserved step forward.""In 2016,General Electric partnered with BPSto bring $25 million to Boston public school students, advancing STEM education throughout the district. In 2015, BPS and the City of Boston launched Invest BPS, an ""Adopt a School"" program linking business investment to individual schools. In addition, BPS created anInvest BPS portal, highlighting school-business partnerships and recruiting additional business partners. Dr. McCreary's new role will focus on partnerships like these, which leverage public/private cooperation into more opportunities for students, as well as increased engagement in Boston for corporations.In addition, for the first time in BPS's history, there will be a senior liaison to the philanthropic community. As managing director and senior advisor of external affairs, Dr. McCreary will focus on continuing relationships with Boston's large philanthropic community, and strategically explore funding opportunities for BPS with philanthropic organizations.""Makeeba's work at Boston Public Schools has been exemplary, and I'm looking forward to the increased opportunities she will bring to BPS,"" said Superintendent Chang. ""I am thrilled that she will be able to focus on this critical work for BPS and, I will continue to work closely with Makeeba in her new role.""As Dr. McCreary takes on this new role, Rob Consalvo will take on the role of BPS Chief of Staff. Previously, Consalvo was Deputy Director of the Boston Home Center, part of the Department of Neighborhood Development.Prior to joining BPS in 2015, Dr. McCreary served as founder and executive director of AbekaM Consulting, a nonprofit program designed to execute grant management for clients targeting large-scale change for urban youth and families. Examples of clients included Nike, Darden Restaurants, adidas, The Boston Foundation, Jordan Brand Inc. and United Negro College Fund. Dr. McCreary's previous roles also include Educational Policy Consultant at Compass Consulting, Director of Philanthropic Services at EdVestors and Director of Development at the Epiphany School in Dorchester.Dr. McCreary earned a Doctor of Education at Columbia University, a Master's in Education at the Harvard Graduate School of Education and a Bachelor of Arts in Psychology at UMass Boston. Dr. McCreary lives in Jamaica Plain with her son, Gary."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the selection of 173 Boston organizations and projects that will receive 2017 Boston Cultural Council organizational grants, totaling $462,250.Organizations applied for the funding through acompetitive process, and projects were selected based on their potential to enhance the quality of life, the economy and the design of the City of Boston, in addition to advancing the goals of theBoston CreatesCultural Plan.""The Boston Cultural Council organizational grants continue to support innovative arts and culture programming, and help keep the arts flourishing in Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These grants allow for a diverse group of organizations and projects to pursue their creative ideas, and I congratulate each recipient on their achievement. Any time we are able to support hardworking local artists and innovative institutions, we are building a stronger and more dynamic arts ecosystem in Boston.""The funding is provided by both the City of Boston, which contributed $300,000 and the Massachusetts Cultural Council, which allocated $179,000 to the Boston Cultural Council. The selected projects represent an array of disciplines, including visual arts, theater, film, music, dance, and the humanities.Two hundred and eight applications were received for this year's grant program. Applicants were required to show how they plan to help grow access to the arts in areas not already well served by cultural opportunities, foster access to the arts for populations who don't typically have access to the arts, elevate the work of Boston's creatives, inspire the creation of new works, and support the achievement and provision of excellent, high quality arts and culture in the City of Boston. Grants this year were made in two categories based on budget size: general operating support for those under $1 million annual budget, and project specific grants for organizations with budgets over $1 million annually.""Boston is home to many organizations that are essential for our cultural ecosystem to thrive,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""The Boston Cultural Council organizational grants support organizations and projects of varying sizes, making arts more equitable and accessible for all.""The Boston Cultural Council is housed within the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture and receives annual funding from the state-run MCC to support the arts, humanities and innovative science programs that enhance the quality of life in the City of Boston.Last month, Mayor Walsh received the2017 Public Leadership in the Arts Award, presented by Americans for the Arts (AFTA), the nation's leading nonprofit organization for advancing the arts and arts education, and the United States Conference of Mayors, for his work in ensuring the arts are a top priority for the city. These efforts include increasing the budget of the Boston Cultural Council, creating a Cabinet-level position for arts and culture and launching Boston AIR, an artist-in-residence program within City government. In 2015, Mayor Walsh launchedBoston Creates. The resulting cultural plan is the product of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long term.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information,click here.The Boston Cultural Council, under the umbrella of the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, annually distributes funds allocated by the Massachusetts Cultural Council, a state agency, to support innovative arts, humanities and interpretive sciences programming that enhances the quality of life in our city. The BCC is comprised of 15 Boston residents appointed by Mayor Martin J. Walsh to serve for up to six years each. The BCC annually reviews applications during a series of fall meetings conducted to evaluate the overall quality of proposed programming and its potential benefit to diverse audience in neighborhoods throughout Boston."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the selection of 173 Boston organizations and projects that will receive 2017 Boston Cultural Council organizational grants, totaling $462,250.Organizations applied for the funding through acompetitive process, and projects were selected based on their potential to enhance the quality of life, the economy and the design of the City of Boston, in addition to advancing the goals of theBoston CreatesCultural Plan.""The Boston Cultural Council organizational grants continue to support innovative arts and culture programming, and help keep the arts flourishing in Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These grants allow for a diverse group of organizations and projects to pursue their creative ideas, and I congratulate each recipient on their achievement. Any time we are able to support hardworking local artists and innovative institutions, we are building a stronger and more dynamic arts ecosystem in Boston.""The funding is provided by both the City of Boston, which contributed $300,000 and the Massachusetts Cultural Council, which allocated $179,000 to the Boston Cultural Council.The selected projects represent an array of disciplines, including visual arts, theater, film, music, dance, and the humanities.Two hundred and eight applications were received for this year's grant program. Applicants were required to show how they plan to help grow access to the arts in areas not already well served by cultural opportunities, foster access to the arts for populations who don't typically have access to the arts, elevate the work of Boston's creatives, inspire the creation of new works, and support the achievement and provision of excellent, high quality arts and culture in the City of Boston. Grants this year were made in two categories based on budget size: general operating support for those under $1 million annual budget, and project specific grants for organizations with budgets over $1 million annually.""Boston is home to many organizations that are essential for our cultural ecosystem to thrive,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""The Boston Cultural Council organizational grants support organizations and projects of varying sizes, making arts more equitable and accessible for all.""The Boston Cultural Council is housed within the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture and receives annual funding from the state-run MCC to support the arts, humanities and innovative science programs that enhance the quality of life in the City of Boston.Last month, Mayor Walsh received the2017 Public Leadership in the Arts Award, presented by Americans for the Arts (AFTA), the nation's leading nonprofit organization for advancing the arts and arts education, and the United States Conference of Mayors, for his work in ensuring the arts are a top priority for the city. These efforts include increasing the budget of the Boston Cultural Council, creating a Cabinet-level position for arts and culture and launching Boston AIR, an artist-in-residence program within City government. In 2015, Mayor Walsh launchedBoston Creates. The resulting cultural plan is the product of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long term.Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information,click here.Boston Cultural Council (BCC)The Boston Cultural Council, under the umbrella of the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, annually distributes funds allocated by the Massachusetts Cultural Council, a state agency, to support innovative arts, humanities and interpretive sciences programming that enhances the quality of life in our city. The BCC is comprised of 15 Boston residents appointed by Mayor Martin J. Walsh to serve for up to six years each. The BCC annually reviews applications during a series of fall meetings conducted to evaluate the overall quality of proposed programming and its potential benefit to diverse audience in neighborhoods throughout Boston."
We've learned a lot throughout the Go Boston 2030 planning process and other project-specific discussions. The people of Boston have clearly indicated their preference for low-stress bicycle routes, and for bike lanes that are physically separated from moving and parked vehicles.In 2016, the City of Boston:These projects are among the Citys first steps in creating a connected network of low-stress bicycle facilities. They give us the opportunity to test new approaches formaintenance and snow removal.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced preparations fortomorrow'swinter storm, Niko, which is anticipated to bring eight to 14 inches of snow to Boston.The National Weather Service has issued a weather storm warning, in effect from6 am to 8 pmThursday. Temps will be bitterly cold, falling to 17 by5 p.m., low of 9 later at night. High wind gusts could reach up to 40 mph in the afternoon. There will be a windchill of -7.Mayor Walsh has declared a snow emergency, beginning at10 a.m.on Thursday, February 9th. Residents can park in designated discounted garagestwo hours before the snow emergency takes effect. A full list of garages is available atboston.gov. The Boston Public Works Department (PWD) will have 600 pieces of equipment on the roads. PWD will start pretreating roads early morning before snow starts. Street cleanup crews will remove flex posts on Mass Ave. to maintain bike lanes during snow removal.""We are encouraging residents to use caution when traveling, assist the elderly and disabled, and keep up with the shoveling of their property throughout the stormtomorrow,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The City offers a number of resources geared towards keeping residents safe and aware of current conditions. I encourage everyone to sign up for emergency notifications through AlertBoston and utilize our 311 call center for non-emergency related issues.""To find out more information about resources and services available to residents, please visitboston.gov/snow.Rules on Clearing SnowSafety TipsPublic Libraries & Community CentersAll Boston Public Libraries and Boston Centers for Youth & Families Community centers will be open during normal business hours. Please check their scheduleshere.Helping the HomelessResidents are encouraged to sign-up forAlertBostonto receive emergency alerts and to call 311, download theBOS:311 app, or tweet at@BOS311with questions or concerns. Follow@CityofBostonandboston.gov/snowfor the latest updates."
The February school vacation week is fast approaching. Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) wants families to make plans today to attend one of the many programs and activities being offered at our centers. We created acomplete schedule of BCYF centers vacation week activities. A few highlights include:Several centers  including BCYF Blackstone, BCYF Charlestown, BCYF Curtis Hall, BCYF Menino, and BCYF Tobin  are offering a structured all-day vacation week program for young children featuring a wide variety of activities.BCYF is hosting several Black History Month events. BCYF Gallivan Community Center is hosting their annual Black History Basketball Tournament Thursday through Saturday of vacation week, 1 - 6:30 p.m. BCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center hosts an Art & Family Celebration tonight at 6 p.m. and there will be Black History movies and discussions at the following BCYF community centers. All are welcome:BCYF Blackstone: Friday, February 24 at 6:30 p.m.BCYF Charlestown: Thursday, February 23 at 6 p.m.BCYF Mildred: Thursday, February 23 at 6 p.m.BCYF Roslindale: Wednesday, February 22 at 5:30 p.m.BCYF Tobin: Wednesday, February 22 at 4 p.m.It may be cold out, but BCYFs 15 indoor pools are warm and offer open access swim time as well as structured aquatics programming under the watchful eyes of lifeguards. Several are offering free swim lessons all week as part of BCYFs Swim for Safety program. Find your local pool.BCYF Girls Initiative is hosting a trip to see Hidden Figures followed by a discussion, a roller skating party and a self-defense and self-esteem training. Limited slots are available for these events. A two-day self-defense workshop with Girls Leap at BCYF Condon Community Center has slots available but they're going fast. Call 617-635-5100 to register.
"Boston Public Library is offering engaging programming for children and teens during February school vacation week from February 18-24, sponsored by the Highland Street Foundation and with support from Boston Public Library Foundation donors. For a complete list of offerings at locations across the City this week, visit the Boston Public Library calendar.We are grateful to the Highland Street Foundation for their ongoing support and for ensuring we can continue to providing youth and their caregivers fun, educational, and entertaining programming this week, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library. Schedule:Join Boston Lyric Opera to learn how to bring the story of Hansel and Gretel to life through music, acting, and movement. Two professional singers, a pianist, and a teaching artist will engage audiences in this interactive introduction to opera through a one-hour retelling of the Brothers Grimm classic fairytale. Ideal for youth ages 6-12. Younger children are welcome with supervision.Saturday, February 18  11 a.m.  Central Library  Childrens LibraryTuesday, February 21  11 a.m.  Dudley BranchTuesday, February 21  2 p.m.  Egleston Square BranchWednesday, February 22  1:30 p.m.  West End Branch (pre-registration required, contact branch)Thursday, February 23  2 p.m.  Faneuil BranchFriday, February 24  2 p.m.  Adams Street BranchPlease join us for the Pineapple Project, an original play about gender, creativity, and each child's freedom to be who they are. The Pineapple Project was born during a moment of play between actor Mal Malme and her niece in which her niece said ""Boys Can't Be Princesses!"" As a gender non-conforming person and theater artist, Mal couldn't ignore this statement. This led Mal and colleagues Becca A. Lewis and ReneeFarster-Degenhardt to create a theatre piece for children ages 3-8 to broaden the gender conversation and validate each child's identity.Tuesday, February 21  10:30 a.m.  Uphams Corner BranchTuesday, February 21  2 p.m.  Brighton BranchWednesday, February 22  10:30 a.m.  Fields Corner BranchWednesday, February 22  3:30 p.m.  Honan-Allston BranchThursday, February 23  10:30 a.m.  Connolly BranchThursday, February 23  3 p.m.  Charlestown BranchFriday, February 24  10:30 a.m.  North End BranchFriday, February 24  2:30 p.m.  East Boston Branch\Join Grammy nominee Judy Pancoast for a ""Cabin Fever Reliever concert where well dance, sing, and chase away the winter blues!Tuesday, February 21  10:30 a.m.  Lower Mills BranchThursday, February 23  10:30 a.m.  Central Library  Childrens LibraryThursday, February 23  1 p.m.  South Boston BranchFriday, February 24  11 a.m.  West Roxbury BranchBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit the Boston Public Library's website."
Long a much sought-after wedding venue, this initiative offers everyone regardless of economic capacity a chance to have Boston Public Library be a part of their lives on this special occasion, and we hope to see many applicants with a strong Boston or Massachusetts connection apply, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library. I extend my thanks to our sponsors whose efforts will enhance these ceremonies and provide lasting memories for the newlyweds.Each of the selected couples will be invited to the Boston Public Librarys Central Library for a morning wedding ceremony while the building is closed to the public. Included in the package are pre-ceremony light breakfast and beverages compliments of The Catered Affair, bouquets and boutonnieres provided by Artistic Blossoms, ceremony music performed by Anima of Music Management, ceremony and mini-session photography provided by Angelina Rose Photography, commemorative takeaway gifts compliments of the Boston Public Library and The Catered Affair, and ceremonies officiated by Thomas A. Welch.Please visit www.bpl.org/ceremonygiveaway for additional rules and conditions of the giveaway, and contact the Special Events Office with any questions at 617.859.2212 or events@bpl.org with the subject line BPL Wedding Ceremony Giveaway.Boston Public Library hosts private events year-round featuring ornately-designed spaces with a variety of capacities that are ideal settings for holiday parties, corporate conferences, weddings, and more. Visit www.bpl.org/central/eventspaces.htm or email events@bpl.org for more information.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit thelibrary's website.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the 2017 program for ""Love Your Block,"" a high-impact spring cleaning program that encourages residents to improve their neighborhoods over the course of three weekends. Spring cleaning activities include community gardens, pocket parks, public schools and sidewalks. Love Your Block, previously known as Boston Shines, will now include year-round cleanups, applications for innovative beautification mini-grants and new uses for City-provided tool sheds.""When residents take pride in their neighborhoods, Boston becomes a better City for all,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I encourage residents to participate in Love Your Block, and do their part to keep our City a beautiful, friendly and welcoming place for residents and visitors alike.""Starting onFebruary 6, residents can sign up to volunteer atBoston.gov.A full cleaning schedule for 2017 Love Your Block is below:May 12-14Learn more about Love Your Block"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of a Request for Proposals (RFP) calling on artists to submit their proposals for a mural in Peters Park in the South End. The African Latino Alliance Collective, City Lights, Washington Gateway Main Street, Friends of Peters Park, and Old Dover Neighborhood Association, in coordination with the Boston Art Commission, invite Boston artists to submit conceptual designs for the Peters Park Art Wall. The deadline to submit proposals for the $10,000 project isFebruary 26, 2017 at midnight. The selected mural concept is scheduled to be delivered by the submitting artist(s) and a selection of Boston youth in May 2017.""The Peters Park RFP is designed to bring local youth together with a professional artist, creating an opportunity for creative and cultural expression,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Incorporating more public art into our neighborhoods brings vibrancy and value, and is an important part of our Boston Creates Cultural Plan. I look forward to seeing the proposals that are submitted for Peters Park.""The Peters Park Art Wall was proclaimed a legal graffiti wall in 1986 in an effort to decrease vandalism in the South End. The City, in partnership with area organizations and businesses, seeks to continue the tradition of curating and programming the Art Wall, both for the enrichment of the neighborhood as well as the preservation and celebration of this area's diverse cultural history.""The South End neighborhood has long been defined by the creative energy of our community,"" said Kristin Phelan, Board President, Washington Gateway Main Street. ""The synergy that has formed around this project between the Mayor's Office, South End organizations, artists from the original ALA Collective, residents, and creative enthusiasts is inspiring. Clearly, there is power in collaboration, and we look forward to this being the first of many projects to come.""The RFP is open to all professional artists, artisans, or teams with experience in public art, site responsive design, project management, and working with youth. The RFP was shaped by community feedback gathered last fall and the successful proposal will celebrate and preserve a history of culturally relevant art for the next wave of artists and community youth.""The Peters Park RFP is a true community partnership,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""We are looking forward to working with the community and local businesses to create a mural that will celebrate the South End's cultural history.""Today's announcement builds on Mayor Walsh's commitment to the arts in Boston. Last June, Mayor Walsh announced the release of the city's cultural plan,Boston Creates, a 10-year led initiative to align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long-term, and weave arts and culture into the fabric of everyday life. Recently, Mayor Walsh announced theselection of an artistto create public art project in Hyde Square, as well asguest curators that were selectedto exhibit their work in the City Hall galleries.To see the full RFP visit theCity's open calls and applications pageor go to the BAC'sCall to artistspage.All questions regarding the RFP should be submitted to the Boston Art Commission atBAC@boston.gov.Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading implementation of the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester.For more information go to:www.boston.gov/departments/arts-and-cultureBoston Art CommissionThe Boston Art Commission (BAC), an independent board ofarts leaderscharged with the care and custody of all artworks on City of Boston property, advocates for the creation of innovative and transformative art and promotes its accessibility to enrich the lives of Boston's diverse citizens and visitors. The Art Commission advises, supports, and consults with artists and communities, City departments, and others. It commissions, approves, and conserves the City of Boston's collection of art and historical artifacts.For more information go to:www.publicartboston.com"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the City of Boston's Licensing Board today announced that applications for ""Bring Your Own Bottle""(BYOB) permits are now available online for restaurants who meet certain eligibility requirements. Applications will be accepted beginning onMonday, February 6.Visit the Licensing Board's website for more information.""For the first time in our city's history, restaurants are allowed to take advantage of BYOB,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This measure will bring increased economic opportunity to Boston's neighborhood restaurants and help our city's economic growth overall. I would like to thank the Boston City Council and Boston Licensing Board for their work on this initiative, and look forward to the great results.""""I'm excited to see Boston officially open license applications for BYOB, creating a new way for neighborhood restaurants to thrive and more options for consumers to dine local. Thank you to Mayor Walsh and the Boston Licensing Board for working with the City Council to make this a reality for our city,"" said City Council President Michelle Wu.A restaurant who wishes to apply must meet the following eligibility requirements:Patrons dining at a restaurant that obtains a BYOB permit may only bring no more than 750ml per person of wine and 64 oz per person of malt beverages. Distilled spirits, liqueurs and cordials are not permitted.Once a BYOB application is filed with the Boston Licensing Board, a hearing will be scheduled.Download the rules and application"
In the interest of public safety, modifications to these restrictions may be madeby the Boston Police Department at any time.The following locations will be closed to traffic from approximately 9 p.m. - 1 a.m.No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday temporary parking restrictions will be in place at the following locations.BRIGHTON AREABoth sides, from Chestnut Hill Avenue to Ayr RoadBoth sides, from Commonwealth Avenue to Allston StreetCassidy Playground Area  Both sides of metered areaSutherland Road Area  Both sides of metered areaBoth sides, from Commonwealth Avenue to Cambridge StreetKENMORE SQUARE AREABoth sides, from Beacon Street to Granby StreetBoth sides, from Massachusetts Avenue to Park DriveBoth sides, from Massachusetts Avenue to Brookline Avenue (including DCR areas)Both sides, from Beacon Street (Kenmore Square) to Pilgrim RoadBoth sides, from Brookline Avenue to the Dead EndBoth sides, both roadways, from Massachusetts Avenue to the Boston University BridgeBoth sides, from Commonwealth Avenue to Bay State RoadBoth sides, from Brookline Avenue to the Dead EndBoth sides, from Commonwealth Avenue to Bay State RoadBoth sides, from Boylston Street at Hemenway Street to Boylston Street (Sunoco Gas Station)Both sides, from Boylston Street to Park DriveBoth sides, both roadways, from Kenmore/Raleigh Streets to Deerfield Street/Beacon StreetsBoth sides, from Van Ness Street to Park DriveBoth sides, from Brookline Avenue to Ipswich StreetBoth sides, from Brookline Avenue to Charles Gate WestBoth sides, from Brookline Avenue to the Dead EndLeft side, left roadway (Roberto Clemente Park side) from Aggassi Road to opposite Kilmarnock StreetBoth sides, from Bay State Road to Commonwealth AvenueBoth sides, from Commonwealth Avenue to Bay State RoadBoth sides, from Commonwealth Avenue to Bay State RoadBoth sides, from Ipswich Street to Kilmarnock StreetBoth sides, from Boylston Street to Brookline AvenueNORTHEASTERN UNIVERSITY AREABoth sides, from Melnea Cass Boulevard to Douglas ParkBoth sides, from Hemenway Street to Huntington AvenueBoth sides, from Huntington Avenue to Hemenway StreetBoth sides, from Forsyth Street to Boylston StreetBoth sides, from Saint Stephens Street to Hemenway StreetBoth sides, from Westland Avenue to Forsyth WayBoth sides, from Saint Stephens Street to Huntington AvenueBoth sides, from Hemenway Street to Massachusetts AvenueFANEUIL HALL AREABoth sides, from Hanover Street to North StreetBoth sides, from North Street to Surface RoadBoth sides, from New Chardon Street to State StreetBoth sides, from Congress Street to Surface RoadBoth sides, from Cambridge Street to Merrimac StreetBoth sides, from Surface Road to Congress StreetBoth sides, from North Street to Hanover StreetBoth sides, from Surface Road to Washington StreetNORTH STATION AREABoth sides, from New Chardon Street to Causeway StreetBoth sides, from Merrimac Street to North Washington StreetBoth sides, from New Chardon Street to Causeway StreetBoth sides, from New Chardon Street to Causeway StreetBoth sides, from Merrimac Street to Causeway StreetBoth sides, from New Chardon Street to Causeway StreetBoth sides, from Merrimac Street to North Washington Street
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Sheriff Steven W. Tompkins in launching a recovery partnership between the Suffolk County Sheriff's Department and the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services that will expand the delivery of recovery services toinmates during incarceration and create a continuum of care that will continue after their release.""This program will make our communities and homes safer,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This initiative is about giving people second chances, and a fighting chance at recovery. It's important we build strong pathways to and from the recovery community, and these pathways must extend to our prisons. I'd like to thank the Suffolk County Sheriff's Department for their important work, and for partnering with us in this recovery effort. We look forward to continuing to grow this partnership.""The Recovery Partnership includes a series of regular recovery panels at the Suffolk County House of Corrections and the Nashua Street Jail, through which service providers, experts and relevant stakeholders will offer guidance and connections to inmates prior to their release, helping to guide the inmates through the early recovery process, and allowing them to build a network of support in the neighborhoods where they live.This Recovery Partnership focuses on a key intervention point for populations with substance use disorders. Between June and December of 2016, the Suffolk County Sheriff's Department admitted 2,223 individuals who were in need of medical care for substance use disorder. The partnership will allow inmates to be trained on overdose prevention and Narcan use and to build relationships with providers who will help ensure their long-term recovery after release, including providers who offer outpatient care services, medically assisted treatment and recovery support groups.""This Recovery Partnership will mean faster, stronger, and better connections for incarcerated individuals leaving our institutions and reentering their neighborhoods,"" said Sheriff Tompkins. ""In corrections we know that what we do 'behind the wall' is impactful, but we can only do so much. We know that in order for those individuals in our care to be successful in reentering society they must develop strong, meaningful connections with people in their neighborhoods and communities.""""We're excited for this opportunity to integrate recovery services throughout the reentry continuum,"" said Jen Tracey, Director of the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services. ""Exposing people to the services offered through the Boston Public Health Commission's Bureau of Recovery Services and by other providers in our community will allow this high risk population to be exposed to recovery services prior to their release and ensure they receive support as they transition back into the community.""Incarcerated individuals are at an increased risk of overdose when they leave jail, as often the potency of street drugs has changed during their incarceration and their tolerance to those drugs has decreased. Inmates in recovery often face a unique set of challenges as they work to reenter society while working on their recovery."
Boston Public Library honors Black History Month at locations throughout the city with a plethora of lectures, music celebrations, workshops, and crafts this February. The BPL published its annualBlack Is booklist, a list of recent books concerning the African American experience compiled by staff members for all to enjoy. Categories of books include international and urban fiction, biography/memoir, expressions, and history and contemporary issues in nonfiction. Authors featured include Toni Morrison, Shonda Rimes, Whoopi Goldberg, and more. Copies of the booklist will be available at the Central Library and all branch locations this week.The BPL also honors Black History Month through a variety ofthemed programming. Highlights include:To view dates, times, and more information on these and additional programs, please visit thelibrarys calendar.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
Stephen Puleo speaks about his book American Treasures: The Secret Efforts to Save the Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the Gettysburg Address on Wednesday, February 1, at 6 p.m. in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street. Part of the Local & Family History Series.Join Boston thriller writers Hank Phillippi Ryan and Peter Swanson for Twists, Turns, and Double Crosses on Thursday, February 2, at 6 p.m. in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.Margaret Fortier gives a lecture Andiamo! Finding Your Italian Family on Wednesday, February 15, at 6 p.m. in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street. Part of the Local & Family History Series.Therese Sellers, author of Alpha Is for Anthropos: an Ancient Greek Alphabet, will read from her book and lead participants in designing and painting medallions inspired by the beautiful illustrations on Wednesday, February 22, at 2 p.m. at the South End Branch. Located at 685 Tremont Street. Especially for children - tweens, ages 8-14.Christina Baker Kline discusses Piece of the World, which explores the life of Christina Olson, a lifelong resident of Cushing, Maine, sufferer of polio, and an American icon as the subject of the Andrew Wyeth painting Christinas World on Wednesday, February 22, at 6 p.m. in Rabb Hall at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.Join bestselling authors Eloisa James, Lauren Willig, and Sarah MacLean for a romance fiction panel to discuss their works on Tuesday, February 28, at 6:30 p.m. in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.Passage at St. Augustine Screenings & Discussion: The award-winning documentary tells the story of those who fought the 18-month battle that led directly to the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The discussions will be led by filmmaker Clennon L. King and Civil Rights veteran Mimi Jones.Kids Art Club explores and responds to the contributions of artists such as the Gees Bend quilters, Faith Ringgold, and Jean Michel Basquiat on Tuesdays at 4:30 p.m. during the month of February at the Adams Street Branch, located at 690 Adams Street.Celebrate Black History Month with stories about African Americans who have made their marks on history, music, and more on Saturday, February 4, at 11 a.m. and on Saturday, February 25 at 11 a.m. in the Central Library in Copley Squares Childrens Library.A showing of the film Selma and a discussion of how the past relates to the present takes place on Thursday, February 9, at 5 p.m. at the Grove Hall Branch, located at 41 Geneva Avenue in Dorchester.Explore the BPLs print and online resources to aid in researching African American history on Wednesday, February 15, at 2 p.m. in the Community Learning Center Classroom at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.On Tuesday, February 21, at 3 p.m., Michele Brooks leads an art workshop in which participants will make MLK Jr.-inspired peace and unity collages (for ages 5-12) at the Roslindale Branch, located at 4246 Washington Street. The same workshop takes place on Wednesday, February 22, at 11 a.m. at the West Roxbury Branch, located at 1961 Centre Street.Celebrate Black History Month with Janice Allen on Tuesday, February 21, at 3:30 p.m. at the Central Library in Copley Squares Childrens Library, located at 700 Boylston Street. Janice uses her melodic voice and percussion instruments to engage the audience in stories through song.The film Men of Honor will be shown on Thursday, February 23, at 2 p.m. in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street. The film tells the story of Carl Brashear, the first African American U.S. Navy Diver, and the man who trained him. Part of the Never Too Late Series.The Living Archive: African American Poetry, a series of panel discussions by poets and writers examining a range of topics that include the importance and significance of African American literature, takes place on Thursday, February 23, at 6 p.m. in Rabb Hall at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.American storyteller and cultural lecturer Desiree Taylor gives a presentation Dreams Deferred: Stories of Hope through an African American Lens on Thursday, February 23, at 6:30 p.m. at the West Roxbury Branch, located at 1961 Centre Street.A screening of Never Give Up: Amas Journey to Freedom on the Underground Railroad, followed by a discussion, takes place on Monday, February 27, at 3 p.m. for children in grades 5-10 at the Lower Mills Branch, located at 27 Richmond Street.Children are invited to a jazzy story time on Tuesday, February 28, at 10:30 a.m. to celebrate the contributions of African American musicians to American culture at the Lower Mills Branch, located at 27 Richmond Street.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit the Boston Public Library website.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Parks Department today announced the launch ofActive Net, a new online registration system that is now available for park users to view Parks' facility details and request reservations for these facilities from a computer, tablet or smartphone.""I'm proud that we're continuing to expand the number of digital services available to our residents, offering a convenient way for them to access the services and resources available,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This new online platform will allow residents to easily request reservations for park space for athletics and special events from their computers or smartphones, and will promote equity and access to park facilities.""The Active Net online permitting system allows transparency and accessibility for all permit requests by providing applicants with real-time access, one-stop shopping, online payment options. In addition, it provides Parks Department permitting staff with accounting, data, and schedules all in one place, automatic reports, and more time to assist constituents. Users can also register for multiple programs in one transaction, making the registration and payment process faster and more convenient. In order to access the online registration portal, users are required to create an account with the system.""Access and equity are at the forefront of Mayor Walsh's Parks First agenda"", said Parks Commissioner Chris Cook. ""Online permitting ensures more opportunity for our residents, especially our youth, to access their public parks.""Today's announcement builds on Mayor Walsh's commitment to improving permitting systems across City departments and increasing residents' accessibility to resources and services. Most recently, Mayor Walsh launched anonline permitting platformto support supporting businesses, homeowners, and contractors through the entire permitting process. Other efforts include theopening ofSuccessLink, an online tool that enables Boston youth to register for summer jobs makingmoving truck permitsavailable onlinea new online permit tracking tool, and online applications for several Boston Fire Department permits and licenses.To use the new system, go to the Parks and Recreation websiteand follow the link on how to get a permit to hold an event at a park. Assistance with online applications is also available at the Parks and Recreation Department offices on the third floor of 1010 Massachusetts Avenue in Roxbury,MondaytoFridayfrom9 a.m. to 5 p.m."
 Boston Public Library honors Black History Month with its annual Black Is booklist, a list of recent books concerning the African American experience compiled by staff librarians for all to enjoy. Categories of books include graphic, historical, international, mystery, and urban fiction, and biography/memoir, expressions, and history and contemporary issues in nonfiction. Copies of the booklist will be available at all library locations this week.Boston Public Library is proud to celebrate Black History Month by providing readers with a guide to the wealth of new literature that explores important topics related to the African American experience, and I am thankful to our booklist committee for their insightful recommendations and invite everyone to pick up these works , said Boston Public Library President David Leonard.The list includes authors like Congressmen Cory Booker and John Lewis, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Marcus Samuelsson, Pat Cleveland, Phoebe Robinson, Rita Dove, and more.Previous Black Is booklists can be found online. Boston Public Library staff also celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month with an annual Latino Life Booklist, and for the first time this year, will publish a Pride Is booklist in June.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit the Boston Public Library website.
Tony was recognized with a Pulitzer Prize. A gripping, spellbinding and poignant account of a turbulent decade as seen through the eyes and the agonies of three families,Common Groundis a great place to begin to understand Bostons incredible turnaround and some of the ingredients needed to continue Bostons elusive quest to become that City on a hill, a beacon to all mankind.As a boy growing up here, Boston looked to me like a black and white movie  an aging, decaying city with a proud past, and not much future. Today, of course, Boston is the envy of urban America. Neighborhoods are thriving, crime is at historic lows, the economy is soaring, and Boston appears to have almost as many construction cranes as Shanghai. GE decided to relocate its global headquarters to Boston because of our unique innovation eco-system, Boston is now the youngest city in the nation, and civic pride has become our global brand: Boston Strong.Yes, we still have plenty of issues. The same week that GE made their big announcement, we also gained the distinction of having the worst inequality of any major city in America. We are still dealing with huge achievement gaps in our schools and wide divides based on class and race. And we are only just now beginning to comprehend our vulnerability to climate change. So we have our work cut out for us. But the story of our incredible turnaround from a city without much of a future to a city now ranked as world class, is remarkable, even breathtaking.What are some of the lessons to be taken from the gripping 659 pages ofCommon Groundand Bostons incredible turnaround and come-back from busing only forty years ago? Are any of the explanations of how Boston moved so far and so fast from the tragedy and violence of busing to where we are today relevant to thinking about where we go from here, and what we might do with Boston 2030?Let me suggest at least four lessons from our recent past that may remain relevant to thinking about our future.First,respect, tolerance and diversity matters. Busing was ugly, hateful and violent. Neighborhoods were pitted against one another and whites and blacks were literally at each others throats. A city, like any community, is all about people, and for people to find common ground they first need to listen to one another, to be civil with each other, and to show a modicum of respect for differences. Thats something were doing pretty well in Boston these days, it seems, but we have to keep at it. Bostons turnaround began when Bostonians began to make room for and listen to the voices of blacks and Latinos and women and gays and immigrants and young people and so many others who historically had been left out and left behind the cold and rigid facade of the old Boston.Second,leadership matters. I worked for Mayor Kevin White, was an ally of Ray Flynn, a partner to Tom Menino and consider myself a friend of Marty Walsh, so Im not impartial. But I think its undeniable that without Kevin Whites powerful and uplifting vision, and Ray Flynns deep engagement (especially with the peaceful integration of public housing, in such stark contrast to court-ordered school desegregation), and Tom Menino and Marty Walshs unyielding determination and tenacity, Boston would remain a backwater. When Kevin White talked of Boston as a world class city he was ridiculed and lampooned. How far and fast we have come in such a short time what a huge difference his vision and confidence and passion for our future made. We are still living the fruition of his vision and dreams for Boston.Third,talent matters. Present company excepted, Kevin White attracted some of the best and the brightest talent available anywhere to City government: people like Barney Frank and Fred Salvucci and Paul Parks and Paul Grogan and Micho Spring. They and others who have followed were not only smart and innovative, they also loved politics and civic engagement, and they helped to make Boston City government a new frontier for experimentation and new ideas.Finally:government matters. Cleaning up the dirtiest and most polluted harbor in America cost money, but it was transformational. The Big Dig was costly and complicated, but it unlocked the waterfront and helped to power our economy into overdrive. Little City Halls, Summerthing, Concerts on the Common, the new wing of the Boston Public Library, the Orange Line and the Southwest Corridor and the expansion of the Red Line into Quincy and the $4 billion modernization of Logan Airport and the emergence in UMass Boston of a major public research university on Columbia Point that is broadly representative of the City it servesall these big projects required imagination, creativity, courage, financial resources, and a belief that government can be a force for good. They are a reminder that we find our common ground not only by treating one another with respect, not only by sharing a vision for the future, not only by giving everyone a place at the table and by embracing our differences, but also by using government as an instrument of the people to advance the common good.
On Saturday, February 4, 2017 the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture will join with the Berklee College of Music to present the Boston Day of Reflection: Creating a More Caring and Just Community in Rabb Hall at the Boston Public Librarys Central Library in Copley Square. This free, all-day event includes an expert panel on campus inclusiveness, a presentation and Q&A by Lesla Newman, and a performance by noted singer/songwriter Melissa Ferrick.Boston Day of Reflection: Creating a More Caring and Just Community will begin at 9:30 a.m. on Saturday, February 4, 2017 at the Central Library. Refreshments will be served from 9:30 - 10 a.m. Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston, will offer welcoming remarks at 10 a.m.The first panel, How to Create a More Inclusive College Community, will be presented by the Boston ProArts Consortium. Panelists include Brenda Bailey, Assistant Director of Equity, Diversity and Inclusion at Massachusetts College of Art Neil Donohoe, Dean of Theater, Boston Conservatory Tamia Jordan, Director, Intercultural Student Affairs, Emerson College Rene Pfister, Voice Faculty, Berklee Daniel Soghomonian, Phonathon Manager, Berklee and will be moderated by Kevin Johnson, Director, Office for Diversity and Inclusion, Berklee. The panel will take place from 10:15 a.m. - 12 p.m.Lesla Newman will present He Continues to Make a Difference: The Story of Matthew Shepard from 1  3 p.m. Newman is the author of 70 books for readers of all ages. She is the author of Heather Has Two Mommies, the first children's book to portray lesbian families in a positive way. Newman is also the author of many books for adults that deal with lesbian identity, Jewish identity, and the intersection and collision between the two.Massachusetts native Melissa Ferrick will be performing from 3 - 4 p.m. Ferrick grew up in Ipswich, MA, during the 70s, playing the violin and going to jazz clubs on the North Shore with her father, who managed local bands. In elementary school, she learned to play trumpet and bass guitar, which led the way to songwriting in high school. At 16, Ferrick was accepted into the New England Conservatory's Youth Orchestra and Wind Ensemble as a trumpet player, giving her the opportunity to tour with the Conservatory's Extension Division, which traveled to perform in California and China. She was accepted to Berklee College of Music on songwriting and trumpet scholarships and chose to continue her music education there from 1988-1990.Collaborating with Berklee allows for learning opportunities among diverse populations and cultures, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. Boston Day of Reflection brings the community together to discuss diversity and inclusivity while supporting our local Boston artists.Boston Day of Reflection will be followed by the presentation of celebrated Grammy-winners Craig Hella Johnson and choral ensemble Conspirares performance of Johnsons new musical masterwork, Considering Matthew Shepard, on Sunday, February 5 at Boston Symphony Hall.The Mayors Office of Arts and Cultures mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading implementation of the Citys cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information, go to the Arts and Culture website.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit bpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walshon Saturdaytoured four new homes under construction in Roxbury that will produce more energy than they consume. These high performance green homes will be certified LEED Platinum, the U.S. Green Building Council's highest rating for sustainable design. The Mayor was joined by Jonathan Kantar the principal of Sage Builders LLC and the project developer, Place Tailor, a Roxbury based building crew, and representatives from the Highland Park Project Review Committee.""Homes that generate as much energy as they use exemplify the kind of innovation that makes Boston a world leader on climate action,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""With these new homes, we are taking another measurable step toward our goal of being carbon neutral by 2050."" The development is part of the E+ Green Building Program which is managed jointly by the Boston Planning and Development Agency, the Department ofNeighborhood Development, and the City of BostonEnvironment Department.All of the homes being built will be energy efficient with highly insulated, air-tight walls and windows, LED lights, solar panels, and water-efficient plumbing. The design features, which include energy recovery ventilation, ensure lots of fresh air while allowing the homes to keep a consistent temperature throughout the year with minimal heating in the winter or cooling in the summer. Building materials are selected and installed so as to ensure a healthy indoor environment for the occupants and minimal impact on our natural resources.The residential development located on 156 Highland Street includes two buildings totaling four homeownership units. The front building, which is two and a half stories and designed in a Greek Revival style, includes two side-by-side homeowner units. Each has three bedrooms and a two and a half baths, totaling approximately 1,300 square feet of living space. The rear building, which is also two and half stories and is rendered in a Carriage House style, includes two stacked units each has two-bedrooms and one bathroom, totaling approximately 1,000 square feet. All four units will have separate front and rear entrances, a dedicated parking space, and an exterior patio space. The site includes advanced stormwater management practices, stone work salvaged from the site, and indigenous drought resistant landscaping. The four units will be sold to homeowners, three at market rate and one as an affordable home for a family with an income at or below 80% of the Area Median Income level.Place Tailor, a young Roxbury based building crew with an expertise in high performance construction, was brought on by Sage Builders both for their technical and local expertise.Piloting new practices like these E+ Green Buildings that are net-positive reflects some of the strategies outlined in the City's Updated 2014 Climate Action Plan for reducing Boston's greenhouse gas emissions by 25 percent by 2020 and for achieving our new goal of carbon neutrality by 2050. Building account for almost three quarters of Boston's greenhouse gas emissions. Boston's E+ Green Building Program is playing a critical role by achieving significant emission reductions and by pioneering the next generation of high performance green buildings. Boston will continue to pilot net-positive building practices with new and expanded E+ Green Building and E+ Green Communities offerings. Please visitEPositiveBoston.orgfor more detailed information and updates on new opportunities to lead the way.This week Massachusetts wasnamed the 2016 top state for LEED buildingsin the U.S. Green Building Council's annual ranking of top states, with Boston's leadership at the forefront of the state's work. The E+ Green Building Program's sponsors include Eversource and National Grid, as well as the U.S. Green Building Council (USGBC), the Massachusetts USGBC Chapter, and the Boston Society of Architects/AIA. "
The recently published Climate Ready Boston (CRB) report, all 400 pages of it, has a number of recommendations to prepare Boston for climate change. The report labels and divides these recommendations into layers. As part of this blog series, Greenovate will break down each layer and publish a blog walking through the details. And because the report produced recommendations rather than specific policies, learning more from this blog and other upcoming Greenovate events will prepare you to be more informed, and position you to provide your own insights into the report and its implementation. So lets get started!The first CRB layer focuses on maintaining up-to-date information on future climate conditions in Boston in order to make the most informed decisions about planning and policy. To maintain this information the report recommends two initiatives be prioritized:1.Create a climate committee to regularly update climate science projectionsThe report recommends the City convene a panel of leading climate scientists from local and regional institutions, aptly named the Greater Boston Panel on Climate. The panel will build upon the vision set out by the Boston Research Advisory Group (BRAG) to focus on key climate factors, such as extreme temperatures, sea level rise, coastal storms, and precipitation. They will be responsible for producing and updating a set of climate projections for the Boston area every five years AND assist local and state agencies in applying those conclusions to policy, design, and regulation. This helps ensure City planners and policy makers take into account the changing climate when making decisions. 2.Create future flood maps to support and guide planning, policy, and regulationThe newly created maps should show the extent and depth of future projected flooding based on the most up-to-date information the committee mentioned above creates. With the projection maps, local and state agencies will be able to use them to appropriately plan infrastructure. The report calls for the City to update these flood maps every five years.Were not the first city to set forth such ambitious goals. New York City convened a similar panel to report out about best practices and the most up-to-date information regarding climate. New York Citys last report was published in 2015  so keep an eye out for it come 2018. To get a jump start on these recommendations, the Climate Ready Boston team created maps that reflect future conditions for three sea level rise scenarios (9, 21, and 36 inches). With these preliminary maps were able to visualize potential effects of sea level risecheck them out here!The first of the five layers ensures that City officials have as much information as possible to inform their decisions. By updating this information, the City is able to make the best decisions possible to ensure a safe, healthy, and thriving Boston for many generations to come. Greenovate is excited to help in this endeavor by making sure you are informed! You can read all five layers by visiting Greenovate's website, and you can stay up to date on all things climate byjoining Greenovate's newsletter.
"Preventing people from entering this country based solely on faith runs counter to everything we stand for as Americans. Let's be clear: this is not an effective way to combat terrorism and increase homeland security.""It is a reckless policy that is rooted in fear, not substance, and further divides us as a nation and a world. It is simply morally wrong. As Americans, we must move forward together as a country proud of our diverse heritage, and find real solutions to the challenges we face."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined theBoston Tax Help Coalitionand community partners for National Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) Awareness Day, to launch the 2017 tax season at Dorchester House. The event highlighted the free tax preparation and asset building services offered by the Boston Tax Help Coalition.The Boston Tax Help Coalition, a public-private partnership of over 30 organizations, managed by theMayor's Office of Financial Empowerment (OFE), provides free tax preparation and comprehensive asset building opportunities to low and moderate-income residents in Boston. The Coalition seeks to maximize the EITC and provide access to savings strategies to help taxpayers build wealth and pay down debt.""I am grateful to the Boston Tax Help Coalition for their assistance in providing residents with the expert help that's needed during tax season,""said Mayor Walsh. ""The Coalition has been providing free tax assistance by IRS certified volunteers for 16 years and since its founding, over 150,000 free tax returns have been prepared for our city's residents.""The free tax services provided by the Coalition are available to Boston residents who earned $54,000 or less in 2016. It is the Coalition's mission to broaden pathways from poverty to financial empowerment by maximizing the impact of the earned income and other tax credits through quality, free tax preparation, financial education and economic stability opportunities. In 2016 the Boston Tax Help Coalition served over 13,000 residents and returned $24 million dollars in refunds and credits directly to taxpayers.There are 35 tax sites throughout Boston's neighborhoods, with support in the following eight languages: Spanish, Chinese, Vietnamese, Haitian Creole, Cape Verdean Creole, Somali, Arabic, and Portuguese. Free tax services in American Sign Language are also available by appointment.""The Boston Tax Help Coalition shares our commitment to building brighter futures and improving economic outcomes for underserved individuals and business owners,"" said Gwen Robinson, Director of Corporate Responsibility at Santander Bank, as she joined Mayor Walsh for today's launch event. ""As this tax season begins, we are especially proud to play a role in supporting the work of the Boston Tax Help Coalition. The free tax preparation assistance is an essential component to building the financial capability of low- and moderate income families and small businesses in Boston.""For more information, including locations and hours of tax sites, can be found athttp://www.bostontaxhelp.org/.About the Mayor's Office of Financial Empowerment (OFE)TheOffice of Financial Empowerment's mission is to link those seeking financial security and wealth generation with access to capital, financial education, and financial services. Please visitOFE.Boston.Govto learn more about the OFE's work and the Boston Tax Help Coalition."
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that Cristina Parreo Alonso has been selected to create a public art project in Hyde Square following an open call for artists through aRequest for Proposal. The artist will work with the Hyde Square community to refine the design and further develop the initial proposal. The public art project will be implemented in conjunction with the reconstruction of Hyde Squareat the intersection of Centre Street, Perkins Street, and Day Streetin Fall 2017.This public art project is part of a larger effort by the Public Works Department (PWD) to reconstruct and enhance the intersection of Centre Street, Perkins Street, and Day Street, collectively known as Hyde Square. Enhancements will include increased sidewalk widths, traffic and pedestrian safety improvements, new lighting, and landscaping. A major goal of this project is to create a sense of place and enhance the public realm with artwork, which is what this request for proposal sought to accomplish.""The Hyde Square Public Art Project will offer the Jamaica Plain community a place to meet and socialize with their fellow neighbors,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We heard the community's desire to have a gathering space for people in the neighborhood, and I look forward to completing this project and fulfilling that wish, while also supporting talented artists in this community.""Alonso, originally from Spain, has been working as an architect and teacher for the past 15 years. Her work revolves around connecting the built form with the existing environment, while taking into account the culture and needs of users, as well as the non-conventional use of materials that encourages user engagement. Alonso's recent work, ""Tectonics of Transparencies,"" explores the qualities of glass as a translucent and transparent material as well as its use as a structural element. Alonso earned a degree in Architecture from Escuela Tecnica Superior de Arquitectura de Madrid.""The Hyde Square public art project is an important step in moving forward theBoston Creates Cultural Plan, which calls for opportunities to integrate arts, culture, and creativity into the public realm and urban environment,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""We look forward to seeing Cristina's work come to fruition. It will be a critical asset to the proposed Latin Quarter Cultural District, located around Hyde Square..""The Public Works Department (PWD),the Boston Art Commission (BAC) within the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, Hyde Square Task Force, and the Hyde Jackson Square Main Street have all collaborated on the Hyde Square public art project in Jamaica Plain. Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester.For more information, go to:www.boston.gov/departments/arts-and-cultureBoston Art CommissionThe Boston Art Commission (BAC), an independent board ofarts leaderscharged with the care and custody of all artworks on City of Boston property, advocates for the creation of innovative and transformative art and promotes its accessibility to enrich the lives of Boston's diverse citizens and visitors. The Art Commission advises, supports, and consults with artists and communities, City departments, and others. It commissions, approves, and conserves the City of Boston's collection of art and historical artifacts.For more information, go to:www.publicartboston.comBoston Public Works DepartmentThe Public Works Department (PWD)provides core basic services essential to neighborhood quality of life. PWD directs the general construction, maintenance, and cleaning of approximately 802 miles of roadways throughout the City. PWD operates two major drawbridges, maintains 68,055 City-owned street lights, and supervises contracts for the removal and disposal of approximately 260,000 tons of solid waste. PWD also operates Boston's recycling program with an annual diversion of approximately 44,000 tons.For more information, go to:https://www.boston.gov/public-worksHyde Square Task ForceHyde Square Task Force (HSTF) is an award-winning youth development and social change organization based in the Hyde/Jackson Square area of Jamaica Plain, also known as Boston's Latin Quarter. Its mission is to develop the skills of youth and their families so they are empowered to enhance their own lives and build a strong and vibrant urban community. Through high-quality arts, academic, and leadership programming, HSTF serves more than 1,200 youth each year from all over Boston.For more information, go to:www.hydesquare.orgHyde Jackson Square Main StreetHyde Jackson Square Main Street's mission is to create a safe, visually vibrant, economically sound business district in Hyde and Jackson Squares. The Hyde and Jackson Square neighborhood is rich with a variety of stores, businesses, and residences. People here hail from many different countries and speak many languages. Centre Street is the cross-road of the neighborhood where people greet each other, share stories, play, exercise, and shop.For more information, go to:www.hydejacksonsquare.org"
"On Wednesdaynight, Mayor Martin J. Walsh led a group of 400 volunteers, including City of Boston cabinet and department heads, State officials, community and civic leaders, and homeless providers in conducting the street count for the City's 37th annual homeless census. The street count is part of a larger census of homeless adults and families in emergency shelters, transitional housing and domestic violence programs.In 2016, Boston was identified by the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) as the city with the lowest percentage of unsheltered people living on the street of any city conducting a census.The annual homeless census is required by HUD as a key component of Boston's $24 million funding grant.""I want to thank all of last night's volunteers for their time and commitment to our homeless neighbors,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""The annual homeless census is far more than a one-night count -- it's part of a year-round commitment to housing our homeless and helping our neighbors in need. One of the things I am most proud of as Mayor is that since the first time I led this census three years ago, more than one thousand homeless people in our city have been housed -- and we are not stopping until we have ended chronic homelessness in the City of Boston.""This year, the Census' 400 volunteers canvassed 45 areas covering every city neighborhood, Logan Airport and the transit and parks systems. After a robust recruitment effort, two-thirds of the event's participants were first-time volunteers.Results of the homeless census form the basis for Boston's policy efforts.Boston's Way Home, the City's plan to end chronic and veteran homelessness,puts housing first, dramatically redesigning the way the City delivers services to the homeless, increasing resources devoted to housing the homeless, and deploying new technologies to match formerly homeless people with housing and servicesSince the launch of the plan:"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh yesterday joined with representatives from Mass Mentoring Partnership and mentoring programs across the city to announce that the city has exceeded its initial goal for the Mayor's Mentoring Movement by recruiting 1,356 new mentors to serve Boston youth. The Mayor's initiative was launched in late 2014 with the goal of recruiting 1,000 new mentorsin two years. To celebrate this milestone, Mayor Walsh also declared yesterday, Thursday, January 25 as Mentoring Day in Boston.""We are thrilled that so many caring adults have answered the call to serve as mentors and help make a difference in the lives of young people across the City of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Mentorship helps our young people dream bigger and reach higher. I look forward to building on our strong momentum, and get even more people to join our movement and serve as role models for our youth.""Yesterday's celebration at City Hall was part of a recruitment fair that included Mayor's Mentoring Movement programs. City employees and the public had the opportunity to talk with programs about opportunities to mentor young people in different settings.Mass Mentoring Partnership partnered with Mayor Walsh in 2014 to connect volunteer mentors with mentoring opportunities by referring them to partner programs across the city, who then match the adults with young people waiting for mentors.""We want to thank our mentoring program partners for all of their work to achieve this exciting milestone,"" said Marty Martinez, President & CEO of Mass Mentoring Partnership. ""These empowering youth-adult relationships can help young people reach their full potential and strengthen our community.""Mentors encourage positive choices, promote high self-esteem, and academic achievement. They foster confidence in young people that allows them to be the best version of themselves and more productive members of society. The impact of a caring adult's dedication and care can lift youth off of a bad path and place them on a road to success.To learn more about the Mayor's Mentoring Movement, visit:bostonmentors.orgor follow the conversation on Twitter using #BostonMentors.About Mass Mentoring PartnershipMass Mentoring Partnership (MMP) is fueling the movement to expand empowering youth-adult relationships to strengthen communities across Massachusetts. MMP serves more than 250 mentoring programs and youth development organizations statewide supporting 33,000 youth in caring relationships. For more information, please visit:www.massmentors.org"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a series of small business support workshops that will be hosted in neighborhoods across Boston over the winter and spring to assist entrepreneurs and small business owners of all types and development stages. Hosted by the Mayor's Office of Economic Development in partnership with Boston Main Streets, this series of workshops will provide assistance and guidance for small businesses in Boston. The workshops will build on the Office of Economic Development's business support system and technical assistance program.""Small businesses are the backbone of communities throughout Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""A vibrant small business ecosystem is important because it extends economic opportunities to all our residents. When we released our first Small Business Plan last year, our main goals were to support the small business economy, enhance neighborhood vibrancy, and foster economic and social inclusion and equity. This series will help us to make progress on each of these goals.""Released in 2016, the City's first everSmall Business Planidentified the top needs of Boston's small businesses, as well as opportunities to create strategies to meet those needs. This workshop series addresses several needs of the small business community, including increased contracting opportunities, strategic programs for immigrant business owners and entrepreneurs, and a focus for key growth business segments designed to support smaller restaurants and retailers.""Small businesses are the economic engine of the City of Boston,"" said John Barros, Chief of Economic Development. ""By streamlining small business resources through a single department, we are equipped to support the City's more than 40,000 small businesses on issues ranging from visual merchandising to developing a sustainable business plan. From the self-employed to entrepreneurs to brick and mortar storefronts, Mayor Walsh and the Office of Economic Development will continue to ensure a growing, thriving and equitable small business ecosystem.""The workshops will be conducted by the Office of Economic Development in partnership with consultants available through its On-Site Technical Assistance program. The consultants work with businesses for a six month period to address challenges and provide guidance to entrepreneurs and business owners on issues ranging from developing a sustainable business plan, to assistance with financial management.Date:Tuesday, January 31Time:10:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.Topic:InstagramLocation:Boston Public Library, Copley SquareRegister for the eventDate:Wednesday, February 22Time:10:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.Topic:LeasingLocation:Bruce C. Bolling Municipal Building, RoxburyDate:Tuesday, February 28Time:8:30 a.m. - 10:30 a.m.Topic:FacebookLocation:Egleston Square YMCA, Roxbury*Spanish interpreter availableDate:Tuesday, March 14Time:10:00 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.Topic:Financial Management for Food BusinessesLocation:East Boston (exact location TBD)*Spanish interpreter availableDate:Tuesday, March 28Time:5:00 p.m. - 8:00 p.m.Topic:Tactics for Scaling Your Business for Female EntrepreneursLocation:Roxbury Innovation CenterAdditional workshops and details will be announced for the spring. All workshop and registration information can be found atboston.gov/econdev, onTwitter, and onFacebook.The Economic Development Cabinet's mission is to make Boston an appealing and accessible place for working families, entrepreneurs, businesses, and investors to innovate, grow, and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for all Bostonians and the experience for all visitors. Learn more on the Economic Development website."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Red Sox Foundation today announced that four indoor batting cages will be installed in 2017 at Boston Centers for Youth and Families (BCYF) locations throughout the City of Boston. The batting cage installation is made possible by a grant from the Youth Development Foundation, an organization set up in 2015 by Major League Baseball (MLB) and the Major League Baseball Players Association (MLBPA) to improve the caliber, effectiveness and availability of amateur baseball and softball programs across the United States and Canada.""Baseball isn't just a sport - it's a passion for so many Boston residents and children, and this grant will allow young people throughout our City to improve their baseball game in a welcoming, accessible environment,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm grateful to our Red Sox Foundation partners for providing BCYF centers batting cages that will allow our young athletes to enjoy baseball throughout every month of the year.""""Major League Baseball is pleased to contribute to a project that will allow young people throughout Boston to hone their skills and enjoy our sport year-round,"" said Baseball Commissioner Robert D. Manfred, Jr. ""This particular effort serves as a great illustration of the impact that the joint Youth Development Foundation is making on worthy initiatives in Major League markets. MLB also commends the Red Sox franchise on its exceptional commitment to the communities of Boston.""""On behalf of all Players, and especially those who call the Boston area home, we are happy to direct funds from the Youth Development Foundation to help install indoor batting cages throughout the city,"" stated MLBPA Executive Director, Tony Clark. ""One of the main goals of the Foundation is to improve access to the sport of baseball for inner-city youth, and we believe this project will help cultivate greater levels of interest and participation in our great game among Boston youth.""""Growing the game of baseball and connecting with younger fans is a point of focus for the Red Sox, the league, and the Players Association,"" said Red Sox Chairman Tom Werner. ""We thank Commissioner Manfred and MLBPA Executive Director Tony Clark for this generous grant that addresses a need in a number of youth and family centers in Boston. This grassroots effort will help countless young children improve their game, and we are grateful for the support from the Youth Development Foundation in our community.""Over the next few months, the Red Sox Foundation will install four batting cages in BCYF locations in Boston. The first batting cage was formally unveiled today at BCYF's Tobin location on Tremont Street in Mission Hill. Three more batting cages will be installed in 2017 at BCYF's Curtis Hall in Jamaica Plain, the Shelburne center in Roxbury, and the Nazzaro center in the North End.About the Red Sox FoundationThe official team charity of the Boston Red Sox, the Red Sox Foundation has distributed over $93 million to support programs serving children and families across New England. The Foundation's efforts are primarily focused on its cornerstone programs: the Red Sox Scholars Program, which provides tutoring, mentoring, enrichment programs and a college scholarship to academically talented but economically disadvantaged Boston public school students the Red Sox Foundation's RBI and Rookie League youth baseball and softball programs serving more than 1,500 inner city teens each summer the New England Red Sox Service Scholarship program providing scholarships to high school seniors in CT, VT, ME, RI and NH based upon community service the Massachusetts Little League Initiative supporting up to 200 little league teams in the Commonwealth, the Home Base Program, a Red Sox Foundation and Massachusetts General Hospital partnership providing clinical care for veterans returning from Iraq and Afghanistan with combat stress and traumatic brain injury The Dimock Center in Roxbury, serving more than 60,000 low-income families in Boston's most disadvantaged neighborhoods and The Jimmy Fund, supporting breakthrough cancer research at the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute.About the Youth Development FoundationIn July 2015, the Major League Baseball Players Association and Major League Baseball announced a commitment of $30 million toward a new joint initiative that will focus on improving the caliber, effectiveness and availability of amateur baseball and softball programs across the United States and Canada, titled the Youth Development Foundation (YDF). The YDF funds are designated for a comprehensive list of potential efforts that focus on, but are not limited to: training and recognition programs for coaches matching grants for youth baseball academies outreach and matching programs for Major Leaguers and former Major Leaguers who desire to work with youth baseball programs in their communities and defraying the expense to play in elite-level programs and showcases.The YDF was designed to supplement similar efforts that are already underway to grow the game internationally, outside of the United States and Canada."
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the release of a Request for Proposals for applicants interested in operating a coffee shop in the lobby of Boston City Hall this spring. This project is part of a renovation of the lobby, which is scheduled to be completed in Spring 2017 (view schematics of the new lobby design).""Boston City Hall oftentimes serves as a person's first face-to-face interaction with their local government, and it's important that everyone who visits our building has an enjoyable and productive experience,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This is a small step to activate the people's public space and will undoubtedly have a big impact that will enhance constituent interactions with their government.""In 2015, the City implemented a pilot program to determine interest and viability of a local coffee cart on the mezzanine level of Boston City Hall. Over the last 18 months, the City experimented with three different local vendors.Today's announcement builds on Mayor Walsh's vision for Boston City Hall to be a public place where residents, visitors, and employees may conduct necessary business in an open and welcoming space.The RFP is open to any vendor who would like to apply, and the City encourages participation from local, minority and women-owned businesses.The temporary installation of the coffee carts have proven to be successful for patrons and businesses. The temporary coffee carts created an opportunity for small, local businesses and provided a new destination for an activated public space in the lobby. The mezzanine level became a node of social interaction where City workers and visitors could informally collaborate and socialize. This project is a collaboration between the City's Operations and Economic Development Cabinets and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics.Issued through the City's Property Management Department, the Request for Proposals can be found on the City of Boston'sprocurement website, Event # EV00003931. Responses are dueFebruary 9, 2017. Interested respondents are invited to tour the space with City staff on today,January 24, 2017 at 4:00 PM, and also onJanuary 31, 2017 at 4:00 p.m."
The Boston Public Library begins 2017 with a full slate of literacy resources and opportunities for learners throughout Boston and the Commonwealth, including ESL classes and conversation groups, HiSet preparation classes, online tools, and immigrant information material. Visitthe Library'swebsitefor a complete list of offerings and services.LearningExpress Library Log on and practice for SAT, GED, HiSet, TOEFL, and other education tests. Learn-A-Test is interactive and is based on official tests that will help you improve your scores on academic, civil service, military, and professional licensing and certification exams. It provides immediate scoring, complete answer explanations, and individualized analysis of your score. All you need is your BPL card or eCard number.Mango Languages Mango Languages is a great online language learning program for both English and foreign languages. For the English learning component, users can select their native language as the language through which they learn English.Literacy Resources:Research Guide: Literacy Resources for Adult ESL and ABE EducatorsResearch Guide: Literacy Resources for ABE and ESL LearnersAbout BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARY Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visit our website.
"The City of Boston Transportation Department (BTD) is now accepting applications for 2017 Neighborhood Slow Streets projects. Residents, neighborhood associations, and other community-based organizations are invited to apply to have their neighborhood participate in the Neighborhood Slow Streets program which works to use traffic calming measures to improve roadway safety within a defined residential area. BTD and the Boston Public Works Department will work with selected applicants to plan and implement Neighborhood Slow Streets projects that meet the specific needs of their communities.Expanding our Neighborhood Slow Streets program is a critical component of the City of Bostons Vision Zero agenda, said Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh. The program is designed to reduce the number and severity of traffic crashes on residential streets, which are important parts of our overall roadway safety goals. I look forward to continuing to work together with residents, neighborhoods and community organizations to improve the safety of our streets.""Selected Neighborhood Slow Streets will be equipped with visual and physical cues to slow drivers to 20 MPH, making each street feel more inviting for people of all ages who are walking, playing, or bicycling. The program emphasizes quick-install and low-cost fixes, such as signage, pavement markings and speed humps.From application to implementation, a full community process is incorporated into the Neighborhood Slow Streets program to give neighbors new opportunities to work in partnership with the City to improve safety in their neighborhoods, BTD Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca said. When these projects are completed, we expect to see slower speeds and happier residents.Applications must demonstrate strong local support. When selecting neighborhoods to join the program, the City will review crash history, the number of youth and older adults living in the neighborhood, and proximity to schools, parks, and community centers, among other factors.City of Boston Chief of Streets Chris Osgood said, The City has been working with two pilot communities to develop the program, the Talbot-Norfolk Triangle in Dorchesters Codman Square and Stonybrook in Jamaica Plain, and the first physical improvements will be made in these neighborhoods this year. Community outreach and design work on two to three newly selected Neighborhood Slow Streets projects is also expected to begin in 2017.Learn more about the Neighborhood Slow Streets program, including applications.-###-About Vision ZeroVision Zero is an early action item of the Go Boston 2030 citywide transportation plan with the goal of eliminating fatal and serious crashes in Boston. The Vision Zero Boston Action Plan was released in December 2015. The action plan and updates can be viewed at www.visionzeroboston.org ."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of a Request for Proposals (RFP) to assess the demand and study the feasibility of implementing a municipal ID program in Boston, including an evaluation plan. A municipal ID program would enable Boston to issue ID cards to its residents, many of whom face barriers to obtaining government-issued forms of identification.""We are committed to creating a more inclusive and accessible city for all Bostonians,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This RFP will allow Boston to determine if a municipal ID program would be beneficial to our residents, particularly the elderly, students and immigrants who may not have access to traditional means of identification like driver's licenses. This study will help us best serve all of Boston's residents.""The RFP seeks a consultant to develop possible program designs that incorporate the latest technology standards in IT security, privacy and confidentiality as well as integrate efficiently with existing City services. The City will determine if a municipal ID program is possible, and if so, what option best meets the needs of Bostonians and fulfills Mayor Walsh's mission to create a more welcoming and equitable city.Proposals must be submitted byFebruary 28, 2017through the City's Supplier Portal. A final proposal will be selected by the end of March. The City expects the selected consultant to begin working immediately, and to conduct the study within a six month timeframe. ""A municipal ID program is an opportunity to improve the lives of the City's most vulnerable residents, while providing tangible benefits for all Bostonians,"" said Felix Arroyo, Chief of Health and Human Services. ""This study will help us better understand how to tailor a potential program to the needs of all Boston's residents.""A successful and viable municipal ID program would be an opportunity for the City of Boston to help residents more fully engage in civic life by increasing their access to city services, banking options, the City's renowned cultural institutions, and more. Municipal ID programs are also designed to increase public safety by giving residents a means of interfacing with law enforcement officers with confidence, thus promoting lasting relationships of trust between public safety officials and the communities they serve.For more information about the Boston Municipal ID Feasibility Study, visit the City's Supplier Portal:boston.gov/procurement and accessEV00003956."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today unveiled his priorities for the 2017-2018 Massachusetts State Legislative Session. Comprised of 64 bills, the legislative agenda highlights the Mayor's commitment to ensuring the City of Boston is healthy, thriving and innovative, and provides pathways to educational achievement and economic mobility for all.""Boston is fortunate to have strong partners in state government who want to ensure our capital City's continued growth and success. I am proud to put forth a legislative agenda that builds upon the work we are doing every day at the City level to provide improved educational opportunities, safer communities, access to affordable housing and economic mobility for all of Boston's residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to working with the Massachusetts Legislature over the next two years to bring these proposals to fruition. In particular, I would like to thank Boston's State Delegation for their continued partnership during the legislative process to improve all aspects of life in our City.""Investing in Public Education, Eliminating the Opportunity GapMayor Walsh filed comprehensive education finance reform legislation at the State House that aims to invest equitably in public education and expand access to high-quality education for students of all ages.""I believe deeply in public education and I will continue to fight for more resources for our students and our schools,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are working every day to close opportunity and achievement gaps, meet the individual needs of every student and make our district schools top choices for every family in every neighborhood. I am committed to working with our partners on Beacon Hill to fix education funding formulas, and get every student on a pathway to success from pre-kindergarten through college and career. I want to thank our legislative partners for their willingness to sponsor and support these reforms.""The bills in the Mayor's legislative agenda on education will:Close the ""quality gap"" in pre-kindergarten seats in Boston by Fiscal Year 2025 by creating approximately hundreds more quality pre-kindergarten seats, which would be funded by redirecting surplus revenue raised in Boston from the Convention Center Fund to the City of Boston.This proposal would guarantee free, high-quality pre-kindergarten for every four-year-old in Boston by dedicating $16.5 million to early education in Boston. This legislation will redirect two Convention Center Fund revenues that are produced exclusively in the City of Boston: the Boston Sightseeing Surcharge and the Boston Vehicular Rental Transaction Surcharge. Neither revenue source is directly related to convention center business, and Convention Center revenue is almost entirely raised in Boston. However, in recent years, Fund surpluses have been used to balance the statewide budget. In FY16 alone, the Commonwealth drew $60 million from the Convention Center Fund to close the year in balance. Boston residents have a strong claim on this revenue, and supporting early education will make a difference in the lives of thousands of children and families, and will provide all children with equal opportunities for success. The Walsh Administration has added hundreds of pre-kindergarten seats over the past three years and, while families now have virtually universal access to pre-kindergarten seats, they do not have universal access to free, high-quality seats in their neighborhoods.Bringing Opportunity to the Entire CityMayor Walsh believes in providing tools that enhance the economic mobility of all Bostonians. These proposals are aimed at eliminating the achievement and wealth gaps by investing in our children and our workforce.""Our residents are the backbone of this great city, so it's critical that we do what we can to make it easier for them to stay and succeed in Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Whether through tax credits, financial empowerment initiatives, or job opportunities, the City will continue to provide support to help residents thrive.""The bills in the Mayor's legislative agenda designed to provide economic mobility will:Authorize the Boston Police Department and Boston Fire Department to implement a residency preference of three years prior to the date of civil service examination for individuals seeking appointment in the respective departments.Currently, individuals must only live in the City for one year prior to the civil service examinations. By increasing the years of residency requirement to three, the departments will attract individuals that are invested in the City and assist in diversifying the departments.Alleviating Residential DisplacementMayor Walsh will submit legislation at the State House to address displacement of Boston residents from their homes by expanding tenants' rights, rewarding good landlords and creating additional funding for affordable housing.""Even as Boston sees historic levels of housing being built, we must make sure no one is left behind,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""To preserve, enhance and grow neighborhoods, we must protect our neighbors from displacement.""The Mayor submitted proposals that will:Provide landlords who are keeping their rents below market rent with a $1,500 state income tax credit.Promoting the Health and Safety of Bostonians""A city can only thrive and grow when its people are healthy,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""From implementing new safety measures to continuing our focus on substance abuse recovery and prevention, the City of Boston will do its part in aiding residents to lead healthy lives.""Mayor Walsh's health bills will:Require chain pharmacies to have drug collection kiosks.Responsible GovernmentMayor Walsh is committed to a more inclusive and transparent government that affords more opportunities for residents to be involved in the democratic and decision-making processes.""From giving Bostonians more access to the ballot box, to providing potential candidates for office a better opportunity to engage with the public, and ensuring a more transparent decision-making process, these proposed legislative measures aim to make City Hall and government more inclusive and give citizens more opportunities to participate, learn about what we do, and get their voices heard,"" said Mayor Walsh.Mayor Walsh's bills will:Reform municipal lobbying to allow greater access to information concerning efforts by third parties seeking to influence discretionary decision making at all levels of municipal government.With this home rule petition, Mayor Walsh aims to make municipal lobbying efforts easily accessible to the public for the first time in the city's history. The framework of this home rule largely mirrors that of the existing state ethics law, with some key changes better tailored for municipal government.View the Mayor's entire legislative agenda"
"The Ash Center for Democratic Governance and Innovation at the John F. Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University, has recognized CityScore as part of the 2017 Bright Ideas in Government initiative.CityScoreis part of a cohort that includes programs from all levels of government - school districts, county, city, state, federal agencies, and tribal nations, as well as public-private partnerships - that represent the next horizon in government work to improve services, solve problems and work on behalf of citizens.""It's an honor for CityScore to be recognized as a 2017 Harvard Ash Center Bright Idea,"" said Jascha Franklin-Hodge, Boston's Chief Information Officer. ""Since its creation last year, CityScore has become an invaluable tool to monitor performance and create lasting improvements in Boston. We will continue to develop and expand CityScore as part of our larger commitment improve quality of life, government efficiency and public transparency.""CityScore is a first-of-its kind tool created by the City of Boston to provide Mayor Martin J. Walsh, City staff and residents a way to understand the overall health of the City by scoring the City's performance on individual metrics and delivering a single, indicative number to see how operations are going on a day-to-day basis. By displaying near real-time data on City operations and quality-of-life metrics, CityScore helps the City be more responsive and effective.Since its launch last January, CityScore has helped improve the efficiency of core City services, including increased resources for emergency medical services. Last August, Mayor Walsh and the Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) launchedan open source toolkitfor CityScore to allow other cities and organizations to implement their own version of CityScore.""These programs demonstrate that there are no prerequisites for doing the good work of governing,"" said Stephen Goldsmith, director of the Innovations in American Government Program at the Ash Center. ""Small towns and massive cities, huge federal agencies and local school districts, large budgets or no budgets at all - what makes government work best is the drive to do better, and this group proves that drive can be found anywhere.""This is the fifth cohort recognized through the Bright Ideas program, an initiative of the broader Innovations in American Government Awards program. For consideration as a Bright Idea, programs must currently be in operation or in the process of launching, have sufficient operational resources and must be administered by one or more governmental entities nonprofit, private sector, and union initiatives are eligible if operating in partnership with a governmental organization. Bright Ideas are showcased on the Ash Center's Government Innovators Network, an online platform for practitioners and policymakers to share innovative public policy solutions.Visitthe Government Innovators Network athttp://innovations.harvard.edufor the full list of Bright Ideas programs and for more information regarding the Innovations in American Government Awards.About the Ash Center for Democratic Governance and InnovationThe Ash Center for Democratic Governance and Innovation advances excellence in governance and strengthens democratic institutions worldwide. Through its research, education, international programs, and government innovations awards, the Center fosters creative and effective government problem solving and serves as a catalyst for addressing many of the most pressing needs of the world's citizens. For more information, visitwww.ash.harvard.edu."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh recognized the four top winners of the Boston's Safest Driver Competition, presenting them with citations and cash prizes totaling $4,500 for practicing safe driving habits in the City. The competition, which kicked off in early October, was based on a smartphone app that scored drivers on behaviors associated with safer driving. The initiative was designed to actively and innovatively engage the public in Boston's Vision Zero effort to improve traffic safety and eliminate fatalities from traffic crashes in Boston by 2030.""I'm happy to present these awards to four responsible Boston drivers, each of whom received a perfect score of 100 while logging over 1,000 miles each during the course of the competition,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Through our initiative Vision Zero, Boston is committed to improving our streets, and I thank all participants in the competition for their work to make our streets safer for our City's residents, commuters and visitors.""The top winners of the Boston's Safest Driver Competition are:Another 98 high scoring participants have been awarded over $3,000 in cash prizes since the competition began in October.""This was a humbling experience overall,"" said first place winner Deirdre Manning. ""I had to put my ego in the backseat and let all the other cars pass me. More than one person glared at me or showed me I was #1 when they zipped around me. Most importantly, it was a great experiment for my soon-to-be-driving teenager as she got a good idea of how I want her to drive.""The app scores drivers between 0 and 100 based on five measurements, including speeding and phone use. Nearly 5,000 people participated in the competition. Dramatic reductions in phone use and speeding by competitors were recorded, with 1,100 competitors seeing their phone distraction drop by 47% and their speeding drop by almost 35%. The app recorded over 190,000 trips taken by participants who represented99 communities in Metro Boston as well as all of Boston's neighborhoods. The greatest number of people who participated in the competition are residents of Dorchester, with 214 drivers using the app. Outside of Boston, the City of Quincy had the highest number of participants with 143 users.""We were thrilled with the feedback we heard from people using the app to compete with their friends, family, neighbors and co-workers over 'best driver' bragging rights,"" said Kris Carter, Co-Chair of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics. ""It's not just of people driving safer on our streets, but there is a real civic good that can come from the aggregated data generated that once analyzed could lead to very insightful transportation planning decisions.""The Boston's Safest Driver Competition was implemented by the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics and the Boston Transportation Department. Cambridge Mobile Telematics donated technology services and Arbella Insurance Foundation funded all prize money.""It has been an honor to partner with the City of Boston for the Boston's Safest Driver competition,"" said John Donohue, chairman, president and CEO of the Arbella Insurance Group, and chairman of Arbella Insurance Foundation. ""For more than 7 years, the Arbella Insurance Foundation has been dedicated to making our streets safer by educating new drivers on the dangerous consequences of driving while distracted and we hope this initiative has encouraged drivers to re-evaluate their habits.""The app was developed by Cambridge Telematics and remains available for download in the app store. It provides feedback to drivers on five metrics for each trip that they take: rapid acceleration, harsh braking, sharp turns, at-risk speeding and phone distraction. The app logs trips while in the background on the user's phone. The driver is alerted afterwards of their score for that trip, how they did on the different factors, and provided with helpful tips to improve in the future. Even beyond this initial competition, the City of Boston and Cambridge Mobile Telematics encourage people to download the app, challenge their friends and family to be better drivers and help the city collect information that can lead to improved streets for all roadway users.""We are pleased to join Mayor Walsh and the Vision Zero Task Force on this first public-private partnership to end distracted driving and make drivers better,"" said Sam Madden, Chief Scientist at Cambridge Mobile Telematics. ""The impressive reductions in unsafe driving behaviors from the program, as well as the insights about urban planning that the city is obtaining from the anonymized and aggregated data, are making Boston's roads safer.""According to the United States Department of Transportation, 35,092 people were killed in motor vehicle crashes in 2015, a 7.2 percent increase. In the City of Boston, 22 people were killed in traffic crashes on City of Boston streets in 2016.Information on the Boston's Safest Driver Competition may be found athttps://www.boston.gov/transportation/bostons-safest-driver-competition. Information on the City of Boston's Vision Zero policy may be found atwww.visionzeroboston.org."
The Digital Team Summer Fellowship is an opportunity to work closely with City leadership and members of the Digital Team. You'llwork to improve how the Boston community interacts with government, from getting a marriage certificate to reporting a pothole. Our fellows will play a vital role in:
We will work on the renovation during off-hours and limit events in the lobby until we finish the project. The entrance for the lobby will stay open throughout the construction. We expect to complete a large amount of the project byApril 2017.In the next few weeks, the contractor we're working with will put up temporary enclosures and fencing. We plan to demolish the unused masonry desk and the lobby, and begin rough plumbing and electrical work.We have more information on the project below:
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh was honored today with the 2017 Public Leadership in the Arts Award, presented by Americans for the Arts (AFTA), the nation's leading nonprofit organization for advancing the arts and arts education, and the United States Conference of Mayors (USCM). TheNational Award for Local Arts Leadershipfor cities with a population of 100,000 or more was presented at the USCM Winter Meeting in Washington, DC.""I'm honored to be recognized for the work we are doing, ensuring Boston is a city where arts are accessible to all and where artists can thrive,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our success is a collaborative effort, bringing together government, artists, residents, businesses and philanthropic partners, working together in support of a common goal: making arts and culture a part of the fabric of everyday life in Boston.""Today's award recognizes the Mayor's work in ensuring the arts are a priority for the City. These efforts include increasing the budget of the Boston Cultural Council, creating a Cabinet-level position for arts and culture and launching Boston AIR, an artist-in-residence program within City government. In 2015, Mayor Walsh launchedBoston Creates, a cultural planning process designed to create a long-term plan for arts and culture. When the plan was unveiled in 2016, it detailed five goals designed to create a cultural shift in the city: building a sustainable arts ecosystem, supporting Boston artists, promoting cultural equity, integrating arts and culture into all aspects of civic life and engaging both likely and unlikely partners, uniting them in the goal of ensuring Boston becomes a leading city for the arts.""As a Massachusetts native and frequent visitor to Boston, I can see that the arts are alive like never before thanks to Mayor Walsh,"" said Robert L. Lynch, President and CEO of Americans for the Arts. ""His commitment to the arts is unwavering. He understands the importance of using the arts in very creative ways to help enhance the quality of life for Boston's residents, while at the same time harnessing the economic potential of investment in culture. We applaud Mayor Walsh for his leadership worthy of this recognition.""Starting with a vision of Boston as a municipal arts leader, Mayor Walsh has provided both financial support and leadership in the implementation of the Boston Creates Cultural Plan. He has announced a million-dollar investment in local artists, including creating an artist resource desk at City Hall and a new grant program to ensure artists have access to funds needed to showcase their work.His commitment to a Percent for Art program will allocate one percent of general borrowing to public art in public buildings and major infrastructure projects and he has pledged to set aside public housing units for low income artists. He has also recognized the challenges of cultural spaces in the city, playing the critical role in helping the Huntington Theatre Company stay on Huntington Avenue launching the Alternative Space Pilot program, creating collaborations between private entities and artists for rehearsal spaces and undertaking a Cultural Facilities Study, designed to help understand the current performing arts landscape and determine the best next steps for supporting, developing, and sustaining performing arts facilities.""We congratulate Mayor Walsh for his dedication to supporting advancement of the arts and artists in his city. USCM has a commitment to support leaders in the arts and Mayor Walsh is one of our strongest"" said Mitch Landrieu, Mayor of New Orleans and Vice President of the USCM. ""From expanding cultural spaces in Boston to securing investment in local artists and their work, Mayor Walsh has shown his commitment to working with partners to make the arts accessible to all Bostonians.""The Public Leadership in the Arts AwardsThe Public Leadership in the Arts Awardsare given in recognition of elected officials who advance the arts and arts education within their communities and whose vision and leadership provide heightened visibility to the value of the arts.A full list of previous winners can be found athttp://www.americansforthearts.org/Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include implementing the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester.For more information go to:www.boston.gov/departments/arts-and-culture"
"During his third State of the City addressTuesday, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the establishment of five new neighborhood-based trauma response and recovery teams that will strengthen efforts to support Boston residents impacted by violence.The Neighborhood Trauma Teams (NTT) in Dorchester, Jamaica Plain, Roxbury, Mattapan and East Boston will be managed by the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) and co-led in each neighborhood by teams consisting of a community health center and a community partner.""With the new Neighborhood Trauma Teams, in the aftermath of violence, community health centers, hospitals and community groups will now be able to coordinate immediate response and sustained recovery for all those affected,"" said Mayor Walsh.""Together, we'll break the cycle of violence and heal our city.""This model was designed with feedback from a community engagement process that included 14 listening sessions hosted by BPHC, during which BPHC staff heard from more than 350 residents about what their individual and community needs have been following a violent or traumatic event.""Through this new partnership, the City, community-based organizations and community health centers will work together to ensure continuity of care for residents and communities from the moment that we respond to incidents of violence through the ongoing provision of behavioral health services,"" said BPHC Executive Director Monica Valdes Lupi, JD, MPH. ""We're grateful to have support on this effort from from Children's Hospital Boston and Partners HealthCare System. Their resources have made it possible to build on our existing trauma response efforts to best serve our communities' needs.""The NTTs are supported through a combination of City funding and grants from Boston Children's Hospital Boston and Partners HealthCare System. The teams were selected through a competitive RFP process. The three grants to support Neighborhood Trauma Teams inRoxbury, Dorchester, and Jamaica Plain have already been awarded. Two additional grants will be awarded inMarch to fund the teams in East Boston and Mattapan.The Justice Resource Institute's SMART Team will provide a 24-hour hotline for residents seeking support and will provide citywide trauma response services for neighborhoods that do not have a funded team. This mobile team will also support the five funded teams with backup care as needed.The currently funded teams include:This new NTT model builds on existing trauma resources, programs, and services, including the Violence, Intervention & Prevention (VIP) neighborhood coalitions. BPHC engages with residents through five VIP coalitions to design and implement violence prevention strategies at the community level. VIP works with residents to develop strategies to prevent violence where they live by providing support for resident-led coalitions, promoting youth engagement in positive activities, and creating opportunities to develop leadership.The NTTs will add to the efforts of VIP by supporting the healing of residents following a traumatic event. NTTs will offer immediate individual and family support and ongoing access to evidence-based trauma treatment. The teams will conduct community outreach and engagement to make sure residents know how to access services, and will host community meetings to share safety information and provide safe spaces for groups to come together for healing."
The Boston Womens March for America is scheduled to take place on Saturday, January 21, 2017. The event will begin at 11 a.m.with a speaking program on the Boston Common prior to the march itself stepping off at 12:30 p.m. Traffic and parking will be impacted in the vicinity of the Boston Common and the Back Bay. Those coming into the City to participate in the event are asked to leave their vehicles at home and take the MBTA. Information on service may be found on the MBTA's website. We createda map of the march route and parking restrictions here:Map of route and parking restrictionsThe following traffic and parking plan may be revised by the Boston Police Department at any time as necessary. The planned route for the march is:As organizers anticipate that thousands of people will attend, drivers should expect that streets along the route will be impassable from 12 - 2 p.m. It may also be necessary to restrict traffic from Charles Street, between Boylston and Beacon Streets, earlier than noon. We encouragedrivers to seek alternate routes.In addition, Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday temporary parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that he will file comprehensive education finance reform legislation at the State House that aims to invest equitably in public education and expand access to high-quality education for students of all ages.""I believe deeply in public education and I will continue to fight for more resources for our students and our schools,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""We are working every day to close opportunity and achievement gaps, meet the diverse needs of every kind of student and make our district schools top choices for every family in every neighborhood. I am committed to working with our partners on Beacon Hill to fix education funding formulas and getting every student on a pathway to success from pre-kindergarten through college and career, and I want to thank our legislative partners for their willingness to sponsor and support these reforms.""Boston Public Schools recently completed a Long-Term Financial Plan that identified 10 big ideas to unlock resources in the Boston Public Schools. The advisory committee identified a series of possible savings within the district that are now underway. To date, this has included streamlining the district's central office, maximizing efficiencies in transportation, and negotiating for a responsible Boston Teachers Union contract. This will help address the district's fiscal challenges and allow for funding to be reinvested in its students. In addition, the Plan identified that stagnant state education revenue, combined with steeply growing education assessments, will continue to contribute to the district's fiscal challenges.Based on these findings, Mayor Walsh is recommending comprehensive education finance reform legislation that would increase annual available funding for Boston by $35 million for increased investment in education in its first year of implementation. The package would fix the broken charter school finance model, expand the use of the Massachusetts School Building Authority, more fully fund the cost of the Commonwealth's highest need students, and redirect existing tax revenue produced in Boston back to its residents. In addition, if the legislature substantially increases investment in education through a new revenue source, the Mayor's Chapter 70 Education Aid proposal positions Boston to receive a portion of the new funding, and to receive an additional $150 million annually for Boston students within several years.""Mayor Walsh is proposing a set of needed legislative changes that better ensure Boston students - whether they go to district or charter schools - get the resources that support quality education,"" said Julia Mejia, Founder of the Collaborative Parent Leadership Action Network. ""Collaboration and accountability across district and charter schools is important to me and the parents I serve. I'm glad the Mayor is supporting legislation for district and charter schools to partner on supporting students with disabilities. I am also encouraged by the school financing proposals and look forward to learning more about his vision to create a more equitable and sustainable funding mechanism. Ultimately our children should come above all.""The bills in the Mayor's legislative agenda on education include:""The Mayor's proposal to move forward with Universal Pre-K in Boston, and his creative idea for funding using Convention Center surpluses, is a powerful step toward making sure we address achievement gaps as early as possible,"" said former State Representative and president of Bessie Tartt Wilson Initiative for Children Marie St. Fleur. ""I am encouraged that consistent with the work of the Kids First Task Force the Mayor will focus on expanding quality Pre-K seats in the city by funding both school-based seats and seats in community settings. This is the only way that we can ensure that parents have broad access to the best pre-K instruction and that we draw fully on the strength of all of Boston's early learning providers.""Mayor Walsh's legislative agenda on education is part of the Walsh Administration's comprehensive effort to expand opportunity to education opportunity for students of all ages. Since 2014, Mayor Walsh has increased funding to BPS by $93 million to support important programs and improve students' futures.Notable investments include:"
Thank you, everyone.To my mother Mary, brother John, and Lorrie: thank you for your love and support. Governor [Charles] Baker President [Stanley] Rosenberg, Speaker [Robert] DeLeo, members of Congress, the State Legislature, and the Boston City Council, and everyone here in Symphony Hall or watching at home: Good evening.* * *Three years ago, you gave me the honor of serving as Mayor of the City I love.At my inauguration I pledged to listen, to learn, and to lead, because we are in this together. Tonight, Im proud to say we are still listening, learning, and leading and because of all our work  together  the state of our City is stronger than its ever been in our history.We are stronger not just because of what weve done, but because of who we are. We are a City that believes every single person deserves an equal chance to thrive. And when we stand together, theres nothing we cant achieve. We dont wait for a better future, we create it.Thats the City that made me who I am: a son of immigrants, who needed a second chance, and got to live his dream by serving you, the people of Boston. Everything I do as mayor, and the plan Ill share with you tonight, is to make sure every Bostonian can follow their dreams.* * *Look how far we've come together in 3 years.We added 60,000 jobs and cut unemployment to 2.4%, the lowest on record. Were bringing opportunity to the entire City.We tackled our housing shortage by building 19,000 homes, a record 7,400 for low- and middle-income families. Rents are stabilizing.We made the Boston Public Schools the best theyve ever been and the best of any city in the country. Last year, 21 more schools reached Level 1 or 2 status. High school and college graduation rates are at all-time highs.We brought violent crime down by 9%, property crime down by 16%, and, just as important, arrests are down 25% since 2014. As I said last year, we make Boston safer not by locking people up but by lifting people up.Tonight, 1,052 Bostonians who used to live on the streets are in their own homes with the services they need to succeed. We ended chronic veterans homelessness. And were ending all chronic homelessness by 2018.We believe in all of Bostons people.We made City governments leadership and workforce more reflective of our diversity than its ever been.We added early voting locations across the City and registered more than 30,000 new voters.Were delivering better City services than ever before, with a state-of-the-art website, a multi-platform 311 system, and a performance dashboard called CityScore.Were making Boston a fiber optic city. 27,000 families have new internet and cable options in Dorchester, Roxbury, Roslindale, and West Roxbury. The rest of the City is on the way.We are Americas climate champion, with a target date of 2050 for going 100% carbon-neutral.Weve grown together in 3 years.Our population is up nearly 30,000 people, to a 50-year high.We advanced 35 million square feet of new living and working space, spanning every neighborhood of our City. Women and men are hard at work building $6.5 billion worth of it right now, from Brighton to Hyde Park.Were ranked the best city for startups and a leader in venture capital success. We brought the startup economy to the neighborhoods, beginning with the Roxbury Innovation Center. We built Bostons first citywide system of small business support, and were encouraging worker-owned co-ops.We made Boston a global headquarters City  a world leader in innovation, life sciences, finance, and law. Weve also become Americas shoe capital, home to New Balance, Converse, Reebok, Puma, and M. Gemi.Were making sure everyone shares in this success.We secured Bostons first perfect triple-A bond ratings, and sustained them for 3 years running. This year, we gave Boston homeowners one of the biggest tax cuts in modern memory.For senior citizens, we upped the water discount to 30%, we got better deals for internet and cable, and we provided more than 700 elderly homeowners with home repairs or new heating systems.Were replacing half the Boston Fire Departments fleet, and building Bostons first new firehouses in 30 years.We organized 179 companies to close the gender wage gap and we trained 3,000 women to negotiate their own higher pay.We renovated 61 parks and playgrounds. And Im proposing to use $100 million from the sale of the Winthrop Square Garage downtown to strengthen our neighborhoods. That money will go to revitalizing public housing in East Boston and South Boston, major investments in Franklin Park and Boston Common, and finally completing the original plan for the Emerald Necklace.Culture in Boston is flourishing.We completed a spectacular Central Library renovation in the Back Bay. We are now investing $90 million in neighborhood branch libraries all across the City. And I can announce tonight that we listened to the community, and we are finally bringing library services back to the Chinatown neighborhood.We lifted restrictions on live music and outdoor dining. Weve got more new and diverse restaurants than Bostons ever seen. We lit up City Hall and turned the Plaza into a winter wonderland.We created the first cultural plan in a generation. We put arts funding in our capital budget. And we helped save the Huntington and Colonial theaters.* * *I want to thank the dedicated public employees who make our progress possible.They are community builders like Aisha Johnson at Inspectional Services, who helps residents and businesses resolve the toughest conflicts.They are selfless workers like Daniel Ross of the Parks Department. Daniel found a man having a seizure, placed his coat over him, and held him until the ambulance arrived.They are role models like Francisco Melgar, a street worker who came from El Salvador at the age of 13, and now devotes his life to East Bostons youth.And they are heroes like Boston Police Officers Richard Cintolo and Matthew Morris, wounded putting their lives on the line to protect residents in East Boston.They are all here tonight please join me in saluting them.* * *Weve made historic progress. And were just getting started.Together weve built the foundation. Now were ready to soar. For the first time in half a century, Boston is a City with a plan. Imagine Boston 2030, a plan drafted by thousands of Bostonians, will shape growth to benefit all our residents for decades to come.Lets start with jobs. When we pitched Boston as the worlds innovation leader, G.E. and many others responded. Our goal is more than new logos in the skyline. Its good jobs and job training for all.Were developing a high-tech manufacturing sector that provides just that. In robotics, 3-D printing, medical devices, and more, employers are coming, they are growing, they are hiring. And, at our request, they are in our schools, helping young people get ready for those jobs.Were taking it citywide. Were going to make the Fairmount Line a jobs corridor, with affordable housing, through the heart of our city from Newmarket, to Roxbury, Dorchester, Mattapan, Hyde Park, and Readville.People talk about bringing back manufacturing. We are doing it, and doing it the right way, with the jobs of the future and the preparation our young people need to build it.* * *Boston is a City for everyone. Whatever your age, whatever your income, whatever your dream: you should be able to make a home here.Thats why we set, and are surpassing, our historic housing goals in every income bracket. Were working with residents to identify the right places for growth. Planning in South Boston, Jamaica Plain, Dorchester, and Roxbury will strengthen existing communities and create vibrant new ones.Were helping people stay in their homes and neighborhoods. We created an Office of Housing Stability. And our Home Center helped more first-time buyers achieve their dreams, and more existing homeowners avoid foreclosure, than ever before.Moving forward, we are preparing historic investments in affordable housing. Already, weve invested $100 million. Our new requirements on developers call for another $45 million from recent project approvals. With backing from Bostons voters, we adopted the Community Preservation Act. I want to take a moment to thank all of you for another $20 million a year in affordable housing, open space, and historic preservation.This year well advance creative ways to lower costs, from compact units to community land trusts. And well file 5 bills at the State House protecting residents from displacement.Were going to use every tool at our disposal to keep Boston a city of neighborhoods and a city for everyone.* * *Getting from good homes to good jobs depends on good transportation. In our dynamic City, traffic is a challenge for drivers, cyclists, and walkers alike.Its a challenge were confronting. While people are talking about infrastructure, were taking action. Already we upgraded Uphams Corner, broke ground on a redesigned Commonwealth Avenue from Allston to Fenway, and are completing Central Square in East Boston.Weve now secured $300 million to take it citywide. We are working with residents to transform Rutherford Ave. and Sullivan Square in Charlestown North Washington St. Bridge in the North End Melnea Cass Boulevard in Roxbury and the South End and the Northern Avenue Bridge at Fort Point Channel.In addition, I can announce a plan to bring cutting-edge traffic-light technology to Bostons busiest streets. Weve all been there: you hit one red light, you seem to hit them all. New signals will adapt to traffic in real time and work together to keep it flowing.In a city on the move, the streets should work for everyone. Our Vision Zero safety plan aims to end fatalities on our roads. We are installing protected bike lanes Downtown and in the Back Bay. Were revitalizing crosswalks and lane markings. Were piloting self-driving cars. And I want to thank the Boston City Council for taking the life-saving step of lowering Bostons default speed limit to 25 miles per hour citywide.The people of Boston also deserve public transit that works. I applaud the Carmens Union and the governor for an agreement that puts the MBTA on stronger fiscal footing. Now its time for a comprehensive, fully funded plan to move the T into the 21st century. That means better commuter rail service, including the Fairmount Line. It means smarter bus routes and dependable trains. And it means new connections for neighborhoods like Mattapan to job hubs like Longwood Medical Area in Mission Hill.Boston and Massachusetts economy needs this. Lets work together to get it done.* * *Public schools are the foundation of equal opportunity. But in Boston, as recently as 3 years ago, students faced steep barriers: not enough pre-kindergarten seats for 4-year-olds one of the shortest school days in the country schools built before World War II and the struggle to get to college and pay for it.Im proud to say we are replacing these barriers with bridges into college and career. Today, 725 more children are in high-quality, free pre-kindergarten classrooms. We extended the school day, giving kindergarten through 8th grade students 120 more hours of learning time, or the equivalent of 20 added school days a year. Thank you to the teachers, principals, and parents who made it possible. This year well complete the $73 million Dearborn STEM Academy in Roxbury. And for Boston Public School graduates, we secured free tuition at Bunker Hill, Roxbury, and Mass Bay Community Colleges.Were making great progress. But theres plenty of room for improvement. The gaps that remain come in the shape of race, language, and need. Equity demands bold solutions.Thats why, this week, I will file legislation to finally eliminate the opportunity gap in early education, and, for the first time in Bostons history, offer free, high-quality pre-kindergarten to every single 4-year-old in our City. Our proposal is funded by tourism taxes, already paid in Boston, that produce the annual surplus in the Convention Center Fund. Its only fair that Bostons success benefits all Bostons children.In addition: in the coming weeks, we will release a 10-year Facilities Plan, Build BPS. That means, tonight, I can announce that we will invest $1 billion in Bostons school buildings. We will create high-quality 21st-century classrooms for every student, connected to every neighborhood, college, and workplace in our City.Boston is entering a new era of school investment. So, once again, I urge everyone to come together for our students. We are committed to working with our partners on Beacon Hill to fix education aid and charter school funding. But we need district and charter schools to learn from each other, not turn on each other. And we need everyone to understand that better buildings and grade configurations means changing the status quo. We all need to trust in our shared values. If we do, we can solve urban education in Boston and for America.* * *I tell students: the path to your dreams isnt a straight line. And you dont walk it by yourself.Everyone struggles and needs help. The opioid crisis brings this home. I want to thank the Legislature and the Governor for passing fourpieces of legislation, last session, aimed at saving lives.Addiction is a cunning and baffling disease. But recovery begins with a simple plea for help. Thats why we turned our 311 system into a 24-hour recovery hotline, so were always ready to answer that call. Tonight I have a message for everyone watching: if you or your loved one has a problem with drugs or alcohol in the City of Boston, call 311 right now. We are here to help. Don't suffer alone.* * *I ask everyone to reach out and be there for your neighbors. The bonds we forge make our City stronger.Thats why were one of the safest big cities in the country and getting safer every year. I want to thank the young people, the Boston police officers, the clergy, the parents and grandparents, the street workers, the job trainers, the foundations and nonprofits  for your courageous and relentless relationship-building.Together weve forged the most comprehensive and collaborative public safety strategy in the history of our City. Last year, Boston Police officers took 777 guns off the street and shootings were down by 6%.But the work is far from over. We had 45 homicides in our City last year. Thats unacceptable. One is too many. And zero is our goal. To get there we have to keep digging up the roots of violence and sowing the seeds of opportunity.In Operation Exit and Professional Pathways, were helping young people get the hope, the skills, and the jobs they need to leave the streets behind.We brought back the Boston Police Cadet program. Our first class is the most diverse ever, with 70% people of color, 33% women, and 100% Boston residents. They are here with us tonight.Now I can announce another vital step: we have created Neighborhood Trauma Teams in Roxbury, Dorchester, Jamaica Plain, East Boston, and Mattapan. In the aftermath of violence, health centers, hospitals, and community groups will coordinate immediate response and sustained recovery for all those affected. Together well break the cycle of suffering and violence and bring healing to our City.* * *My plan is clear. It's:In other words: a city with its values written into its DNA a city that lifts everyone as it rises and a city with a future even greater than our past.* * *I got a glimpse of that future in the Town Hall forum on race we held in November.The conversations were not easy. Healing never is. But two young Bostonians named Kendra [Gerald] and Dante [Omorogbe] lifted our hearts. They spoke with honesty and with hope. In them, I saw and felt our Citys core strength. They are here and Id like to thank them.They are not alone. Across our City, young people just starting out are breaking down barriers and lifting others as they rise.The fact is: we dont get far by ourselves. But together we can move mountains. In divided times, its never been more true. The power of our values is real. What were achieving in Boston is said to be impossible nationally:Were fighters in Boston. We dont know the word impossible. But we didnt win these victories by fighting against each other. We won them by fighting for each other. Shoulder to shoulder, hand in hand.Forging relationships, following through, and never quitting. Knowing that, if we share the same values, we will always have common ground to stand on  and to build on.* * *Tomorrow I travel to the U.S. Conference of Mayors.I will work with my fellow mayors to move our cities forward and tackle Americas hardest challenges. Cities are the engines of opportunity, drivers of innovation, and safety nets for the vulnerable. Cities are also gateways for new Americans  like my mother and father and 28% of Bostonians today. We dont just welcome immigrants in Boston, we help them thrive. And we wont retreat an inch.In a time of uncertainty, we will step forward with confidence in our values. With trust in government at an all-time low, we prove that government can work for all the people. At a time when cities must lead, Boston is the leader of cities.Whatever happens nationally, I will fight for our values. I will fight for our families. I will fight for our seniors and our children, for our veterans, our immigrants, and those with disabilities. I will fight for good jobs, public schools, and affordable housing, for racial justice and equal rights. And I will never stop fighting for recovery.We are in this together, and we will fight every day for each other, for Boston, and for all of its people. God Bless You. God Bless the City of Boston. God Bless the United States of America.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh tonight delivered his third State of the City address at Symphony Hall, sharing historic progress in broadening economic opportunity, keeping Boston accessible for all residents, and expanding opportunities to high-quality education. In his address, Mayor Walsh reaffirmed his commitment to lead ""a city that lifts everyone as it rises,"" and announced plans to invest in new and existing schools, allocate more money for affordable housing and open space, upgrade infrastructure to fix traffic and double down on community-driven public safety.""Because of our work together, Boston is stronger than it has ever been in our history,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""We are a city that believes every single person deserves an equal chance to thrive and, when we stand together, there's nothing we can't achieve.""Watch the entire State of the City address here.Investing Equitably in Public Education, Eliminating the Opportunity GapIn his remarks, Mayor Walsh stated that public schools are the foundation of equal opportunity and recalled barriers that faced students as recently as three years ago, including lack of pre-kindergarten seats, the shortest school day in the country and aging school facilities. Since 2014, the Walsh Administration successfully prioritized expanded access to high-quality education byextending the school day in 57 schoolsserving over 23,000 students,investing in hundreds more pre-kindergarten seatsacross the city andlaunching a free college tuition programfor BPS students at Bunker Hill, Roxbury and Mass Bay Community Colleges.In his address, the Mayor announced:$1 billion investment in new schools to supportBuildBPS, the unprecedented school facilities master planning process that will help transform school buildings in every neighborhood into state-of-the-art educational facilities.Comprehensive legislation to bring an estimated $35 million of increased investment in education to Boston by fixing the charter school finance model and fully funding the cost of educating the highest need students.Legislative proposal to eliminate the opportunity gap in early childhood education by offering high-quality, free pre-kindergarten for every four-year-old for the first time in Boston's history by redirecting existing tax revenue produced in Boston back to its residents.Bringing Opportunity to the Entire CityA comprehensive effort by the Walsh Administration to create jobs and broaden opportunity for all residents has resulted in an additional 60,000 jobs and cut the unemployment rate to 2.4%, the lowest on record.A record 7,400 homes were built for low and middle income familiesand1,052 formerly homeless were housedand provided the services they need to succeed.Proposing $100 million from the sale of the Winthrop Square Garage downtown to revitalize public housing in East Boston and South Boston to improve Franklin Park and Boston Common, and to complete the original plan for the Emerald Necklace.Bringing library services back to the Chinatown neighborhood, located at the China Trade Center, which will provide services such as computer access, book-checkouts and educational support.Making the entire 8-mile Fairmount Line a jobs corridor with affordable housing.Filing legislationthis week to protect residents from displacement.Making a Stronger, Safer City through CommunityMayor Walsh is committed to creating safer neighborhoods by doubling down on community-driven public safety strategy. Since 2014, violent crime is down 9%, property crime is down 16% and arrests are down 25%. Last year, shootings were down 6%, which is a drop of 16% from the 10-year average. In an effort to increase diversity, Mayor Walsh funded the return of the Police Cadet program, with 70% people of color, 33% women and 100% Boston residents in the first class.Creating Neighborhood Trauma Teams in Roxbury, Dorchester, Mattapan, East Boston and Jamaica Plain to coordinate immediate response and sustained recovery for all those affected in the aftermath of violence.Upgrading Infrastructure to Fix TrafficSafe and reliable modes of transportation are key to a strong economy. To address traffic challenges, Mayor Walsh has upgraded Uphams Corner, broke ground on aredesigned Commonwealth Avenuefrom Brighton to Allston to Fenway, and focused on completing Central Square in East Boston.Secured $300 million to address traffic challenges citywide and working with residents to transform traffic flow.Cutting-edge traffic-light technology to Boston's busiest streets that will allow for adjusted signal timing at intersections based on real-time traffic conditions and result in fewer stops at red lights, less traffic congestion and reduced emissions.Called for a comprehensive, fully-funded plan to move the T into the 21st century with better commuter rail service, bus routes and dependable trains."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Fire Commissioner Joseph E. Finn today unveiled the latest additions to the Boston Fire Department's (BFD) fleet at a dedication ceremony at the Engine 14 and Ladder 4 firehouse in Dudley Square, Roxbury. Five new Emergency One 100 Foot Rear Mount Metro Ladders were officially put into service at a ceremony that also included a blessing of the fleet by Assistant Chaplain Rev. Carl Thompson.""These new ladders show the City of Boston's commitment not just to public safety, but to firefighters' profession,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Often residents don't think of firefighters until there's a tragedy -- but protecting our city is what first responders do every day. These new ladders will help ensure the security of our entire City, and represent a major investment in Boston's public safety capabilities.""These ladders join four previously delivered ladders, completing the delivery of nine new ladder trucks for the BFD. With nine out of 20 ladders replaced, almost 50 percent of Boston's ladder trucks have been replaced within one year.The five new trucks will be assigned to: Ladder 4 to Roxbury, Ladder 17 to the South End, Ladder 18 to South Boston, Ladder 21 to East Boston and Ladder 29 to Mattapan.The four earlier ladders were Ladder 7 to Dorchester, Ladder 11 to Brighton, Ladder 19 to South Boston and Ladder 25 to West Roxbury. The total capital cost of these nine ladders was a $6.9 million investment.""My thanks to Mayor Walsh for his continued support of the Boston Fire Department,"" said Commissioner Finn. ""These new ladders will allow our firefighters to respond safely and quickly to incidents. Great thought went into their design and maneuverability to meet the challenges of a city like Boston: these ladders have a smaller wheelbase to increase their turning capability they have a shorter jacking system to decrease the time needed to raise the aerial ladder and they are much lighter and have vastly improved vision systems to assist the driver.""In addition to these nine new ladder trucks, the Boston Fire Department will be ordering 23 new engines, and training 50 new recruits at the Boston Fire Academy, all of whom are veterans. Boston is continuing its investment in public safety through the construction of a new Engine 42 Fire Station in Egleston Square, one of two new firehouses built in Boston in the last 30 years."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that he will submit a package of legislation at the State House to address displacement of Boston residents from their homes. The five-bill package, sponsored bySenators DiDomenico, Dorcena Forry, and Boncore, along with Representatives Honan, Cullinane and Tyler,seeks to help existing tenants remain in their home by expanding tenants' rights, rewarding good landlords, and creating additional funding for affordable housing.""Even as Boston sees historic levels of housing being built, we must make sure that no one is left behind. The people who have built this city into the thriving, attractive place it is today must be able to remain in their homes and neighborhoods, and we will not stop until we have significant protections in place for them,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I want to thank the legislators who took the lead on these bills for their wisdom in recognizing that displacement is not just a Boston problem, but also a statewide issue. I look forward to working with the State Legislature to ensure these bills are passed so that we can better protect our citizens' abilities to remain in their homes.""The bills in the Mayor's legislative package include:An Act to Promote Homelessness Prevention in MassachusettsSponsored by Senator Sal N. DiDomenico, this bill will make legal representation in eviction proceedings a right, rather than an option. If a tenant can not afford his or her own attorney, one will be appointed by the Massachusetts Committee for Public Counsel Services. By offering tenants a higher likelihood of success in eviction proceedings by requiring legal representation, this bill will not only assist with housing and economic stability for families and individuals, but will also help alleviate homelessness by diverting people from having to enter the emergency shelter system.Currently, only seven percent of tenants brought to Boston Housing Court receive some type of legal assistance while a majority of landlords have representation.An Act Relative to Zoning in the City of BostonSponsored by Representative Kevin Honan, this legislation would allow the City to amend the zoning code, protecting the Inclusionary Development Policy (IDP) a critical policy that raise funds for affordable housing. The legislation would allow the city to add an Inclusionary Zoning Article to the zoning code, codifying the City's long-standing Inclusionary Zoning Policy (IDP). Currently, the policy is triggered when a residential development project of 10 or more units needs a zoning variance. As the zoning code is updated and areas of the city are rezoned, the proposed Inclusionary Zoning Article would ensure that IDP continues to apply and affordable units are created based on the size of the project and not the need for zoning relief. The Jim Brooks Community Stabilization ActSponsored by Representative Chynah Tyler, this home rule petition would codify conditions under which landlords can evict a tenant or former homeowner living in their foreclosed unit. In addition, the petition also creates requirements for landlords to notify the City in case of eviction, allowing the City's Office of Housing Stability to proactively reach out to tenants to inform them of their rights.Several exemptions are built into the proposed petition to protect landlords for example, any units owned by a small landlord who is a Massachusetts resident owning fewer than seven rental units are exempt, as is temporary or transitional housing such as substance use treatment, recovery programs, and transitional housing for homeless individuals.An Act Regarding Right of First Refusal in the Event of Foreclosure and Short SalesSponsored by Senator Linda Dorcena Forry and Representative Daniel Cullinane, this bill will allow tenants and non-profits a right of first refusal to purchase properties subject to foreclosure or short sale at fair market value. Lenders will be required to notify the City and tenants of the foreclosure.This will help achieve the Walsh administration's goal of reducing displacement by affording renters and non-profits access to a property before it is placed on the fast-moving and competitive open market.An Act Regarding State Income Tax Credit for Renting Unsubsidized Properties at Below Market RentsSponsored by Senator Joseph Boncore and Representative Kevin Honan, this bill incentivizes landlords to charge below-market rents by providing an income tax credit of $1,500 for landlords who provide unsubsidized units at below-market rents to qualifying households. Establishing an incentive for landlords to maintain affordable rents is an important tool that can keep long term residents in their neighborhoods and can support long term social and financial stability for residents.These proposals will be filed next week at the State House with the exception of the Jim Brooks Community Stabilization Act and an Act Relative to Zoning in the City of Boston because both require approval of the Boston City Council require before State action can be taken.Mayor Walsh's legislative agenda is part of the Walsh administration's comprehensive anti-displacement strategy. After announcing its formation in the 2016 State of the City speech, the Office of Housing Stability, the first of its kind in the nation, formally opened in November. The office is charged with researching the impacts of displacement in Boston, assisting tenants in danger of displacement, and promulgating new policies designed to prevent further displacement in the city.In 2016, the Walsh administration also launched the Acquisition Opportunity Program, through which the City pre-qualifies non-profit organizations for funding so they may more quickly respond when affordably-priced properties come on the open market. To date, sales have closed in East Boston, Roslindale, and Dorchester.To further protect residents from losing their homes, the City's Boston Home Center also operates a nationally-respected foreclosure prevention program since 2014, this program has helped 579 homeowners and 348 tenant households. "
Imagine Boston 2030 Week was designed to give all Bostonians exclusive access to the initiatives detailed in our draft plan and the City officials who are working to make them a reality. In total, we hosted seven events between November 30 and December 5, from Roxbury to Eastie, Allston to Southie. In case you missed it, heres a recap of all of the action:To kick off #IB2030Week, we embarked on a walking tour of Dudley Square, one of Bostons most dynamic neighborhoods. Venturing from Hibernian Hall to the Dudley Cafe, we discussed the areas evolution and the opportunities toEnhance Neighborhoodswith job growth and training, in addition to strategic preservation, affordability, and connectivity.. One participant described the tour as upbeat and informative a good mix of interests. We couldnt agree more. Even with the rain, Imagine Boston 2030 Weeks tour of Dudley Square was a huge hit!Later on, residents congregated at the Bolling Building in Roxbury to chat with City leaders about how we can prepare learners of all ages for quality careers and create multiple pathways to success. The informed and articulate panel (as one resident described it) fielded a variety of questions on how the Cityplansto implement a more holistic instructional program across Bostons school system.All aboard!Day 2 of #IB2030Week showcased a ride along the MBTAs Fairmount Line. Leaving from South Station, riders engaged with City leaders on the issues the Fairmount Corridor faces and the how Imagine Bostons taking action area,Generating Networks of Opportunity,offerssome solutions to address them. Participants learned that the City seeks coordinated investments that will expand opportunity for residents by strengthening connections between neighborhoods along the Fairmount line and existing and emerging economic centers, including Newmarket, Widett, Readville and the South Boston Waterfront.The cold didnt stop a large crowd of city goers from turning out to a comprehensive walking tour of Bostons high-rise areas on Friday, December 2. Weaving their way through Downtown Crossing, the Theater District, Chinatown, the Leather District, and South Station, residents talked about how these areas have historically evolved and what may be up next. City leaders discussed how Imagine Bostons vision toEncourage Mixed-Use Job Centerswhere additional housing and amenities make the commercial core livable, not just workable. Residents reinforced the areas quality access to public transit and emphasized the need for more quality of life improvements.#IB2030Week enthusiasts got a good walk in on Saturday as we kicked off the morning with a journey from Franklin Park to Moakley Park. During the walk, City leaders were able to explain their vision to connect Bostons neighborhoods and open spaces most readily with thecompletion of the Emerald Necklaceto create a complete system of green spaces by 2030. Jim OConnell, Ph.D, representative of the National Park Service commented how eye-opening the event was. He praised the fact that the proposed Columbia Road Greenway would not only connect the two parks that started and ended the walk, but would create a continuous amenity for the neighborhoods abutting it.Later in the afternoon, a walk to Beacon Yards from Allston Village turned out a number of Bostonians eager to find out what the future plans for the former rail yard, Beacon Yards, might one day be through the concept ofExpanding Neighborhoods. Overall, attendees learned that the surrounding existing neighborhoods would be expanded and enhanced to improve neighborhood vitality, services and affordability. As one Allston resident commented:I loved being surrounded by community and walking through the neighborhood/hearing about the emerging projects! Was glad to see Julie Burros [Chief of Arts & Culture] there because the murals in Allston are one of its best attributes.On a crisp, clear Sunday morning, a large group of Bostonians boarded a Boston ferry for a tour of the Boston Harbor to hear about the evolution of Bostons waterfront. Attendees engaged with City officials by asking about proposals for development and the future of City-owned land in waterfront neighborhoods.Creating a Waterfront for Future Generationsshowcases all of the ways in which the City of Bostonexpresses the need for strategic investments in climate protection, open spaces, and new job centers along the water. One East Boston resident described it as an enjoyable and informative community event that served as a great introduction to the climate issues facing the City.The final #IB2030Week event brought together Imagine Boston 2030 and the Boston Planning and Development Agency Research Department at the Mattapan Health Center for a joint conversation on Bostons population trends and what they can tell us about our future as we plan for 2030. In general, Bostonians were fascinated by the rate of in-migration that prove Bostons population is growing faster than in recent memory.Overall, we hope that Imagine Boston 2030 Week provided residents with an opportunity to learn more about Imagine Bostons first draft document,Expanding Opportunity, and to talk Bostons officials about the future of the City. Expanding Opportunity is adraftand we continue seeking feedback! Please submit your ideas, thoughts, and feedbackhere!We would like to thank all of the community partners that helped to make these events possible!Wed also like to thank all of the community organizations that were present and all of the people who participated in this eventful week.We look forward to your continued feedback as we move toward the 2017 release of the next draft. As always, we ask you to share your ideas and connect with us onTwitter,Facebook, andInstagramusing#ImagineBoston.
"Tania is a skilled professional who brings a wealth of knowledge and experience in working with both public and private sector entities to this role, and I am excited to have her on board as the Diversity Outreach Director, said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm proud of the steps we've taken and the progress we've made to make sure the City's workforce is reflective of the City itself, and I am confident that Tania's expertise will help bring us one step closer towards achieving our diversity goals.""As the Diversity Outreach Director, Tania will be responsible for outreach and recruitment efforts to the community at large to promote diversity in Boston developing and maintaining relationships with businesses, nonprofits, educational and religious organizations compiling, tracking and reviewing diversity statistics and serving as a point of contact for both internal and external audiences in regards to their hiring and recruitment efforts.""I'm tremendously excited to join the City of Boston and the Mayor's effort to make opportunities equally available for people from all demographic groups, and to ensure that our workforce can reflect Boston's richly diverse population,"" said Del Rio. ""It is a mission that I deeply care about and hope to make much progress towards in this new role.""Prior to joining the City's Office of Diversity,Tania Del Rio served as the Head of the Protection and Community Affairs Departments at the Consulate of Mexico in Boston. In that role, she focused on ensuring the rights of immigrants in New England were protected, and collaborated with community leaders to amplify their advocacy efforts. This work put her in contact with people from a broad range of experiences, including prison populations, children and youth, faith-based and cultural organizations, as well as private sector partners.She also worked with the Mexican Ministry of Foreign Affairs on using data to produce a diagnostic and recommendations for increasing gender diversity in the Foreign Service.Tania holds a Master in Public Policy degree from the Harvard Kennedy School of Government and a Bachelor of Arts from New York University. She currently resides in East Boston with her family.The City of Boston's Office of Diversity is committed to ensuring a diverse government workforce in order to more effectively provide services to every neighborhood, resident and business owner.Today's announcement builds on Mayor Walsh's commitment to increasing diversity in our City's workforce. Mayor Walsh first announced the Office of Diversity in December 2014 to lead the Mayor's diversity agenda, including the ongoing development and delivery of the City's diversity goals and objectives in the areas of hiring, leadership and career development, diversity training, strategic planning, recruitment and retention.Since that time, under the leadership of Mayor Walsh, the City has:Visit the Mayor's Office of Diversity for more information."
When you face difficult life experiences, feelings of sadness, hurt, loneliness, stress, or anger can strike. You feel upset. These feelings may linger longer than youd like, but you can still function and get back to your normal self. The staff at the Employee Assistance Programhave some thoughts on helping you bounce back faster and achieve new personal heights.
"BOSTON - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced recent capital improvements to three of its iconic buildings completed by City of Boston Public Facilities Department will yield nearly $50,000 in annual utility savings for the lifetime of the installed improvements at the Central Library in Copley Square, City Hall and 26 Court Street. The project will also eliminate over 140 tons of greenhouse gas emissions each year, which is equivalent to removing more than 40 cars from the road for a year.""I am proud Boston is leading by example in pursuing environmentally-friendly, sustainable and cost-saving options for our improvement projects,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These improvements are a win-win effort, and I look forward to continuing our collaborative efforts with utility partners to continue making progress towards becoming a more energy efficient city.""Boston's Public Facilities Department partnered with Eversource on the comprehensive building infrastructure and energy efficiency upgrade projects, with Eversource providing technical expertise and helping the City secure Mass Save program incentives to offset the overall cost of the upgrades to the three buildings.""Eversource has been working closely with the City of Boston on innovative projects to make the City more energy efficient for many years,"" said Tilak Subrahmanian, Vice President of Energy Efficiency at Eversource. ""We commend Mayor Walsh and city leaders for demonstrating Boston's commitment to energy efficiency, and providing cities and towns across the country with a model they can follow.""Last year, Mayor Walsh and the City's Public Facilities Department unveiled new high-efficiency LED exterior lighting on Boston's City Hall. The new fixtures wash the building in a warm white light, and also have the capability of projecting a wide-range of color options, which allows the City to light the building to acknowledge a variety of civic and celebratory events. The Public Facilities Department saved $30,000 on the installation through a Mass Save utility efficiency incentive, and expects to achieve $12,000 in energy savings annually.During 2016, the Walsh Administration and Eversource also completed energy efficiency projects at the Central Library's Johnson Building, and additional projects at 26 Court Street. The energy efficiency upgrades installed in the Central Library's Johnson Building qualified to receive a $57,000 Mass Save incentive. Those improvements to the building's interior lighting and HVAC controls are expected to save the City $22,000 annually in reduced energy costs. The installation of five high-efficiency condensing boilers at 26 Court Street received a $50,000 Mass Save energy efficiency incentive. The five boilers are expected to reduce the cost of heating the building by $13,000 annually.""Continuing to make this building more energy efficient through the Central Library Renovation Project was a major priority, and Mayor Walsh's continued commitment to the library and energy efficiency in the Capital Plan enables all of our buildings to offer great spaces on a sustainable basis now and into the future,"" said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library.Boston's large buildings and institutions contribute approximately 50 percent of the City's greenhouse gas emissions. The City's updated Climate Action Plan provides the framework for reducing greenhouse gas emissions 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050. As a key means of reaching the greenhouse gas reduction goals stated in the Climate Action Plan, the City is leading by example by reducing the energy intensity of its own municipal buildings and working with its utilities to incentivize energy efficiency upgrades."
"When Jane Jacobss impassioned, groundbreaking book, ""The Death and Life of Great American Cities,""first appeared in 1961, more than half a century ago, it defied and shocked city planners, urban experts, and architects. Jane Jacobs wrote her book in response to the accepted thinking and policies of the post-World War II era. Many people thought that cities had reached a crisis point, and the best way to deal with the problems  such as rundown areas and crime  was to tear down swaths of aging neighborhoods and replace them with large-scale modern buildings surrounded by empty space. They called this approach urban renewal. Jacobs attacked these experts clearly and vividly: Theyve condemned and destroyed entire city blocks that are not slums, but attractive places to live. Theyve zoned our cities into intolerable patterns of dullness. Theyve put up gleaming stone and glass file-cabinet housing that breeds delinquency and crime.Drawing conclusions from her own observations and common-sense analysis (a method anyone can use), Jacobs inspired people all across America to look at cities with a fresh eye and a new appreciation. Downtown was for people, she proclaimed, and cities should never be subordinate to cars. People should get out and walk and, in this way, get to know their cities. She extolled mom-and-pop stores and other small businesses interspersed in neighborhoods and fostering community. She favored mixed uses of residential, commercial, and industrial buildings in close proximity. Convinced that residents know what is best for their neighborhoods, she advocated for planning from the ground up. Seeing density as conducive to lively neighborhoods, Jacobs supported filling in unused spaces rather than demolishing old buildings. Old buildings allowed for new uses, so that people of modest means could rehabilitate a dwelling or start a new enterprise. She valued diversity of all kinds  in people, architecture, and economies.Jane observed these ingredients in her Greenwich Village neighborhood in New York City and in Scranton, Pennsylvania, where she had grown up, but she saw similar elements in other cities  including Boston  that she toured in the 1950s when contemplating great cities. InDeath and Life, she admired the vibrant street life she saw in the North End, and she was appalled by the obliteration of the lively, stable, low-rent West End. While Jacobs was writing her seminal book, she read in theNew York Timesthat her own charming neighborhood of low-rise brick buildings and assorted storefronts faced the same fate as Bostons lost community. Determined to stop what she and her neighbors considered an outrage, Jane turned to activism and became a leader. She spent a year organizing the residents, publicizing their cause, and negotiating with city officials. Ultimately, the citizen movement succeeded, and the neighborhood today has become the thriving and sought-after West Village, which Jacobs and her neighbors in the early 1960s would never have imagined. Her actions  and soon her words inDeath and Life gave residents added courage to stand up to the powers-that-be and oppose the destruction of their homes.""The Death and Life of Great American Cities"" is as relevant today as ever. We could all do well to take a page from Jane Jacobss book in imagining Bostons future. Her observations of what works and doesnt work in a city remain fresh, and some of her language has been adopted as part of urban-planning vocabulary. She did not, and never intended to, offer a formula for solving urban conundrums or growing a city. She believed in approaching each situation  be it a single building or a larger complex  on a case-by-case basis. Through listening to residents, civic engagement, incremental change, and avoidance of what she called cataclysmic money, Boston can move toward its 400th birthday in 2030 maintaining the vibrant neighborhoods and rich diversity that Jane Jacobs treasured in this great city more than fifty-five years ago."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced preparations for this weekend's anticipated snowstorm, which is expected to bring 8-12 inches of snow. The Public Works Department (PWD) will have 190 pieces of snow equipment pre-treating roads in Boston by11:00 a.m., and 420 pieces of snow equipment will be active on roadways by1p.m.Over 30,000 tons of salt will be available, and additional equipment is ready to be deployed as needed.Commuters are encouraged to take public transportation when possible throughout the evening as PWDcrews work to fully clear roadways.The National Weather Service has issued a Winter Storm Warning in effectSaturday7 a.m.untilSunday1 a.m.The snow is expectedto begin after11 a.m.and be heaviest between1 and 7 p.m.Strong winds gusts of up to 25MPH are to be expected as well. The Office of Emergency Management is actively monitoring the forecast.""With expected accumulations reaching nearly a foot of snow over the course of the day, we are encouraging residents to use caution if they need to travel and keep an eye out for our neighbors, especially our seniors during this time,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The City offers a number of resources geared towards keeping residents safe and aware of current conditions. I encourage everyone to sign up for emergency notifications through AlertBoston and utilize our 311 call center for non-emergency related issues.""Residents are encouraged to help neighbors and assist during this snow event by clearing sidewalks and shoveling out hydrants. To find out more information about resources and services available to residents, please visit the City's snow page.Residents are encouraged to sign-up forAlertBostonto receive emergency alerts and to call 311, download theBOS:311 app, or tweet at@BOS311with questions or concerns. Follow@CityofBostonandboston.gov/snowfor the latest updates."
The data suggested local organizations are starved for the kind of investment that would allow them to take a risk on producing new works. New works are the fuel that drives innovation in culture and since the TBF study was published, its been great to see momentum building to support new works. For example,Next Steps for Boston Danceis a new grant program from TBF and the Aliad Fund designed to support Greater Boston choreographers creating original works. TBF and The Barr Foundation have just teamed up to launchLive Arts Boston (LAB), offeringflexible, project-specific grants to Greater Bostons performing artists and small non-profit performing arts organizations to create, produce or present new artistic work.This was a direct result of a need identified by Boston Creates.The Boston Creates process showed that space for rehearsal and production of new works is in short supply. The Massachusetts Office of Housing and Economic Development has launchedThe Collaborative Workspace Program, providing funds to expand or develop collaborative creative work spaces. The intent is to support new business formation, job creation and entrepreneurial activity, as well as community-based innovation. The workspace grant program has supported the makerspace Artisans Asylum, which will expand and upgrade their facility. And theFairmount Innovation Labin Uphams Corner in Dorchester has received financial support for their expansion into a new larger space.Theyll cut the ribbon and open the doors later this month.The Record Company,located in the Newmarket area of Boston, received $25,000 in seed funds to support the creation of a small format, neighborhood-based, multi-purpose music workspace. The Record Company recently released a compilation album called The Boston Sessions Vol. 1: Beast, featuring Boston-based bands and musicians All the songs are new works specifically commissioned for this album. In total, 57 artists, producers, and engineers were paid for their work.If you look closely, youll find new works being incubated on a variety of local stages and spaces. For some, its central to their mission. One example is the Boston Playwrights' Theatre, which incubates new theatrical works beyond its main season. Another example is the 6th AnnualBoston One Minute Play Festival, which takes place this weekend. Some of the most accomplished playwrights in the US have been part of this national festival. They also produce theSecond Sunday Reading Series, where writers developing new plays can hear how their words sound with professional actors at the helm and hear the audiences immediate reaction. Post-show, the audience can give more detailed feedback and help to hone the work. Due to the holidays,the event will be held on January 15th, the third Sunday of the month.Last year, the Huntington Theatre hosted its annual series of four staged readings ofnew works in development. Their recent production of Tiger Style was developed from this very fruitful pipeline. Additionally, the readings in both series are free.And lastly, for some creative people, a new year and new works might mean theyre interested in finding a new job. If you are looking to head in a new direction with your creative career in 2017 check out the StageSourcejob fairon February 27.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Women's Workforce Council (BWWC) today announced the release of its 2016 gender wage report. Continuing Mayor Walsh's mission to close the gender wage gap in Boston and create a more equitable city, the report is the first in the nation to use real wage data, self-reported by businesses in the Greater Boston area. The report harnessed a software program that anonymizes and aggregates data from individual organizations: data was collected from more than 112,000 employees, representing 11 percent of the Greater Boston workforce and $11 billion in annual earnings. Using this data, the City of Boston and the BWWC created a comprehensive look into the gender wage gap in Boston, and set a baseline for future progress.Mayor Martin Walsh offered remarks during the release of the Gender Wage Gap Report with the Boston Women's Workforce Council.""Women make up the majority of Boston, but like most cities, companies and nations around the world, women -- especially women of color -- are underrepresented and underpaid in our workforce,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our business, academic and civic leaders are working together to fix this, and to create an equitable Boston that has opportunity for all. I'm proud Boston is leading the conversation on how to address the gender wage gap, and this report is another step forward in our mission.""The gender wage gap report found a 23 cent wage gap, meaning women make on average 77 cents for every dollar a man earns in Greater Boston. The average total annual compensation for women was $78,954, while the average total annual compensation for men was $103,155.The gender wage gap varied by job category: the highest earnings parity was in the Mid-Level Worker and Administrative Worker job categories, where on average women earned more than their male counterparts.In addition, the report found men's pay was composed of more performance pay: men's total pay was 88 percent annual compensation and 12 percent cash performance pay. In comparison, women's total pay was 95 percent annual compensation, and five percent cash performance pay.The report would not be possible without the support from the business community.179 companieshave signed on to the 100% Talent Compact, committing to report wage data anonymously and to discuss best practices to retain and promote women in the workforce. Included in that number are five lead sponsors: Massachusetts Mutual Life Insurance Company, Partners HealthCare, Putnam Investments, State Street Corporation and Vertex Pharmaceuticals.""As an inaugural signatory of the 100% Talent Compact, State Street is proud to be involved with the BWWC and this report,"" said Alison Quirk, executive vice president and chief human resources and citizenship officer at State Street. ""State Street's continued participation in the Compact underscores our commitment to working to address the root causes of wage disparity in Boston so we can continue to build the diverse and sustainable talent pipeline we need for our future success.""""MassMutual is honored to support this important effort, standing with other companies that share our belief that gender should not impact compensation,"" said Eddie Ahmed, Head of Human Resources for MassMutual Financial Group. ""We have a longstanding commitment to making sure our employees are compensated fairly for their work, and that salary differences are based on role, performance and merit alone.""Through this report, the BWWC has created a baseline wage gap estimate for the greater Boston workforce using two unique data sets. The BWWC created a data set of wages consisting of all U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) filings in 2015, and compared this data to anonymously collected salary data from Compact signers in the same zip codes so that they could compare how representative their sample was.Building off its commitment to investing in long-term solutions, the BWWC also announced today its new academic partnership with Boston University, where the BWWC will now have its office. The BWWC will be hosted at the Hariri Institute for Computing.""This partnership is a natural outgrowth of our collaboration with the BWWC to develop the software platform for privacy-preserving analytics used in the 2017 gender wage report. It also underscores the importance of connecting computer scientists with social scientists to pursue innovative data-driven research,"" said Azer Bestavros, Professor of Computer Science and Founding Director of the Hariri Institute for Computing at Boston University. ""Working alongside researchers on Boston University's campus will allow the BWWC to expand its mission by developing more sophisticated analytics that identify the root causes of pay disparities as well as quantify the impact of best practices used for mitigation purposes. Together, we can make the necessary progress on closing the wage gap in our data-driven economy.""The full gender wage gap report can be foundonline.About the Boston Women's Workforce CouncilThe Boston Women's Workforce Council is a public-private partnership between Mayor Walsh and the Boston Business Community to close the gender wage gap and make Boston the premier place for working women. So far179 companieshave signed on to the 100% Talent Compact, committing to report wage data anonymously and discuss best practices to retain and promote women in the workforce.Learn more about the Boston Women's Workforce Council. "
Weve accomplished much in that time, most significantly, the creation and launch ofBoston Creates, a cultural plan for the city. Six months later, weve made lasting progress implementing key elements of the plan. As we look forward to 2017, we see great opportunity for additional steps forward.  Creating programs that will help to engage artists who live and work in Boston is a priority. Thanks to the support of Mayor Walsh, we were able to launch theOpportunity Fund, for the first time offering grants to individual artists designed to help them share their work with the public, continue their professional development, and hone their skills. These grants are offered ten times per year and to date, weve received more than 205 applications and provided over $29,000 in funding.Weve partnered withMASS MoCAs Assets for Artistsprogram to fund 10 Boston artists grants coupled with training in money management, business planning, and other professional skills needed for success. Others in the city have also stepped up with resources for artists. Earlier this fall, The Boston Foundation, in partnership with the Aliad Fund, launchedNext Steps for Boston Dance, supporting Boston choreographers who are creating new works. TBF also partnered with the Barr Foundation to createLive Arts Boston (LAB), providing flexible, project-specific grants to performing artists and small nonprofit performing arts organizations also focused on new work.  Integrating art into all aspects of civic life has also been a priority and we have been working closely with the Department of Public Works to include public art in their current construction projects. To date, weve announced calls for artists for a project in Hyde Square anda redesign of North Square.Cristina Parreohas just been selected as the artist for Hyde Square.We wrapped up the first year of theBoston AIR (Artist-In-Residence)programand based on successful feedback, launched year two. Ten artists will work with the Boston Centers for Youth & Family, and bring their creative approached and fresh ideas to ten community centers and BCYF citywide initiatives.Despite the drought that plagued the region over the summer, when it did rain, we were able to enjoy Raining Poetry, an installation produced by the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture, the Mural Crews, and Mass Poetry We saw the unveiling ofFirst Chair,a new sculpture at Symphony Park by artist Jacob Kulin, and held numerous exhibitions in the City Hall Galleries.Rehearsal and performance space continues to be a priority. Weve just launched theAlternative Space Pilot Programwith a call for artists for space at the AT&T Flagship Store on Boylston Street. We expect to see a second call for artists for performance space at the Massachusetts Eye & Ear Infirmary early next year and are continuing to meet with other partners to expand the program further. The Boston City Council has also just approved an extension of theAcoustic on MainProgram, allowing small businesses to host acoustic performers without obtaining a live entertainment license. This should provide additional performance opportunities for the talented local musicians that live, work and study here in Boston. The Society of Arts & Crafts opened the doors to their new home on Pier Four in the Seaport, and a second RPF was issued by the Boston Planning and Development Agency for another cultural or civic space onLovejoy Wharf. We are thrilled to see new partnerships forming to creatively address the need for space, includingLyric Stage Studio, a new rehearsal space available at discounted rates to members of the Boston Dance Alliance. And finally, the results of the cultural facilities study will be released early in the year and well use the results to help shape a strategy around performance and rehearsal space.As we look forward to 2017, we will continue to move the plan forward. The artist resource desk will officially open in January, serving as a liaison between artists, arts producers, City Hall and the public, to help with permitting, licensing, housing and other functions. We will also augment the MOAC team with a communications director. The Boston Foundation will be launching a cultural equity study, which will explore how access to the arts can be enhanced across the city.Imagine Boston 2030, Bostons master plan, will launch this spring and with it, well begin to create three arts innovation districts here in Boston. Well also be supporting the efforts of Hyde Square and Roxbury in their quests to be designated as cultural districts by the Massachusetts Cultural Council.City Hall will continue to be a home to art, as we launch a series of guest curated exhibitions in partnership with many of the leading arts institutions in the city. Well also be launching a fellowship-style grant program to support and elevate Bostons creatives and officially launching the Percent for Art program, which will bring permanent public art to municipal buildings and infrastructureprojects. When we launched the plan back in June, we talked about the need for a culture shift in the city. Thanks to the support of individuals and organizations across the city, weve begun to move the needle. Artists and arts organizations across the city are beginning to see an increasing number of opportunities. As we move into 2017, we want to continue this forward momentum and look forward to working with you to make it happen.
This is the 30th year of the City of Bostons CANshare and, for the first time ever, no cans are involved! This year, The Mayors Office of Food Initiatives is collecting monetary contributions for the Boston Bounty Bucks Program. The program gives Boston SNAP (formerly Food Stamps) users access to healthy, local food at City farmers markets.People who receive SNAP benefits can use Boston Bounty Bucks at participating Boston farmers markets. SNAP recipients can match up to $10 per day at these markets. To use Bounty Bucks, shoppers just need to visit the market manager and swipe their EBT card for the amount they would like to double.BCYF has always been a big supporter of CANshare. In the past, we have served as collection locations for cans. This year, we have decided to join with our Foundation and raise $1,000 for CANshare. There are a few days left to support our efforts by giving through our Give Gab link:Donate through Give GabIn addition to the Give Gab campaign, there are many creative ways BCYF is fundraising for CANShare:
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the re-appointment of Michael D. O'Neill to the Boston School Committee for a third, four-year term. O'Neill was first appointed as a member of the School Committee on July 15, 2008 and he was elected Chairman of the School Committee on January 7, 2013. O'Neill will be sworn in on Wednesday, January 4 at 5:30 p.m.""I am honored to re-appoint Michael O'Neill to the Boston School Committee,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""Michael is a proven leader who understands the importance of moving the school district forward and broadening quality educational opportunity for all students across the city. I look forward to his continued work with the district and the community to improve our schools.""The seven-member Boston School Committee is responsible for defining the vision, mission and goals of the Boston Public Schools establishing and monitoring the annual operating budget hiring, managing and evaluating the Superintendent and setting and reviewing district policies and practices to support student achievement.O'Neill is a Boston Public Schools graduate and holds a Masters in Entrepreneurial Studies from Babson College. He is the Executive Vice President of Financial Services at 451 Marketing in Boston where he leads a sector focus on Financial Services. He is Board Chair of the Boston Private Industry Council's Youth Council and a member of the Boston PIC Workforce Development Committee. O'Neill is a current resident of Charlestown and a lifelong Bostonian.""I thank the Mayor for this opportunity and I greatly appreciate his commitment to the students of Boston,"" O'Neill said. ""The Boston School Committee has enjoyed working closely with the Mayor and his team and I look forward to continuing our work together to improve the lives and futures of the 57,000 students in the Boston Public Schools.""The seven members of the School Committee are Boston residents appointed by the Mayor of Boston to serve four-year staggered terms. Mayor Walsh made this appointment based on a list of candidates recommended by a 13-member Citizens Nominating Panel composed of parents, teachers, principals, and representatives of business and higher education."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston's Tuition-Free Community College Plan, which pays for up to three years of community college for eligible Boston Public School graduates, has expanded its participating schools to include MassBay Community College.""I'm proud to announce the addition of MassBay to Boston's Tuition-Free Community College Plan. We're committed to increasing access to higher education and providing more pathways to economic stability for all of Boston's students,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Now, with an increase in location and program options, this plan opens more doors for young people to learn and develop the skills necessary to join Boston's talented workforce.""MassBay Community College is a multi-campus college with a 55-year history of preparing students for transfer to four-year colleges or universities, direct entry into the workforce, and ongoing education.""MassBay has a long tradition of providing affordable, high-quality pathways to top-notch bachelor degree programs and meaningful careers,"" said Dr. David Podell, president of MassBay Community College. ""We are thrilled to partner with the city to increase college access and expand options for the Boston students who need it most.""The Tuition-Free Community College Plan had previously only enrolled eligible students attending Bunker Hill Community College (BHCC) and Roxbury Community College (RCC). The inclusion of MassBay Community College provides plan enrollees with greater choice of both location and academics. MassBay operates campuses in Wellesley, Framingham and Ashland. MassBay also adds more available programs of study, such as automotive technology, interior design and marketing.Mayor Walsh announced the launch of the Tuition-Free Community College Plan last spring with the goal of helping more Boston students afford and complete college. In order to assist students in completing college, the plan matches all enrolled students with Success Boston coaches who can help them navigate the challenges of higher education. In its first semester, the Tuition-Free Community College Plan has enrolled 41 students, a number that is expected to rise as the plan's benefits become more widely known.The Tuition-Free Community College Plan is funded by the Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD) part of the the Boston Planning & Development Agency, and the Neighborhood Jobs Trust, a public charitable trust fed by linkage fees generated by large-scale commercial building projects in the city.""Providing opportunities for Boston's residents to attend community college tuition-free is a direct benefit of Boston's building boom and strong economy,"" said Director of the Boston Planning and Development Agency Brian Golden. ""We know that there are profound benefits - economic and otherwise - to the recipients of community college degrees throughout their lives. I am pleased we are able to use funds from the Neighborhood Jobs Trust to make positive investments that will have long lasting impacts in our community."" To learn more about the Tuition-Free Community College Plan, or to apply, please visit:http://www.bostonpublicschools.org/tuition-free-college"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston's Tuition-Free Community College Plan, which pays for up to three years of community college for eligible Boston Public School graduates, has expanded its participating schools to include MassBay Community College.""I'm proud to announce the addition of MassBay to Boston's Tuition-Free Community College Plan. We're committed to increasing access to higher education and providing more pathways to economic stability for all of Boston's students,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Now, with an increase in location and program options, this plan opens more doors for young people to learn and develop the skills necessary to join Boston's talented workforce.""MassBay Community College is a multi-campus college with a 55-year history of preparing students for transfer to four-year colleges or universities, direct entry into the workforce, and ongoing education.""MassBay has a long tradition of providing affordable, high-quality pathways to top-notch bachelor degree programs and meaningful careers,"" said Dr. David Podell, president of MassBay Community College. ""We are thrilled to partner with the city to increase college access and expand options for the Boston students who need it most.""The Tuition-Free Community College Plan had previously only enrolled eligible students attending Bunker Hill Community College (BHCC) and Roxbury Community College (RCC). The inclusion of MassBay Community College provides plan enrollees with greater choice of both location and academics. MassBay operates campuses in Wellesley, Framingham and Ashland. MassBay also adds more available programs of study, such as automotive technology, interior design and marketing.Mayor Walsh announced the launch of the Tuition-Free Community College Plan last spring with the goal of helping more Boston students afford and complete college. In order to assist students in completing college, the plan matches all enrolled students with Success Boston coaches who can help them navigate the challenges of higher education. In its first semester, the Tuition-Free Community College Plan has enrolled 41 students, a number that is expected to rise as the plan's benefits become more widely known.The Tuition-Free Community College Plan is funded by the Mayor's Office of Workforce Development (OWD) part of the the Boston Planning & Development Agency, and the Neighborhood Jobs Trust, a public charitable trust fed by linkage fees generated by large-scale commercial building projects in the city.""Providing opportunities for Boston's residents to attend community college tuition-free is a direct benefit of Boston's building boom and strong economy,"" said Director of the Boston Planning and Development Agency Brian Golden. ""We know that there are profound benefits - economic and otherwise - to the recipients of community college degrees throughout their lives. I am pleased we are able to use funds from the Neighborhood Jobs Trust to make positive investments that will have long lasting impacts in our community."" To learn more about the Tuition-Free Community College Plan, or to apply, please visit the Boston Public Schools website."
"Building on his commitment to transparency and good governance, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Shawn Williams as the City of Boston's first-ever Director of Public Records. As Director of Public Records, Williams will coordinate and streamline the City's procedures to receiving and responding to public records requests.""Shawn has written the book on public records law, and I'm thrilled he will be joining City Hall to ensure openness, transparency and compliance around all public records matters,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""With his experience and dedication, Shawn is a wonderful addition to our public records team, and I welcome him to City Hall.""Williams will work closely with the Press Office, Department of Information and Technology and additional departments throughout the City. Williams will report to the City's Corporation Counsel. Key responsibilities for the Director of Public Records include serving as the main point of contact for all public records requests, ensuring timely compliance with all requests, identifying potential responsive records, determining appropriate fees for records requests, coordinating with City departments to gather records, providing training to City employees, and conducting any other necessary reviews to confirm compliance with all public records laws.Prior to joining City Hall, Williams served as Director-Supervisor of Records for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts for the last five years, and worked in the division for 11 years in total, beginning as a staff attorney. While working for the Commonwealth, Williams also served as chair of the State Records Conservation Board, a member of the Massachusetts Historical Records Advisory Board and presented workshops on public records to municipal and state organizations, cities and towns. Williams received his undergraduate degree from Boston University, and his juris doctor from Suffolk University Law School.""Public records statutes are key to creating an open, transparent, thriving democracy, and I am grateful for the opportunity to lead the City of Boston's public records division,"" said Williams. ""As Director of Public Records, I look forward to ensuring Boston is the leader in public records good practices.""Williams lives in Beacon Hill with his wife and son."
"On Saturday, December 31, 2016, the City of Boston will welcome the New Year with its annual First Night Celebration. Street closures and parking bans will be in effect at various times and locations over the weekend to support the event. Those coming into Boston to enjoy the festivities are asked to leave their vehicles at home and take the MBTA. Information on service may be found on the MBTA's website.The following traffic and parking plan may be revised by the Boston Police Department at any time as necessary.TEMPORARY STREET CLOSURES WILL BE AS FOLLOWSBoylston Street, from Exeter Street to Tremont Street, 4 PM to 8 PM on 12/31/16Charles Street, from Park Plaza to Beacon Street, 5 PM to 8 PM on 12/31/16Dartmouth Street, from St. James Avenue to Boylston Street, 10AMon 12/31/16 to 1AM on 1/1/17TEMPORARY PARKING RESTRICTIONS WILL BE AS FOLLOWSTow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday to SundayBoylston Street, Copley Square side, Dartmouth Street to Clarendon StreetBlagden Street, both sides, Dartmouth Street to Exeter Street, not including BPL parking zoneTrinity Place, Copley Fairmont side, from Saint James Avenue to Stuart Street, and, both sides, from Stuart Street to the Clarendon Street Parking garage, opposite #40Tow Zone No Stopping Saturday""Arlington Street, both sides, from Beacon Street to Boylston StreetBeacon Street, both sides, from Charles Street to Arlington StreetBerkeley Street, both sides, from Boylston Street to Newbury StreetBoylston Street, both sides, from Exeter Street to Arlington Street (not including BPL parking zone), and, Public Garden side, from Arlington Street to Charles StreetClarendon Street, both sides, from Newbury Street to Boylston Street, and, Trinity Church side, from Boylston Street to Saint James AvenueDartmouth Street, both sides, from St. James Street to Newbury StreetSaint James Avenue, both sides, from Clarendon Street to Dartmouth Street"
"BOSTON - Wednesday, December 28, 2016 - Mayor Walsh today announced the City of Boston was awarded the top prize at The Guangzhou Institute for Urban Innovations international convening held in Guangzhou, China. Bostons youth participatory budgeting process, Youth Lead the Change, was selected from 301 innovation projects submitted by 171 cities to receive the Guangzhou International Award for Urban Innovation. Boston is the first city in the United States to receive this award.We know Boston is a forward-thinking, innovative city, and Im proud that our work has been recognized by this international award, said Mayor Walsh. Through Youth Lead the Change, we are involving our young, bright residents in local government, and empowering them to make positive changes in their neighborhoods. Congratulations to everyone involved in this initiative.The Mayors Youth Council, a key initiative of Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Division of Youth Engagement & Employment, has facilitated Youth Lead the Change since 2014. Youth Lead the Change has gone through three voting phases and funded 17 projects totaling $2.8 million. Projects funded include providing laptops in schools, park renovations, adding trash cans and recycling bins, and installing wifi in schools and community centers. Since the program began, delegations from countries around the world have visited Boston to learn from its approach to youth engagement.The Guangzhou Award recognizes innovation in improving social, economic and environmental sustainability in cities and regions that advance the prosperity and quality of life of their citizens. Presented bi-annually, the award encourages and recognizes outstanding innovative projects and practices in the public sector.""The Guangzhou International Award for Urban Innovation has made a very positive impact,"" said Parks Tau, president of United Cities and Local Governments, a co-organizer of the event. ""The whole world is experimenting with innovative projects on sustainable development,"" Tau said. ""We need to learn from each other, to copy, promote and share new concepts.""Francesco Tena, Manager of the Mayors Youth Council, was sponsored by the Guangzhou Institute to travel to China on behalf of the City of Boston to compete for and accept the award.Boston is providing a platform for young people to lead today while also making government more accessible and responsive, said Tena. Cities around the world are realizing that there are huge benefits to engaging young people meaningfully in local government.Youth Lead the Change has received other honors in the past: in 2015, the U.S. Conference of Mayors awarded the program the City Livability Award and in 2016 it received the Civies Award from MassVote.The Mayors Youth Council is currently collecting ideas on how to spend this years allotment of $1 million. The funding is placed in BCYFs budget each year specifically for this project. To submit an idea, visit Youth Lead the Change."
"BOSTON - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a $24.2 million federal award from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) to support Boston's continued work in ending chronic homelessness. Boston's funds will be distributed among the city's Continuum of Care, the local provider network that provides housing and services for Boston's homeless individuals and families. Continuum of Care fundsleasing and rental assistance for permanent housing transitional housing supportive services homeless management information systems and planning.""Funding for our most vulnerable populations is critical, as we cannot leave any member of our community behind. This grant will go a long way in helping Boston pursue its goal of ending chronic and veteran homelessness by 2018,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""As a city that believes in equity and affordability for all its citizens, we will put these funds to extraordinarily good use to support the work our city does every day. I thank Secretary Castro and HUD for their continued support for Boston.""In an announcement this week, HUD awarded a record $1.95 billion in grants to nearly7,600 homeless assistance programsthroughout the nation, including Puerto Rico, Guam and the U.S. Virgin Islands as the Obama Administration boosted efforts to prevent and end homelessness.The Continuum of Care award is a competitive grant, awarded annually through theHomeless Continuum of Care funding competition. Awards are based onthe merit of the submission and how closely programs adhere to HUD priorities.This year, HUD continued to challenge state and local planners to support higher performing local programs that have proven most effective in meeting their own local challenges and have a lasting impact.Out of 40 projects submitted by the Boston Continuum of Care for funding, 37 were selected.In addition to renewing critical funding to support the city's current programs, HUD also awarded Boston four new projects. Overall, the Boston Continuum of Care award increased by $255,451 over 2015. The funds will help serve more than 1,400 chronically homeless individuals, and will fund more than $1 millionto place homeless individuals in housing, while providing stabilization services to help them successfully remain housed. One of the City's new projects will help 20 homeless families of school-aged children to become housed. This grant will supportBoston's Way Home, the City's plan to end veteran and chronic homelessness in Boston by 2018. In January 2016, Mayor Walsh announced Boston had ended chronic veteran homelessness to date, nearly 800 veterans have been housed. In 2016, the City scaled up its efforts to end chronic homelessness since January of 2016, almost 230 chronically homeless individuals have been housed.Boston's Way Home has redesigned the way Boston offers services to homeless individuals. Rather than counting on shelter as the solution to the issue, Boston has moved toward a housing-first model, where an individual's entrance into the shelter system is also their entrance to a path toward permanent, stable housing. Through investments in housing, technology and system redesign, Boston is on track to meet its goal of ending chronic homelessness by 2018."
" Mayor Martin J. Walsh has signed the Acoustic Live Entertainment Ordinance into law. The ordinance was inspired by the successful ""Acoustic on Main"" pilot program.The law allows small businesses in designated business districts to host acoustic performers without needing a live entertainment license.Filed by City Council President Michelle Wu, the ordinance aims to increase foot traffic to neighborhoods and bolster small businesses. The hope is that these performances further support the Citys vibrant arts community, and offer another reason to ""shop local.""To hold an acoustic performance, a business must:You can download the ordinance to learn more about the program:Downloadacoustic ordinanceMembers of theband Humble Brothers performed at the Suya Joint restaurant in Roxbury on Wednesday at an event where Mayor Walsh signed the ordinance into law."
One of Bostons largest parks at 46 acres, Harambee Park is a regional park designed to provide active recreation courts and playing fields for neighborhoods with limited public open space, such as Dorchester, Roxbury, Mattapan, and Roslindale. The PARC grant for Harambee Park will help offset $3 million in the first phase of improvements planned for the site.Harambee is Swahili for lets all pull together, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. That's what we hope to do with this grant - everyone will work together to rebuild a great park in the heart of Boston. This $400,000 grant is recognition by the state of how important local parks are to the life of our citizens.Phase I of the project will include a new playground with a water spray splash pad feature, construction of two basketball courts with lighting, bleachers, player benches, and drinking fountains, improved connections to Blue Hill Avenue including pathway and masonry improvements, plantings, lighting, and a new gateway at the Talbot and Blue Hill Avenue corner, drainage improvements, and adult exercise equipment. The project is currently in the design phase with a final community design meeting to be held in January.The Boston Parks and Recreation Department has worked in cooperation with nearby partner organizations and community groups on a master plan to guide the parks sequenced renovation as part of our whole park renovation philosophy, ensuring community support and long-term success to fulfill needs for particular recreation activities, noted Boston Parks Commissioner Chris Cook.Future phases will extend the pathway system with new paths crossing the park where none now exist, create a loop path for strolling, exercise walking, and running, and renovate other features such as the ball fields.
"BOSTON - Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston University (BU) today announced the expansion of the Boston University scholarship program for graduates of Boston Public Schools, offering even more students an opportunity to pursue their degree debt-free. The BU Community Service Awards, a seven-year-old program that has been limited to incoming freshman, will be made available to incoming transfer students who are Boston public high school graduates, beginning with the fall semester of 2017.""This scholarship will make a tremendous impact in the lives of our BPS students,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We know that BPS graduates are smart, dedicated individuals, and Boston University is offering them a fantastic opportunity to pursue their degree, without the financial burden so many students have to take on. I'm grateful Boston has a strong academic partner in Boston University, and look forward to BPS students benefiting from the expanded scholarship program.""""Boston University is deepening its commitment to the City of Boston, as we remain dedicated to providing world-class higher education,"" said BU President Robert A. Brown. ""We are pleased to be able to offer scholarships to Boston Public School graduates, and are hopeful this expansion of the program will allow more students from Boston to study and graduate from Boston University.""The expanded scholarship program builds on Mayor Walsh's commitment to expanding higher education opportunities for all BPS graduates. In April, the City began a free community college program for BPS graduates, allowing students to enroll in a Boston community college at Bunker Hill Community College or Roxbury Community College under the City'sTuition Free Plan. In addition, the City of Boston has also launched theChildren's Savings Account (CSA) program, helping BPS students save for their future college education.BPS graduation rates are at historic highs, with recent data capturing high school graduation rates at 71 percent. Boston is also seeing consistent progress in college completion rates, asapproximately 30 percent of black and Hispanic students who enter college after high school complete their degreewithin six years.The BU program, which currently supports 150 BU undergraduates, meets the full calculated financial needs of students, including tuition, room and board, books, supplies, travel, and fees, all without loans.This scholarship will make a tremendous impact in the lives of our BPS students.Mayor WalshChristine McGuire, vice president ad interim for enrollment and student affairs, says 35 to 40 freshman each year take advantage of the program, which has a graduation rate of 94 percent. The cost to the University averages $41,000 per year, per student.""The Community Service scholars program is the main reason why I'm even at BU. It's the reason why my two sisters were also able to attend and graduate from BU,"" says Rosy Chen (English 2017), a 2013 graduate of Boston Latin School who is studying computer engineering. Her sisters are also BU students: Anna Chen (Questrom School of Business 2013) and Helen Chen (Questrom School of Business 2015).Their mother is a seamstress, and her father works in a restaurant.""There was no way my family would have been able to afford putting my sisters and me through four years at BU each,"" said Chen. ""But the Community Service program changed that. It's not very often that someone can graduate from a private institution without any loans, but the program made it possible for me and my sisters. And I'm grateful for that. With this degree, I'll be able to get access to more opportunities, whether it be grad school in the future or whatever career path I choose to follow.""Any BPS graduate who is admitted based on BU's transfer admissions standards would be eligible for the expanded scholarship program and debt-free financial aid program. All BPS transfer students are eligible, including students who attend a two-year community college program, before graduating with an associate's degree and transferring to a four-year institution for their bachelor's degree.The program, created in 2009, has served over 348 Boston Public Schools graduates with over $36 million in scholarships. It provides a University faculty or staff mentor for each student as a resource and support throughout their four years.Community Service Award recipients must maintain a 2.00 cumulative GPA and successfully complete at least 12 credits per semester. After their first semester, they are required to perform 25 hours of community service per semester, under the guidance of their mentor. They must also reapply for financial aid each year, including income verification documents.The cost is mostly met with University scholarship funding. If eligible, students in the program may also receive federal grants and work-study funding. Students must complete the normal financial aid process, which includes submitting a CSS Profile and FAFSA applications.BU also funds theThomas M. Menino Scholarship Program, which supports up to 25 exemplary incoming students each year with four years' full tuition."
In total, our Engagement Team attended 52 events across every neighborhood in the city, visiting farmers markets, neighborhood meetings, festivals, beer gardens, job fairs, parades, and Girl Scout troop meetings.We know that Boston needs to grow to accommodate the 53,000 new units of housing, the 68,000 new residents, and the 110,000 new workers who are expected to call Boston home by 2030. We wanted to see where Bostonians would prioritize this growth. So what did we hear from residents?At each event, participants started with a board that represented three kinds of places in Boston: existing neighborhoods, high rise areas like Downtown and the Seaport, and neighborhood edgesthose parts of the city that are train yards, warehouses, and vacant land. Participants were tasked with using building blocks to allocate growth across these three areas in a way that reflects their vision for 2030.First, participants were given a set of building blocks to place in the locations where they wanted to see new housing. Most people chose to add some new housing to all three kinds of places on the board, distributing it fairly evenly across existing neighborhoods (34%), high rise areas (33%), and neighborhood edges (32%). When given the option to add additional housing in order to increase affordability, participants tended to add slightly more into existing neighborhoods than the other two area types. In total, nearly69,000housing building blocks were collectively added by1,400participants.For the next part of the activity, we asked participants to choose locations for new job creation. Nearly 18,000 jobs building blocks were added. Participants located jobs in all three types of places and showed only a slight preference for high rise areas. Participants choices reflected that while they see places like Downtown, Longwood, and other high rise neighborhoods remaining important job centers, many also saw a mix of housing and job growth in all areas of the city.In addition to building new space for jobs and housing, participants responded to climate hazards, such as sea level rise and flooding, that will be exacerbated by climate change. Participants proposed a combination of sea walls, elevated buildings and natural features to protect the city from extreme weather. Natural solutions such as building a marsh were especially popular as they can absorb stormwater while also providing new public open space.Finally, participants had the opportunity to add up to five blank blocks that could represent anything they wanted something that a new or existing neighborhood needs, besides jobs and housing. Some of the more adventurous shared their desire for skate parks and sky diving opportunities, while others suggested co-working spaces and animal shelters. Transportation was the most common theme, with ideas ranging from new MBTA and Hubway stations to ferries and bike paths. Education was also a top response, including preschool, K-18 schools, and adult education.Overall, participants placed about 50% more of their blank blocks in existing neighborhoods than high rise areas or neighborhood edges. When comparing the categories of ideas that those blank blocks represented, the rankings were similar across the three types of placesfor example, transportation, education, and parks were the top ideas in all three types of places. One exception is retail and restaurants, which were more concentrated in existing neighborhoods.Wed like to thank everyone who participated, as well as the amazing members of ourEngagement Team. Check out all of the photos from this falls eventshere.As we work toward finalizing the Imagine Boston 2030 plan this spring, we still want to hear from you! Did you participate in this activity? Share your experience onTwitter,FacebookandInstagramusing #ImagineBoston. And as always, dont forget to sign up for Imagine Bostonupdates!Have you had a chance to read theExpanding Opportunitydraft? We need your feedback! Share your thoughts on a physical copy at anyBoston Public Library branch, online through oursurvey, or via email atimagine@boston.gov!
"Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh with the Office of Arts and Cultureannounced the opening of two new art exhibitions for the month of December. The exhibitions areArt in Giving,a philanthropic art exhibition, and the4th Annual Massachusetts College of Art and Design Exhibition,a showcase of student paintings, graphic designs, sculptures and jewelry.""I am proud we are able to display local artist's work, showcasing the City's talented art community for residents and visitors to enjoy,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Art in Givingis a Boston-based charitable arts program that utilizes funds raised from the sale of fine art for pediatric cancer research. This exhibition supports artists while providing resources to needed pediatric programs, like helping families cope with childhood cancer and fund cancer studies and research. It is the first time the City of Boston will host anArt in Givingexhibition.Up to 50% of the proceeds from the sale of the art are donated to The Rachel Molly Markoff Foundation.The Foundation is a 501(c)(3) public charity that makes grants to cancer researchers.""This exhibition is an exciting opportunity to support the arts and raise money for childhood cancer at the same time,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We have incredibly talented artists in Boston, and it's wonderful that the proceeds of their work can directly help children suffering from cancer.""""Combining creative artists with the needs of talented cancer researchers is an excellent partnership,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. ""Art in Givingis a great program with a fantastic charitable mission.""Art in Givingwill be on display throughJanuary 20, 2017in the 5th Floor Mayor's Gallery at City Hall. The exhibition is free and open to the public. This exhibition will showcase the talent and creativity of the students that currently attend the Massachusetts College of Art and Design. Curated by Elizabeth DiCicco, who organizes the Mass. Art Holiday sale every year, the exhibition will feature paintings, graphic design, sculpture and jewelry.The exhibition will be on display throughJanuary 15, 2017in the Scollay Square Gallery, on the 3rdFloor of Boston City Hall.About the Galleries at Boston City HallThe Galleries at Boston City Hall are open the public at no charge and are accessible to persons with disabilities. Boston City Hall is accessible by the MBTA via Haymarket (Orange line). For more information, call617-635-3245or visitwww.cityofboston.gov/arts.       Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's Cultural Plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program (BostonAIR) curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information, visithere."
The December school vacation week is fast approaching and Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is urging families to make plans today to attend one of the many programs and activities being offered at BCYF centers. We created acomplete schedule of BCYF centers vacation week activities.A few highlights include:Several centers including BCYF Blackstone, BCYF Curtis Hall, and BCYF Shelburne Community Centers are offering a structured all-day vacation week program for young children with a wide variety of activities. A great option for working parents.BCYFs Youth Activities Committee has organized a teen tournament to benefit the Citys CanShare Campaign. Friday, December 30, 12 - 4 p.m.at BCYF Tobin Community Center. Co-Ed, ages 13-18.It may be cold out but BCYFs 15 indoor pools are warm and offer open access swim time as well as structured aquatics programming.Adults are invited to join the L Street Brownies for their annual New Years Day Plunge into Boston Harbor at10:30 a.m.
Boston - On Sunday, January 1, 2017, at 10:30 a.m., one of Boston's oldest traditions will continue with an estimated 600 people plunging into Boston Harbor for the annual L Street Brownies New Years Day Plunge.The plunge is hosted by the L Street Brownies at the BCYF Curley Community Center, 1663 Columbia Road in South Boston, K Street entrance. Due to the tide schedule, it will start at 10:30 a.m. Other information you should know:This event has taken place for over 100 years. The Brownies are the oldest polar bear club in America. The Brownies promote health, fun and friendship. Each year, the plunge is dedicated to past and recently deceased Brownies. Spectators are welcome and creative costumes are encouraged.
"BOSTON -Thursday, December 15, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the selection of an eight-member Advisory Committee for the recently releasedHousing Innovation Competition. Members of the Advisory Committee will be responsible for reviewing all applications and making a recommendation of the preferred developer's proposal to the city's Public Facilities Commission.The Housing Innovation Competition is intended to determine if innovatively designed compact units combined with reduced development costs will result in financially feasible developments with a mix of affordable price points.The Housing Innovation Competition is part of Mayor Walsh's call for Boston to become a national and international leader in pioneering innovative housing models to serve the needs of Boston's current and future residents.""We want Boston to be a place all residents can call home,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""To do so, we must look beyond the options that currently exist and activate new and original ideas. The Housing Innovation Competition is a chance for Boston to continue its leadership in housing innovation.""The City's Department of Neighborhood Development (DND), in partnership with the Mayor's Housing Innovation Lab, the Garrison Trotter Neighborhood Association (GTNA), and the Boston Society of Architects (BSA)/AIA, are soliciting proposals for a City of Boston pilot initiative on five City-owned vacant land parcels in the Garrison Trotter neighborhood. The properties associated with the Housing Innovation Competition are 71 and 73 Holworthy Street, 29 and 31 Hollander Street, and 24 Westminster Avenue. The proposals will be solicited through a competitive, transparent Request for Proposal (RFP) process.The resulting proposals will allow the City to test the effectiveness of this pilot initiative on multiple fronts: reducing costs to build creating market driven, attractive and livable compact homes and promoting a diverse resident income mix, including affordable workforce and market rate housing.The Advisory Committee's role will be to review all applications and make a recommendation of the preferred developer's proposal to the Public Facilities Commission. The composition of the Advisory Committee is intended to ensure the interests of the community are prioritized as are innovative and unique proposals. The members of the Advisory Committee are included below.The Mayor's Housing Innovation Lab (Housing i-Lab) was created in 2015 through a Bloomberg Philanthropies Innovation Team grant and is a collaboration between the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics and the Department of Neighborhood Development. The Housing i-Lab was created to serve the needs of Boston's current and future residents, by pioneering innovative housing models and systems, as well as accelerating the pace of innovation in the housing sector. To learn more visit theirwebsite, follow the iLAB on Twitter and sign up to share your ideas at their office hours.Proposals for the Housing Innovation Competition are dueMonday, December 19, 2016. The RFP is availablehere. More information can be found here."
"BOSTON - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a set of tips and guidelines in advance of this week's forecast of bitterly cold weather. Forecasters are predicting an Arctic plungeon Thursday night intoFriday, with wind chills reaching 16 degrees below zero. The National Weather Service has issued a High Wind Watch, as wind gusts will be strongest between6 p.m.Thursdaynight to4 a.m.Fridaymorning, reaching up to 60 miles per hour. Low temperatureson Thursdaynight will be three degrees. With the wind chill, frostbite can occurwithin 30 minutes.""We want to make make sure each and every Boston resident will be safe and warm when bitterly cold weather arrives this week,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""In times like these, it's vital for residents to look out for one another, and I encourage all Bostonians to reach out to the City if they or their neighbors need help this winter season. City workers will be constantly vigilant to ensure the safety of all.""Mayor Walsh asks all residents to take precautions and exercise care during the single-digit low temperatures. He encourages residents to check on neighbors who are elderly or disabled be mindful of homeless individuals who may need assistance and practice caution with space heaters.For emergency alerts, including cold-weather alerts, residents are encouraged to sign up forAlert Boston. For questions or additional information, call the City's resident services hotline,311, or visitboston.gov/cold. Homelessness services are also available onBoston.gov. Follow the City on Twitter for additional information and safety tips:@BOS311and@CityofBoston.Key safety tips include:Dress for the weather:Watch for signs of frostbite:Watch for signs of hypothermia:HomelessnessHeat Guidelines for Property Owners and TenantsTips to keep water flowing and pipes unfrozen during extreme coldIncreasing Home Energy EfficiencyEmergency Home RepairEmergency Operations"
The ten most frequently borrowed books from Boston Public Library locations in 2016 took patrons from a modern day train in England to early twentieth-century Boston and to many places in between. It's not too late to read one or more of these great titles before the end of the year. Stop by and borrow one today or reserve your copy online atwww.bpl.org.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
BOSTON - On Thursday, the Commonwealth of Massachusetts will recognize marijuana as a legal substance for adults 21 and over, and the City of Boston reminds residents of the following rules and standards that are to be enacted with the new law:Possession of MarijuanaGrowing MarijuanaMedical MarijuanaSmoking in BostonAdditional RestrictionsFor additional information, visitboston.gov/marijuana, contactBoston 311, or view thelegislationfor marijuana legalization.
A lifelong resident of the South End, hes been an activist and an organizer, a teacher and a mentor for eight decades. He served in the State Legislature in the 1970s, and his groundbreaking run for mayor in 1983 is etched in our Citys memory. His leadership made possible everything from the Tent City housing development to the South End Technology Center, where he remains a leader in expanding access to high-tech skills.I was thrilled when ourImagine Boston 2030team chose Mels book,Chain of Change: Struggles for Black Community Development, for our Imagine Boston reading list.Chain of Changeis Mels first-hand account of black Bostons journey of self-advocacy in the 20th century. Its a history of the Civil Rights struggle an activists memoir of the rocky path toward change a social theory worthy of academic study and a textbook on community organizing. Its a remarkable book that reflects the talent and vision of its remarkable author.Mels book is required reading for anyone who wants to understand our Citys difficult history with race. And even now, more than 30 years after its publication, it is rich with lessons for today: about the hard, personal work of making change, the real possibility of progress, and the distance we have yet to travel to achieve full equity for every resident and community in our City.Thats why Mel Kings experience and perspective are vital to our planning work today and our collective vision for Bostons future. His book and his life show how important it is for communities themselves to shape growth to meet their needs and aspirations. This value is reflected in the community engagement that helped build Imagine Boston and is at the core of my vision for our City. I see Boston in 2030 as a city where every child has a safe home, a great school, big dreams, and the opportunities they need to make them come true. We wont get there with top-down planning. Well get there by listening to and empowering every community, family, and individual. Well get there in harmony.
We also want to thank you for all your hard work and commitment over the past year. We are excited to bring this momentum into 2017 and to continue working together to make Boston a more resilient and equitable city.
"ROXBURY - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a new partnership with Boston University and Project Place as part of an ongoing effort to improve the neighborhoods around the Melnea Cass Boulevard and Massachusetts Avenue intersection through targeted investments in beautification, public safety and enhanced homeless and addiction recovery services. The neighborhood will be cleaned five days a week by Project Place, an area non-profit that provides employment opportunities for low income and homeless individuals.""While committing to better serve individuals battling addiction and homelessness, we're also beautifying their neighborhood and creating jobs,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""It goes to show that whenwe all come together, we can take on the toughest of challenges. I'm looking forward to seeing the results of this partnership that provides opportunities to those who need it most.""Over the summer, Mayor Walsh convened a group of City departments to better coordinate City efforts around the intersection of Melnea Cass Boulevard and Massachusetts Avenue. As one of its core goals, this group is focused on ensuring the streets are well-maintained, including more consistent cleanup, landscaping and public art. With its Medical School campus in this neighborhood, Boston University immediately stepped up to assist with this effort.""We are proud to support Mayor Walsh's efforts and are committed to be a good neighbor and partner,"" said Valeda Britton, Executive Director of Community Relations/Medical Campus for Boston University's Office of Government and Community Affairs. ""Boston University and its Medical Campus has called the South End our home for many years. Every day we strive to improve the health and well-being of our community members. This partnership between BU, the City, and Project Place is just one example of our commitment and dedication.""The Project Place's Clean Corners Bright Hopes program has dedicated more than 75 hours a week to act as ambassadors in the area around Melnea Cass Boulevard and Massachusetts Avenue. This work includes picking up litter and discarded syringes, maintaining planters at the intersection of Massachusetts Avenue and Southampton Street, and acting as a friendly face for visitors to the neighborhood.""Clean Corners is a social program that works. It's an affordable option for urban communities that want to keep their neighborhoods and business districts clean, and employees learn valuable skills through on-the-job training that they can later use to obtain mainstream employment,"" said Suzanne Kenney, Executive Director of Project Place. ""But what's so impressive about our work in the Melnea Cass Boulevard area is that our employees are also acting like ambassadors for independence. Over the course of a week, our Clean Corners employees field about 30 questions from area residents about how they can find employment and get help with housing and substance use recovery services.""Continuing to work on beautification is one of the City's top priorities. In addition to Project's Place work to clean the neighborhood, Mahoney's Garden Center has provided flowers at reduced cost.Project Place is acting as an important supplement to other critical City services, which have been enhanced in the neighborhood surrounding Melnea Cass Blvd. and Massachusetts Avenue.In addition to Project Place's efforts, four individuals from the Boston Public Health Commission's Outreach Team work seven days a week providing outreach to individuals in the Melnea Cass Boulevard-Massachusetts Ave neighborhood. They engage with approximately 400 people in the neighborhood each week, assisting about 10 percent of those engaged in accessing treatment and helping those once barred from a shelter to regain admission and get the support they need."
"ROXBURY -Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) Deputy Secretary Nani Coloretti, the Boston Housing Authority, Department of Neighborhood Development, Preservation of Affordable Housing, Madison Park Development Corporation, elected officials, and Whittier Street housing development residents to announce a $30 million federal grant to support the revitalization of Roxbury's Whittier Street housing development and the surrounding neighborhood.""As we shape Boston's growth, we must make sure our progress benefits everyone, especially long-term residents of the City,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm extraordinarily proud of the dedication of our partners who have come together to create a brighter future for the residents of Whittier Street and the surrounding neighborhood. We are so grateful for President Obama's leadership, for our strong working relationship with HUD, our Congressional delegation who worked hard to bring us to this day and of course, all of our community partners and the Whittier residents, who have been absolutely critical in working toward this grant.""""These game-changing investments will breathe new life into our neighborhoods and offer real opportunities for the families who call these communities home,"" said HUD Secretary Julin Castro. ""What we do today will leverage private investment and bear fruit for generations of families looking for an opportunity to thrive in neighborhoods that are connected to the economic and social fabric of their communities.""The Boston Housing Authority (BHA) and the Department of Neighborhood Development (DND) worked collectively to submit a second Choice Neighborhoods application for $30 million to redevelop the Whittier public housing development and the surrounding neighborhood.A crucial element of this project was the Boston Planning and Development Agency's (BPDA) work to certify the land use approvals for the planned development, which means that no further zoning or land use approvals are required to move forward with this project.HUD created the Choice Neighborhoods Initiative to transform neighborhoods and link housing improvements with appropriate services, schools, public assets, transportation and access to jobs. In 2011, Boston was one of just five cities nationwide to receive one of the first-ever HUD Choice Neighborhoods Initiative Implementation grants. The Whittier Street grant marks Boston's second Choice Neighborhoods grant.""This is great news for the City of Boston and the Lower Roxbury neighborhood. The Choice Neighborhoods federal grant will help transform the Whittier Street Housing Development by renovating existing affordable housing units and creating additional housing opportunities. This federal investment will also have an impact on job creation and the local economy. I appreciate HUD's support for the City's revitalization plan,"" stated Congressman Mike Capuano. ""This grant helps us to continue our commitment of providing healthy, safe, and accessible affordable housing to the residents that live within the Whittier corridor,"" said BHA Administrator Bill McGonagle. ""Every family in public housing deserves access, opportunity and the chance to strive for excellence. We believe this grant allows for these things to take place.""The Whittier Street housing development is part of the larger neighborhood of Roxbury, with an area of roughly one square mile and 2,418 households. Built in 1953, Whittier Street is over sixty years old, and the HUD Choice Neighborhood grant will allow the property to be updated to fit with the current mixed-use neighborhood.The plan for the Whittier community, driven by the goals of the Choice Neighborhoods program, encompasses three areas of focus and strategy: Neighborhood, Housing and People.As we shape Boston's growth, we must make sure our progress benefits everyone, especially long-term residents of the cityMayorWalshThe $30-million Choice Neighborhoods Initiative grant will leverage an additional $260 million in private and public funds for commercial and residential development and public facilities in the Whittier neighborhood.About the Boston Authority AuthorityBoston Housing Authority (BHA)provides affordable housing to more than 58,000 residents in and around the City of Boston. Residents are assisted through a combination of public housing and federal and state voucher subsidy programs that provide a wide variety of housing opportunities. As the largest public housing authority in New England, the BHA houses close to 9 percent of the city's residents.Our mission is to provide stable, quality affordable housing for low and moderate income persons to deliver these services with integrity and mutual accountability and to create living environments which serve as catalysts for the transformation from dependency to economic self-sufficiency."
Climate Ready Boston is MayorWalshs initiative to make Boston more resilient to the impacts of climate change. Mayor Martin J. Walsh released the latest report from Climate Ready Bostonyesterday after a year ofcollaboration across departments, different levels of government, various sectors, and our neighborhoods.This latest report looks at how issues, including rising sea levels and more extreme temperatures. will impact our neighborhoods, infrastructure systems, buildings, and environment. It recommends actions that reduce Bostons risks, and strengthens the resilience of our City. Now that the report is out, the City is moving forward to act on these recommendations.
The Beacon Hill Holiday Stroll, the SS Run, the North End Christmas Parade and Walters Run will impact traffic and parking in the City of Boston on Thursday, December 8, as well as on Saturday and Sunday, December 10 and 11. To travel to these events, information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.thehubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round trip rather than a one-way ticket.Thursday, December 8, 2016Charles Street will be closed to traffic between Cambridge Street and Beacon Street from 6 PM to 9 PM for the Beacon Hill Holiday Stroll.Saturday, December 10, 2016The SS Run will begin at 1 PM at the Lir Tavern, 903 Boylston Street in the Back Bay, and runners will head east on Boylston Street, turn left onto Berkeley Street, left onto Newbury Street, left onto Gloucester Street, left onto Boylston Street and return to the Lir Tavern. Traffic will be briefly held back at intersections as the 700 runners proceed along the route. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 6 AM to 4 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows:Sunday, December 11, 2016The North End Christmas Parade will begin at 1 PM at Andrew Puopolo (North End) Park and the parade with 200 marchers will proceed to Commercial Street to North Street, left onto Lewis Street, right onto Commercial Street, right onto Richmond Street, to Hanover Street, to Parmenter Street, right onto Salem Street, right onto Charter Street, right onto Hanover Street, right onto Cross Street, right onto Endicott Street, right at Keaney Square, right onto Prince Street, left onto Hanover Street, left onto Commercial Street, ending at the Andrew Puopolo Park. Traffic will be briefly held back at intersections as the parade follows the route. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 8 Am to 4 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows:Walters Run will begin at 11 AM at the YMCA at 15 Bellevue Street, West Roxbury, and 400 runners will proceed left onto Centre Street, right onto Mt. Vernon Street, right onto Grayfield Street, left onto Corey Street, left onto Dwinell Street, left onto Addington Road, left onto Lagrange Street, to Linnet Street, right onto Emmonsdale Road, left onto Tennyson Street, left onto Bellevue Street, finishing at #15 Bellevue Street. Traffic will be briefly held back at intersections as the runners proceed along the course.
"BOSTON - Thursday, December 8, 2016 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of the latest report for Climate Ready Boston, the Citys ongoing initiative to prepare Boston for the impacts of climate change. The report shows that Boston can tackle the challenge of climate change while creating new economic opportunities and improving quality of life in neighborhoods across the city.Boston is more climate-ready today than it has ever been before, said Mayor Walsh. We have the knowledge, talent and resources to prepare our neighborhoods and businesses for climate change and will continue to cut carbon emissions, tackling climate change head on.To address these challenges, the latest Climate Ready Boston report features four components:The report is available athttps://www.boston.gov/climate-ready.Boston residents are already impacted by extreme heat, rain, snow and flooding, said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space. Climate Ready Boston shows that these trends are expected to continue, and now we have a better understanding of what we need to do to prepare.Boston has made significant strides in planning for climate impacts and mitigating greenhouse gas emissions, and the state is proud to support the city in these efforts, said Energy and Environmental Affairs Secretary Matthew Beaton. As the Commonwealth continues with efforts to prevent and prepare for climate change, we look to build on the work of the City of Boston and bring techniques developed through Climate Ready Boston and in other innovative communities to help cities and towns across Massachusetts address these challenges.The City of Boston, in partnership with community members and business, education, health and other sectors, can advance this vision for a Climate Ready Boston by developing plans to protect shorelines improving transportation, energy, water and waste systems promoting building practices that increase resilience to impacts and increasing engagement and resources that promote community action and social resilience.The next phase of City-led planning will focus on the East Boston Greenway and Charlestowns Schrafft site, two areas most at-risk for flooding with available funding through the Massachusetts Office of Coastal Zone Management. The projects will build on the vulnerability assessment developed through Climate Ready Boston findings, and will develop and design coastal resiliency strategies. The City of Boston issued a request for proposals (RFP) for that project on November 18th.The East Boston and Charlestown projects are only one component of the Citys implementation plan. The City of Boston intends to ensure that all of Boston is climate-ready and that the most complex flooding pathways pose less of a risk to its residents, businesses, and institutions. Even as current projects are underway, the City will look to begin new neighborhood initiatives in Downtown and South Boston with more to follow. The Barr Foundation recently approved a $500,000 grant to support the Citys implementation of Climate Ready Boston.""This report clarifies the risks the City is facing from climate change. It includes powerful recommendations, and there is real urgency to start working on them. The Green Ribbon Commission stands ready to work in partnership with the City, said Amos Hostetter, founder and co-chair of Boston's Green Ribbon Commission.Climate Ready Boston works closely with Imagine Boston 2030, Go Boston 2030, the Citys Office of Resilience and Racial Equity, and other planning initiatives to ensure that climate adaptation supports the Mayors goals for economic growth and social equity across the city. Climate Ready Boston is led by the City of Boston in partnership with the Green Ribbon Commission and with support from the Massachusetts Office of Coastal Zone Management with major support from community partners. For more information about Climate Ready Boston, visit: https://www.boston.gov/climate-ready."
"EAST BOSTON - Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Boston Housing Authority (BHA), the state's Department of Housing and Community Development (DHCD) along with the development team of Trinity Financial and East Boston Community Development Corporation (CDC), celebrated the groundbreaking of Phase One of the redevelopment at Orient Heights, a 331-unit state public housing development in East Boston. Built in 1951, Orient Heights has long been the most physically distressed property in the Boston Housing Authority's state funded portfolio.""I am grateful to join with our state and community partners as we celebrate the beginning of a new era for the Orient Heights housing development,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This public housing facility has been the home of many families for decades, and I am proud that with the support of our state and federal partners we are revitalizing current facilities, while creating new living spaces for future residents.""The Orient Heights public housing development is owned and managed by the BHA, which undertook a planning process in 2008, funded by DHCD, to consider redevelopment options for the site. The BHA commissioned a master plan with an overall design concept and established the goals for the site's redevelopment-to transform the site into an attractive, energy-efficient and healthy housing community modeled on the successful transformations of the BHA's previous public housing redevelopments at sites such as West Broadway, Maverick, and Old Colony.""Every resident in Massachusetts deserves the opportunity to live in housing that is safe, affordable and modern, and the first phase of the redevelopment of Orient Heights is an important step forward for this community's residents,"" said Governor Charlie Baker. ""I congratulate the City of Boston for embracing efforts to modernize its public housing stock, and look forward to seeing the benefits this transformation will bring to the entire neighborhood.""""Strong neighborhoods are the building blocks of strong cities and towns, and this redevelopment project will further knit together the Orient Heights development with the rest of East Boston,"" said Lieutenant Governor Karyn Polito. ""This public-private collaboration between DHCD, the Boston Housing Authority, the East Boston Community Development Corporation, and Trinity Financial will create a housing development that will bring much-needed new amenities to its residents, while preserving every unit of affordable housing on-site.""Orient Heights Phase One includes the demolition of 90 units of existing housing and a decommissioned boiler plant, and the construction of 120 new units of affordable rental housing. The new housing units will be spread throughout four clustered townhouse buildings containing 40 dwelling units and a mid-rise building contacting 80 dwelling units. All 120 units will receive an operating subsidy-75 percent of the units will receive state public housing operating subsidy and 25 percent of the units will receive project-based subsidy through the Massachusetts Rental Voucher Program (MRVP).""Across the Commonwealth, we are making significant investments and working creatively to update and preserve state-funded housing units,"" saidHousing and Community Development Undersecretary Chrystal Kornegay.""Our administration is proud to support projects like this that ensure affordability, and create communities that are inclusive, vibrant and strengthen their surrounding neighborhoods.""Current Phase One residents of the site worked with a relocation team to find alternative housing options that best fit their needs. Options included moving to another BHA public housing development of their choice or moving to privately owned housing with a state subsidized MRVP voucher. Following the completion of this project, residents have the option to return to the redeveloped site when construction is complete or remain in place after initial relocation.""Phase one is the start of a long overdue modernization of the Orient Heights housing development,"" said State Senator Joseph Boncore. ""As we break ground, this project will ensure needed affordable and safe housing in a growing East Boston community.""""I am excited about this collaborative effort that will bring much needed investment and improvement to Orient Heights, said State Representative Adrian Madaro. ""This project will not only be transformative for residents of the development, but for the entire East Boston community. I thank Governor Baker and Mayor Walsh for making this a priority and I look forward to seeing it become a reality.""""I am very happy for the residents of Orient Heights. Our friends and neighbors who live in these affordable units deserve nice spaces to call home,"" said District 1 City Councilor Sal LaMattina.The Boston Planning and Development Agency (BPDA) authorized a 121A agreement for the project which will result in a streamlined regulatory process, an expedited construction schedule, and continues the tax exempt status for the public housing component.""Over the past 15 years, MassHousing has worked in partnership with the BHA to revitalize close to 2,000 units of its most physically distressed rental units in the city and transformed housing communities like Maverick Landing, Franklin Hill, Washington Beech, Old Colony, Lower Mills, Heritage and now at Orient Heights, into modern, mixed-income communities for the residents of Boston,'' said MassHousing Executive Director Tim Sullivan. ""We are very pleased to be working with the city of Boston, DHCD, Trinity Financial, and all the public and private partners who are committed to the redevelopment of Orient Heights.''In January 2015, the BHA selected the development team of Trinity Financial and East Boston CDC to work with BHA and DHCD to finalize a redevelopment strategy for the site. This development team will secure financing to implement the redevelopment, and will own and manage the buildings post-redevelopment subject to applicable laws and regulations. The BHA will continue to own the land and will lease the land to Trinity affiliated entities.""We're thrilled to begin Phase One of the Orient Heights development,"" said Trinity Financial Vice President of Development Eva Erlich. ""The multi-phased project will help deliver the type of housing the East Boston community needs: housing that is affordable, energy efficient, accessible, and integrated with the rest of the East Boston community. Phase One will also result in updates and improved housing for the residents in the initial 90 units. We're looking forward to working with our partners to create a development that the entire community can benefit from.""""We are looking forward to working with our development partners Trinity Financial to revitalize the community as we successfully did together at the Maverick development in Eastie several years ago"" stated Bill McGonagle, BHA Administrator.The total development cost for Orient Heights Phase One is approximately $51.2 million. The financing plan includes $17.5 million in private equity raised through an allocation of federal four percent Low-Income Housing Tax Credits tax-exempt bonds for construction financing $32.725 million in state public housing capital funds from BHA and DHCD and affordable housing resources from the City of Boston.Today's groundbreaking furthers Mayor Walsh's commitment to increasing affordable housing options for residents and families in Boston. As part of the sale of the Winthrop Square Garage in downtown Boston, Mayor Walsh will advocate for the allocation of $10 million in funding to be used for additional improvements at Orient Heights.Mayor Walsh's administration to date has built historic levels of affordable housing as part of the effort to create 53,000 new units of housing at a variety of income levels across the city by 2030, including setting a 15-year record for housing completions, surpassing the record of new affordable housing units permitted in a single year, and leveraging the private development market to ensure the continued development of affordable housing in Boston through changes to the Inclusionary Development Policy.About the Boston Housing AuthorityThe Boston Housing Authority (BHA) is a public agency that provides subsidized housing to low and moderate income individuals and families. In addition to conventional public housing communities throughout Boston, BHA offers rental assistance programs. BHA receives federal and state funding in order to provide housing programs to individuals and families. BHA's mission is to provide stable, quality affordable housing for low and moderate income persons to deliver these services with integrity and mutual accountability and to create living environments which serve as catalysts for the transformation from dependency to economic self-sufficiency.About Trinity FinancialSince 1987, Trinity Financial has pursued a distinctive vision in real estate development,dedicated to revitalizing neighborhoods, strengthening commerce and fostering opportunitiesthrough a collaborative urban spirit. Our work spans half a dozen residential and commercialspecialties, from multi-unit housing to transit-oriented development. Across that spectrum,Trinity projects demonstrate a high caliber of vision and attention to detail, which sets them apart and has led to sustainable success."
The City of Boston Employee Assistance Program has some great ideas for keeping stress to a minimum. As always, the EAP is available to all City employees and their families members should you need support. Happy Holidays to all!
"BOSTON - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston has issued aFinal Cable Television (CATV) Licenseto Verizon New England. The license covers three neighborhoods: Dorchester, the Dudley Square neighborhood in Roxbury and West Roxbury. The license anticipates future expansion of the service area to additional neighborhoods, with the first service area expansion expected to include Hyde Park, Mattapan, and other areas of Roxbury and Jamaica Plain.""Boston will continue to grow and thrive, and Boston's residents need fast, reliable communications services built on the latest technologies,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward to working with Verizon to bring more choice and upgraded technology to Boston's residents and businesses.""In April, the City of Boston and Verizonannounced a partnershipto bring a new fiber-optic network platform to Boston, replacing copper infrastructure. Since then, Verizon has been constructing their network and has already installed fiber-optic wiring necessary to offer service to 25,000 homes and businesses by year's end. The signing of the cable license clears the way for Verizon to begin selling Fios service before the end of the year.""We are appreciative of the leadership of Mayor Walsh and his staff to quickly bring choice and competition to Boston,"" said Bob Mudge, executive vice president for Strategic Initiatives at Verizon. ""This shows what's possible when the public and private sector are both willing to try a new approach to deploying fiber-optic technology.""The license was issued in accordance with the regulations of the Massachusetts Department of Telecommunications and Cable. The City held two public hearings and solicited public input throughout the process. Video of the hearings and other documents related to the licensing process are availableonline.Boston's partnership with Verizon make Boston one of the most technologically advanced cities in the country by replacing its copper-based infrastructure with a state-of-the-art fiber-optic network platform across the city. The new network will offer enormous bandwidth and speeds. Through an investment of more than $300 million from Verizon over six years, this change will bring increased competition and choice for broadband and entertainment services in Boston, and support the ongoing efforts to spur innovation and economic opportunity in all neighborhoods."
"BOSTON - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a proposal to increase Boston's residential property tax exemption for the first time since 2000. The proposal would reduce average property tax bills for single family, owner-occupied residences by $299. If adopted, the proposal would increase the residential tax exemption for taxpayers who occupy their homes as their principal residences to 35 percent in an effort to provide substantial tax relief to homeowners in Boston. The average property tax bill for these taxpayers would decrease from $3,533 to $3,234.""The City of Boston has been rapidly growing and expanding over the past few years and it's paying off,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Whether they've lived here for decades or just moved in, our residents are the foundation to this vibrant and thriving city. We're happy to let Boston homeowners keep a little more money in their pockets come tax season with this increase in the residential exemption.""This proposal was filed by City Councilor Mark Ciommo after the state last week passed a law, led by Joint Committee on Revenue Chairmen Jay R. Kaufman and Michael J. Rodrigues and advocated for by Mayor Walsh, that increased the maximum residential exemption in Boston. If passed by the City Council, the residential tax exemption will exceed $2,000 for the first time, representing an increase of $472 over last year's amount. Each qualifying homeowner will save $2,435 on their property tax bill by qualifying for the exemption.""It gives me great satisfaction to have worked with the Mayor and his administration, the Governor, and my City Council colleagues to deliver significant tax relief to our resident-owner households,"" said Mark Ciommo, District 9 City Councilor and Chair of the Boston City Council Committee on Ways and Means.The residential exemption is an important tool that provides support to the middle class in the City. Increasing the residential exemption will keep Boston's taxes competitive with other communities, as the average residential tax bill in Boston will fall 38 percent below last year's statewide average of $5,247.A historically strong business and real estate climate in Boston has resulted in record new tax revenue growth, producing $75.5 million in growth to the tax base due to new construction and properties being added to the tax base, the highest amount ever produced by the City in new growth.Homeowners would see the proposed rates reflected in their third quarter tax bills that will be sent out at the end of the year. Fiscal Year 2017 assessments are based on values as of January 1, 2016. Information about the residential tax exemption is available online by visitingBoston.gov."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and SPARK Boston announced the five 2016 SPARK Impact Award winners at an award ceremony on Thursday, December 1, at MassChallenge.""Congratulations to the winners of the 2016 SPARK Impact Awards, and thank you to all who submitted nominations,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The young men and women we honor are true changemakers, sharing their talent and innovation with Boston. I look forward to the many accomplishments they will continue to bring to our City.""Mayor Walsh put out an open call for nominations for the 2016 SPARK Impact Awards this summer. A selection committee comprised of SPARK Boston Council members reviewed over a hundred nominations in order to select these finalists, whose personal stories can be found on SPARK Boston'swebsite. A round of online voting determined the winners in each category.In addition to the award presentation, the event featured a networking reception, a keynote speech by award winning filmmaker and arts advocate Jae Williams, and award presentation by 2015 Impact Award winner and CEO of Zapp RX Zoe Barry.Visit SPARK Boston's website to learn more about the 2016 SPARK Impact Awards and join the conversation on Twitter using the hashtag #SPARKImpact.Boston is home to a large and diverse millennial population. SPARK Boston (formerly ONEin3) is a City of Boston initiative that aims to empower the millennial generation to play a greater role in planning for the future of our city.SPARK Boston focuses on engaging the next generation of civic leaders and social entrepreneurs in the work of city government. This will shape how the City designs and develops policies, convenes stakeholders for important initiatives, and works collaboratively with young people to shape Boston's future. Learn more about Spark Boston online."
"BOSTON - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today sent the Jim Brooks Stabilization Act, a proposed home rule petition, to the City Council for its consideration. Once approved by the City Council and enacted by the State legislature, this law would help protect residential tenants and former homeowners living in their homes post-foreclosure against arbitrary, unreasonable, discriminatory, or retaliatory evictions, and help ensure that tenants and former homeowners are aware of their rights under state law.""This legislation is just one piece of our larger, city-wide agenda to prevent displacement,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""It's critical that we strike a good balance between protecting tenants' rights and supporting them during challenging times, and recognizing the important role landlords play in the development and growth of our city.""The text of the petition was the result of many months of conversations between the City, the advocacy community, and local property owners. The petition is expected to be refined further before submission to the state legislature.The petition codifies conditions under which landlords can evict a tenant or a former homeowner living in their foreclosed unit. These conditions include:In addition, the petition also creates requirements for landlords to notify the City in case of eviction. Landlords will be required to provide the City of Boston's Office of Housing Stability with a copy of any notice to quit, lease non-renewal letter, or notice of fixed term lease expirationwithin two daysof serving the notice on the tenant or former homeowner.In the event of an eviction, tenants have many rights they can execute. To ensure that tenants know these rights, once notified of the potential eviction, the Office of Housing Stability will notify tenants and former landlords of their rights by mail. Failure to provide the City with notice would void a landlord's right to proceed with the eviction.It's critical that we strike a good balance between protecting tenants' rights and supporting them during challenging times, and recognizing the important role landlords play in the development and growth of our cityMayorWalshThere are several exemptions built into the proposed petition. For example, any units owned by a small landlord who is a Massachusetts resident owning fewer than seven rental units are exempt, as is temporary or transitional housing such as substance use treatment and recovery programs and transitional housing for individuals who are homeless.Public housing units already subject to eviction restrictions under state and federal law are exempt, as are hospitals, skilled nursing facilities, and health facilities along with units held in a trust on behalf of a developmentally disabled individual, or managed or owned by colleges or universities for housing undergraduate students.The petition is named for Jim Brooks, a Roxbury community activist who died in April of this year.Click here to read theJim Brooks Community Stabilization Act."
Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Boston Parks and Recreation Department, Boston Veterans Services, The Coca-Cola Company, and the National Recreation and Park Association (NRPA) offer Boston residents Troops for Fitness, a program to help bolster the citys health and fitness initiatives by utilizing the expertise of local veterans.As part of the Coca-Cola Troops for Fitness program, the Parks Department offers free workshops and classes instructed by military veterans at parks and community centers citywide. The veterans lead exercise programs including boot camps, golf clinics, cardio and strength training classes, running groups, family yoga, therapeutic yoga, and hiking workouts.Mayor Walsh is committed to making physical activity programs and nutrition education in Bostons neighborhoods a high priority for his office.This initiative allows us to offer free access to health and wellness resources for all neighborhoods in Boston while empowering local military veterans, thanks to the support from Coca-Cola and the NRPA, said Mayor Walsh. Troops for Fitness benefits all participants, from attendees enjoying the free workshops to the veterans who will be using their well-honed skills to get Bostonians healthy and active.
"BOSTON - Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced, in partnership with the Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) and the City Clerk's Office, that beginning today Boston.gov is now the official source of record for all public meetings, hearings, and notices. This information is now available atBoston.gov/public-notices.""I am proud we are taking this step to increase transparency and make it easier for residents to access information about public meetings,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I firmly believe that increasing accessibility will boost civic engagement and improve our political processes. This important initiative allows residents to access vital information from any device and stay connected with the public meetings at City Hall.""Increasing accessibility will boost civic engagement and improve our political processes.Mayor Martin J. WalshFor decades, a physical bulletin board on the first floor at City Hall had been the official source for this information. The City worked with the State Attorney General and changed its posting process to transition toBoston.gov/public-noticesas the official record. Residents are able to access public notice information on any device.In addition to the website, residents will also be able to access this information on the first floor of City Hall, via a digital display. This announcement supports Mayor Walsh's goals of making information and resources more transparent and accessible for all residents. ""I applaud Mayor Walsh for his ongoing leadership around creating innovative tools that connect Boston's residents with City Hall,"" said Maureen Feeney, City Clerk for the City of Boston. ""He continues his commitment to open and accessible government.""The City has also released the code for this project to the City's publicGitHub repository. This will allow other cities to utilize Boston's code should they wish to replicate the initiative. It also allows members of the community to help the City improve the application, in keeping with the City's decision to open source Boston.gov.This effort is preceded by the City's Department of Innovation and Technology's extensive website redesign and open sourcing ofBoston.gov."
"BOSTON - Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM), the Boston Transportation Department (BTD) and the Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) today announced a one-year pilot program to study the relationship between parking price and demand. Starting onJanuary 3, 2017, the City will adjust meter rates in the Back Bay and Seaport neighborhoods to study how parking meter rates can reduce the search time for parking and reduce street congestion.""Boston is focused on reducing crashes and providing safe, livable streets for all pedestrians, cyclists and drivers,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This parking pilot will help us manage parking spots more efficiently, reducing congestion, gridlock and distracted behavior by drivers. We look forward to working with drivers, residents and businesses to provide the best quality of life for all in our City.""The pilot was developed alongside a larger study to be released byA Better City, a nonprofit dedicated to improving Boston's economic health and quality of life. This study examines the future of parking in Boston and how parking policies can best promote economic opportunity and enhance community access.""Over the past year, A Better City and the City of Boston examined existing conditions of parking in Boston as well as reviewed best practices from around the nation to help improve the parking system for residents, visitors and the business community,"" said Richard Dimino, President & CEO of A Better City and Co-Chair ofGo Boston 2030.""I look forward to the kick-off of this pilot, which is based on proven strategies that should make parking more available while implementing a flexible pricing model.""Parking meter prices have not been adjusted in Boston since 2011, when they were raised to $1.25 per hour, the current price for all metered spots throughout the City. The goal of the parking pilot is to better allocate curb spaces. At the end of the pilot experiment, a portion of any increase in revenue will be reinvested locally. All parking meter revenue is deposited into the City's Parking Meter Fund, and its uses are limited to transportation-related purposes.The Performance Parking Pilot will test two different models to adjust parking demand. In parking spots in the Back Bay, meter prices will be raised to $3.75 per hour, bringing prices in line with street parking in other major cities.The Back Bay has a mix of multi-space and single-space meters, and approximately 1,650 spaces will be impacted. The Back Bay area included in the pilot is bounded by Beacon St., Arlington St., Stuart St., Mass Ave and Charlesgate.Over the course of the pilot, the City will collect data on parking patterns on each block of the pilot area to measure how parking occupancy changes with this adjustment in price. Currently, Back Bay street parking is at 90% occupancy rates each day. The goal of this change is to make drivers less inclined to park at a meter all day, and instead utilize off-street garages and parking lots or shift to another mode of travel. By encouraging all-day parkers to seek off-street parking, there is projected to be more turnover in the parking pilot areas, increasing access for those short-term visitors who wish to park for quick trips visiting shops, businesses or restaurants.In the Seaport, the demand for on street parking changes throughout the day. For this reason, the parking pilot in the Seaport will employ parking meter sensors to adjust parking prices based on parking occupancy, and parking spot location. Prices will be re-set every two months, and will remain consistent in two-month increments.Prices will stabilize when occupancy reaches the target of 85 percent, about one space open per block.OnJanuary 3, 2017all meters in the Seaport pilot area will be priced at $1.50 an hour and adjust by 50 cents every two months. Approximately 591 metered spots will be adjusted over 40 blocks. High demand blocks will increase by 50 cents, while lower occupied blocks decrease by 50 cents. The minimum price will be $1 per hour, and the maximum price will be $4 per hour. Price will vary by four time bands (weekdays8 a.m. - 12 p.m.12 p.m. - 5 p.m.5 p.m. - 8 p.m.and all daySaturday). Prices will be posted on meters and available online.""With Performance Parking, Boston drivers should be able to park easier and circle less,"" said Chris Osgood, Chief of Streets. ""Less time spent each trip searching for parking can mean less congestion on our streets, less emissions in our air and more time spent where we want to be -- at our final destinations.""""Our top priority through our Vision Zero work is to reduce serious injuries and fatalities from traffic crashes through effective policies, engineering, community engagement and enforcement,"" said Gina Fiandaca, Commissioner of the Boston Transportation Department. ""Drivers searching for a parking spot are distracted drivers, and we know that around 30 percent of street traffic is made up of drivers searching for street parking. A key goal of this pilot is to open up more spaces and cut down on drivers looking for spots, creating safer streets for all.""""The City of Boston has a great track record of testing new parking technology over the last few years and it's exciting to follow the lead of other cities who have used price to shift parking demand as a next step,"" said Kris Carter,co-Chair of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics. ""We are encouraged by results in other cities, which saw a significant reduction in time spent searching for parking spots by implementing these practices.""City officials have been meeting with community and business groups throughout the year, after announcing plans to start the pilot program in 2015.The pilot will run through the end of 2017, and maps with detailed boundaries and prices of the two pilot areas can be found online. In addition, parking prices will be posted on meters and the City's Park Boston app. Residents are encouraged to share feedback on the pilot throughperformanceparking@boston.gov."
"BOSTON -Mayor Martin J. Walsh and City Council President Michelle Wu today announced a proposal to expand the successful ""Acoustic on Main"" pilot program to allow small businesses in designated business districts to host acoustic performers without obtaining a live entertainment license from the City of Boston. Filed by President Wu, the ordinance aims to increase foot traffic to neighborhoods, bolster small businesses and further support the vibrant arts community in Boston.""Promoting our talented artists while bolstering our small businesses here in Boston is a win-win,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""With performances in bakeries and restaurants, local shops and nonprofits, the best of Boston is showcased when artists and local businesses come together in our communities. The City is taking steps today to create more opportunities for residents and visitors to support and enjoy Boston's thriving neighborhoods.""""This ordinance empowers Boston's small business owners to enliven our business districts and showcase our arts and culture talent,"" said President Wu. ""By eliminating red tape for acoustic performances in our small businesses, we hope to give neighborhood retailers another tool to entice customers to shop local.""The proposed ordinance would go into effect onJanuary 1, 2017and requires businesses to be registered and licensed, limits performances to the hours of10 a.m. to 10 p.m., only allows for one microphone to be used and no more than five acoustic performers or musicians at a single venue at one time. Small businesses located in residential districts would still be required to obtain a live entertainment license when hosting acoustic performers.""With the positive experience we had from the pilot last year, I am excited to hear about this extension,"" said Tom Devlin of Devlin's Restaurant in Brighton. ""There was no downside to it at all. It brought a sense of vibrancy to places and more opportunities for residents to chill out and enjoy talented musicians. It's a nice break from the every day.""""This extended program is an exciting opportunity for our young musicians. By providing a low risk way for businesses to hire entertainment, we are encouraging them, and their customers, to become champions for our up-and-coming talent,"" said J. Curtis Warner Jr., Associate Vice President of Community & Government Relations at Berklee College of Music. ""Working together in this way can really highlight Boston's strong music scene and business community.""""Acoustic on Main"" was originally launched as a one-time event to highlight National Small Business Week and to help support small businesses after a challenging winter in 2015. Overall, the City has hosted three ""Acoustic on Main"" events, which led to approximately 150 participating businesses, 250 registered musicians and hundreds of performances in neighborhoods across Boston."
"BOSTON -Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the default speed limit on City of Boston streets will be reduced from 30 mph to 25 mph effectiveJanuary 9, 2017. Thanks to the combined efforts of the Mayor, Boston City Council, Governor Baker, MassDOT and Massachusetts State Legislature this change will improve roadway safety for people walking, driving, and bicycling on city streets. State owned roadways located in the City of Boston will not be affected by this new law. Visitboston.gov/25mphtolearn how to show your support and get engaged.This summer, Governor Charlie Baker signed a law giving cities and towns across the Commonwealth the authority to reduce the default speed limit to 25 mph. Today, the Boston City Council took a final vote approving Mayor Walsh's petition to reduce Boston's speed limit based on the new state law.""I am pleased that our hard work and commitment to creating safer roadways for all users by reducing the default speed limit to 25 mph will become a reality in January,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This is an important milestone in our Vision Zero efforts of bringing the number of traffic-related deaths to zero, and with approval of this petition we are one step closer to achieving that goal. I would like to commend Governor Baker, Senator William Brownsberger, Representative Jay Livingstone, Representative Liz Malia, Representative Denise Provost, our Dorchester delegation and their colleagues in the state legislature, Boston City Council, MassDOT and all partners and stakeholders involved who recognize the positive implications that a reduced default speed limit will offer Boston.""""By lowering the City's speed limit, we are taking concrete steps to making our streets safer for pedestrians, drivers, and bicyclists,"" said Senator Linda Dorcena Forry. ""I want to thank the many residents of Boston who brought this issue forward and my colleagues in government for their collective work in making this important change a reality.""""Trafficcongestion and speeding cars are among the most common issues I hear about from constituents,"" said Dorchester Representative Dan Hunt. ""I was proud to sponsor this amendment because studies show that a car's ability to stop is increased on small streets by minor reductions in speed. Taking this one action has the potential to greatly improve pedestrian safety in our neighborhoods and as we move to a true multimodal transportation city, this measure will prove to be invaluable.""This is an important milestone in our Vision Zero efforts of bringing the number of traffic-related deaths to zero, and with approval of this petition we are one step closer to achieving that goal.Mayor Walsh""The enforcement of this safety initiative will make our streets safer for drivers, pedestrians and bikers alike,"" said District 3 Boston City Councilor Frank Baker. ""I look forward to its implementation, as well as the creation of innovative traffic calming measures.""""I'm thrilled that we've taken an important first step to improving pedestrian and traffic safety throughout the City of Boston,"" said District 8 City Councilor Josh Zakim. ""While there is more work to be done, we have now laid the groundwork for further creative solutions that enhance both safety and quality of life, especially in the downtown neighborhoods of District 8.""As ofJanuary 9, unless otherwise posted, the speed limit on all City of Boston roadways will be 25 mph. Boston Transportation Department teams are auditing existing speed limit signs, and will fabricate new signs as necessary. 25 mph speed limit signs will be posted at entrance points and other strategic locations in the City.""The City of Boston is committed to providing safe and functional streets for all users of our roadways, and reducing our default speed limit is one of many steps being taken to assist us in accomplishing this goal,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. ""Drivers should continue to watch for posted signs that indicate a modification to the default speed limit, such as in School Zones where the speed limit may be lower than 25 mph.""Although a significant number of improvements have been made to Boston's streets in recent years, traffic related tragedies continue to persist. To date in 2016, at least 17 people have been killed in traffic crashes on City of Boston streets. Twelve of these people were killed while walking and five were killed while in a motor vehicle.Slower speeds will help decrease these numbers, saving lives and preventing injuries. Studies show that there is a direct link between the speed that a vehicle is traveling when a crash occurs and the likelihood of a fatality or severe injury resulting from that crash. At 20 mph there is a 17% likelihood of a fatality or severe injury occurring, and that number jumps to 79% at 40 mph.The City of Boston expects that reducing Boston's default speed limit to 25 mph will help in the City's effort to prioritize safety and reach the City of Boston's Vision Zero goal to eliminate serious and fatal crashes on Boston's streets by 2030."
The following streets in Chinatown are currently closed to traffic due to a water main break and manhole fire:Drivers are encouraged to detour around the Chinatown neighborhood as traffic is congested on adjacent streets.
Celebrate the winter and holiday season at the Boston Public Library through a variety of performances, crafts, films, and open houses:About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"BOSTON -Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced an increase in employment standards for the Boston Residents Jobs Policy (BRJP) and Boston Employment Commission (BEC) as part of an ongoing effort to create more employment opportunities for Boston residents, persons of color and women. The new standards address the need to create more inclusive employment opportunities during the third largest construction boom in Boston's history.""The success of Boston's growing economy relies upon our ability to open the doors of opportunity to all our residents, and remove barriers causing economic inequity throughout our city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We must work to ensure that the construction industry reflects both the great talent and the great diversity Boston has to offer. By setting new goals for ourselves, we honor our commitment to creating a more prosperous, more inclusive city.""Since its creation in 1983, the Boston Residents Jobs Policy has been the City of Boston's signature policy for ensuring resident employment on City sponsored, privately funded and federally mandated development projects within City limits.The updated ordinance, filed today, requires for the first time that Boston residents represent a majority on each of the covered construction projects and makes a bold statement about the changing nature of Boston's demographics.The new employment standard increases the percentage of Boston residents and workers of color and women on each development site, and applies the same standards to apprentices.The ordinance is as follows:""The revised ordinance creates, from the Boston Jobs Coalition's perspective, a significantly stronger tool in our fight for equity for Boston workers of all races, workers of color, and women in Boston's booming construction industry,"" said Chuck Turner, former City Councilor and consultant to the Boston Jobs Coalition. ""It also strengthens our fight against this region's escalating income inequality. We thank Mayor Walsh for this significant step forward in our fight for economic justice.""In an effort to streamline the compliance process, the BEC will now be responsible for compliance review of all covered projects, including those monitored by the Boston Planning and Development Agency, and the City Council will hold a hearing to review the work of the Boston Employment Commission twice per year.The Mayor's Office of Economic Development worked together with community advocates and stakeholders in the construction industry in developing the revised ordinance that addresses the changing nature of Boston's demographics and the need to promote equity in a vital economic engine of Boston's growth.About the Mayor's Office of Economic DevelopmentThe Economic Development Cabinet's mission is to make Boston an appealing and accessible place for working families, entrepreneurs, businesses, and investors to innovate, grow, and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for all Bostonians and the experience for all visitors. Learn more at on theirwebsite.About the Boston Employment Commission (BEC)The Boston Employment Commission is a seven-member body appointed by the Mayor and mandated to review construction projects for compliance with the Boston Residents Jobs Policy. The Commission convenes a monthly public hearing for projects under construction in the City of Boston."
"BOSTON -Mayor Martin J. Walsh, in partnership with the Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts Foundation (BCBSMAF), today announced the City of Boston has been selected to receive a $50,000 Special Initiatives Grant to conduct a comprehensive needs assessment, the first step towards developing Boston's first-ever citywide strategy for prevention of Substance Use Disorders (SUDs).The resulting assessment will be used to map current prevention efforts, increase access to underserved high-risk youth, and catalyze future investments in prevention. The Mayor's Office of Recovery Services (ORS) will use the findings of this assessment to develop a strategic plan to set prevention priorities and build comprehensive responses across the city.""Too many Bostonians know firsthand the devastation that substance abuse causes in our City's families and neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This assessment will help provide a holistic overview that identifies gaps in coordination among the services and programs available for those struggling with addiction so that together we can build an unbreakable chain of recovery services. I thank the Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts Foundation for their continued support in our recovery efforts, and look forward to using the findings of this assessment to strengthen Boston's recovery service system.""""Through this partnership, we have a unique opportunity to collaborate with the City of Boston to include prevention education as part of the strategy to fight the opioid epidemic that has claimed so many lives in the city of Boston,"" said Audrey Shelto, President of the Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts Foundation.A six month process will begin in December to conduct a community needs assessment of drug and alcohol prevention programming, as well as an identification of best practice models and recommendations for the City of Boston. The assessment and work plan will consist of:A Youth Prevention Advisory Group - comprised of local youth substance use experts and key community stakeholders - will also be assembled to help guide this process. This effort will consist of collaborative efforts with community health centers, after-school programs, public/private schools, and faith-based partners to create a comprehensive city/county-wide prevention strategy. This process will allow ORS to be prepared to provide policy options or other recommendations that will address the current gaps in capacity and prevention needs. It will also better align the City's prevention services with best practices and lead to an innovative model for the City of Boston.""Identifying both strengths and gaps in current prevention efforts is key to continuing to grow and strengthen the work being done through a number of partnerships with public health, our health care partners, and the City,"" said BPHC Executive Director Monica Valdes Lupi, JD, MPH. ""We're grateful for MGH's long term commitment to addressing the national opioid epidemic, a public health issue that is deeply impacting Boston residents.""""Under this partnership with BCBSMAF, the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services has a unique opportunity to comprehensively expand the scope of its prevention efforts to fully support our young people and their families,"" said Jen Tracey, Director of the Office of Recovery Services.In 2015, BCBSMAF partnered with the City of Boston to create Addiction and Recovery Services in the City of Boston, aBlueprint for Building a Better System of Care, a report on the status of substance abuse and addiction in the City of Boston. This report led to the creation of ORS and helped guide the office through its first year. ORS' initial efforts, rooted in BCBSMAF's findings, have led to tangible cross-agency coordination within the City, and successful advocacy for policy changes to enhance recovery services across Boston.In September, Mayor Walsh launched 311 for Recovery Services, the City of Boston's hotline support system designed to help people struggling with substance use and addiction to access recovery resources."
"I have been truly blessed over the past two decades to work for the taxpayers of Boston. It has been my honor Commissioner Michael Dennehy (far right)BOSTON - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that Public Works Commissioner Michael Dennehy will be leaving the City of Boston to become the Town Administrator of Milton. Dennehy is a twenty-year member of the Public Works Department. For the last three years, he has led this critical Department, which handles all residential recycling and trash collection as well as builds, lights and maintains the City's streets, sidewalks and bridges. Dennehy's last day will be on Friday, November 25.""We owe great thanks to Michael for his incredible service to the City,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""He has exceptionally high standards for the services we deliver and has built a very strong team to meet those standards every day. Whether it was leading our City through our snowiest winter or ensuring that a 311 call was responded to quickly and well, Michael delivered for our residents. Milton is getting an excellent leader and a great public servant. We wish Michael the best.""Michael Dennehy joined the Public Works Department in 1996, working in the City's Highway Division. He helped lead the implementation of the City's first constituent relationship management system, assisted with the development of theBOS:311 appand inspired the creation of the companion app used by City employees called City Worker. He has served as the Public Works Commissioner since 2014.""I have been truly blessed over the past two decades to work for the taxpayers of Boston. It has been my honor,"" said Dennehy. ""I am equally thankful to have worked alongside the dedicated men and women of the Public Works Department who proudly deliver the basic city services to this world class City day in and day out.""Chris Osgood, the City's Chief of Streets, Transportation & Sanitation, will serve as the Acting Public Works Commissioner. With the addition of this role, Osgood will chair the Public Improvement Commission and support the work of the Public Work's Construction, Engineering & Permitting Divisions.Deputy Commissioner Michael Brohel will lead all core city service operations for the Public Works Department. This includes the City's response to snow, as well as overseeing Central Fleet, Code Enforcement, Highway Operations, Street Lighting and Waste Reduction."
"BOSTON - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today kicked off the City of Boston's annual ""Holidays on Main Streets"" campaign, a small business initiative to encourage Boston residents to shop local this holiday season. At the celebration held at the Roslindale Village Main Street holiday tree lighting, Mayor Walsh announced the relaunch of the ""#5onMain"" challenge, and recognized Small Business Saturday and related activities throughout the City of Boston Main Street Districts.""I'm urging every holiday shopper to enjoy what our Main Street districts have to offer this holiday season by participating in the '5 on Main' challenge,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our Main Street districts are an important part of our local economy. Out of every dollar spent in a local business district, 58 cents will be returned to that community, fueling our local economies and contributing to more vibrant neighborhoods.""Mayor Walsh's ""#5onMain"" challenge is designed to inspire holiday shoppers to support Main Streets and other local commercial districts during the holiday season. Participants pledge to support local businesses at least five times during the holiday season, either by purchasing gifts, dining or participating in local holiday events in Main Streets districts. Holiday shoppers are encouraged to accept the challenge via social media, using the hashtag ""#5onMain.""Our Main Street districts are an important part of our local economy. Out of every dollar spent in a local business district, 58 cents will be returned to that community.Mayor WalshRecent data from Deloitte University Press' 30th Annual Holiday Survey indicates that there will be an increase in consumer holiday spending, with average holiday spending projected at $1,462 in 2015, up from $1,299 in 2014. The survey shows although consumers are moving to shopping online, they still prefer to buy locally and in-store to support their local community and economy, find one-of-a-kind gifts and enjoy the convenience of shopping in their neighborhoods. According to the Small Business Association, nearly half of the working adults in Massachusetts are employed by a small business.To participate in the Mayor's Holiday Challenge on Twitter, Instagram or Facebook, use the hashtag #5onMain. To help shoppers and businesses participate in the Challenge, we have draft tweets for participants in oursocial media kit and a package of shareable graphics. For a list of Main Streets districts and to learn more about the program, visit the Boston Main Streets website."
"CHINATOWN - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined the Chinese Economic Development Council, Inc., Chia-Ming Sze Architect Inc., Consigli Construction Co., Inc., Eastern Bank, local and state officials and Chinatown residents to celebrate the grand opening of Oxford Ping On, a new, 60,000-square-foot affordable rental housing development on Oxford Street in Chinatown. The $26.7 million project, developed by the Chinese Economic Development Council, Inc. (CEDC), created 67 affordable rental apartments for Chinatown's low-income population. The construction project also generated more than 100 construction jobs.""I am proud that the City of Boston's commitment to this project has helped create 67 new homes -homes that will help ensure that the people who help make Chinatown the thriving, vibrant neighborhood it is will be able to stay in their community,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Boston is lucky to have this exemplary team of builders, designers, and partners who worked so closely with the Chinese Economic Development Council to create more affordable housing for working people in Chinatown.""Locatedin the Boston Empowerment Zone, adjacent to the Midtown Cultural Districton the site of a former parking lot, Oxford Ping On takes its name from the intersection of Oxford Street and Ping On Alley where it is located. The 11-story building features 48 studio apartments, 16 one-bedroom apartments and three two-bedroom apartments. The units are geared toward those earning no more than 30 to 60 percent of the area's median income and will provide a vital housing resource in the neighborhood.Surface parking is located directly across Ping On Street.""This beautiful building is a great example of what affordable housing can be in the City of Boston,"" said Matthew Consigli, President of Consigli Construction. ""Because we believe in the efforts of Mayor Walsh to increase the amount of affordable, workforce development housing throughout Boston, and we're honored to have built this new home for the Chinatown community.""Funding for the more than $26M rental housing development was made possible in part through a variety of funding sources, including more than $2M from the City of Boston's Department of Neighborhood Development's Leading the Way Fund and the Neighborhood Housing Trust Fund. Additionally, the project received Federal and State Tax Credits, and Massachusetts Department of Housing and Community Development contributed more than $3.7M in funding.In accordance with the City of Boston's Green Affordable Housing Program, the building utilized several green building design techniques, earning it the distinction of being LEED-Homes Silver certified by the U.S. Green Building Council. The project also meets the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency'sEnergy Starstandards.""I believe this sets a great example for this administration's intent and goal - to create more affordable housing for the City of Boston,"" said Ed Chiang, CEDC's Chairman of the Board. ""And that has also been CEDC's mission for the last 42 years - to assist the Asian-American community to become self-sufficient through affordable housing, economic development and job training.""About Chinese Economic Development Council, Inc. (CEDC)CEDC was founded in 1974 for the purpose of ""enhancing the economic development of the Chinese community in Boston."" CEDC has assisted the low-income, and often non-English-speaking, Asian residents of Chinatown to achieve economic and social self-sufficiency by developing not only affordable housing, but also incubator office space and employment training programs.About Consigli Construction Co., Inc. (Consigli)Consigli Construction Co., Inc.is a leading construction manager and general contractor with offices in Boston and Milford, Mass., Washington, D.C., Portland, Maine, Hartford, Conn., and New York State. Consigli's extensive portfolio features a diverse range of projects of various scale and serving a wide range of clients in the life sciences, historical, academics, residential and cultural industries throughout the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic regions. A fourth-generation family-owned business, Consigli is recognized by the Boston Business Journal as the second-largest construction company in Massachusetts and by Engineering News-Record as one of the 100-largest in the country. It has received numerous awards and recognition for its work and employment practices company wide. Follow us on Twitter (@Consigli1905) or on Facebook."
"BOSTON - Mayor Martin J. Walsh, together with the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM), today announced the preliminary findings from theBoston's Safest Driver competitionand encouraged Boston drivers to sign up in the Boston's Safest Driver competition. Those who sign up for the app this week will be entered to win up to $4,500 in prizes.Boston's Safest Driver app was created in partnership with the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics and the Vision Zero Task Force, Cambridge Mobile Telematics (CMT) and the Arbella Insurance Foundation. The smartphone app scores drivers on five behaviors associated with safer driving. To date, 98 users have been awarded over $3,400 in prizes, including prizes for people walking, biking or taking public transportation.Currently, more than 4,000 users have signed up for the app.For the most active users of the app (the top 25 percent of users), phone distraction scores dropped by 47 percent, hard braking scores by 37 percent and speeding scores by 35 percent. 17 percent of all drivers using the app have gone 25 days in a row or more of no phone usage.""Our top priority is creating streets that are safe for Boston's pedestrians, cyclists and drivers,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We know that when drivers are more attentive, we save lives, and this competition is a fun way to encourage drivers to use more caution when traveling on our streets. With Thanksgiving travel approaching, I encourage all Boston residents to commit to safer driving, and I thank Cambridge Mobile Telematics and the Arbella Insurance Foundation for their partnership in making this possible.""Boston's Safest Driver competition allows participants to challenge their family and friends, see how they rank in their community and win prizes for improvement each week. Between now andDecember 3, participants can download the app and win one of a dozen weekly prizes, provided by the Arbella Insurance Foundation, for everything from having the top score, to being the best new driver, to taking car-free trips. Downloading the app this week will also enter drivers into the grand prize competition where four skilled drivers will win up to $4,500 in prizes.""The competition is a fun way to approach a serious issue,"" said Kris Carter, Co-Chair of the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics. ""Safe driving is one more topic to discuss around the tableon Thursdayand we hope people will show off their high scores to spur competition over the final two weeks.""The competition will culminate onDecember 3, 2016, with the announcement of the safest drivers in the region to be announced shortly thereafter. A major goal of the program is to allow users to become more aware of their own driving habits, particularly distractions from mobile phones, which the app informs the user about after a drive has been completed.According to the United States Department of Transportation, 3,179 people were killed and 431,000 people were injured in motor vehicle crashes involving distracted drivers in 2014.In 2015, Mayor Walsh launched Vision Zero Boston as a commitment to focus the City's resources on eliminating fatal and serious traffic crashes in Boston by 2030. The Vision Zero initiative explicitly promises action on addressing distracted driving, reducing speeding, and the exploration of new engagement strategies - all goals that sparked the partnership between CMT and the City.To download the Boston's Safest Driver app, visit:https://www.boston.gov/transportation/bostons-safest-driver-competitionTo view Boston's Safest Driver video, visit:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Ws47k1lrV0"
The human being matters most - not the place that will become home. What does it mean to house a person? What does it mean to say weve housed 186 chronically homeless individuals?It means weve ended a collective 1,015 years of homelessness, sure. We are making incredible progress. For my part, however, I want to know more. I want to understand each of those 186 individuals what works and what doesnt work for them. These individuals are our guides to getting it right. We must learn from them. As providers, we often have no idea  nor could we, until we stop and listen closely  about the lived experience of each individual we serve. If I fail to ask those I serve what they think and if I fail to take their lead, I fail them. As providers, it is critical that we value the power of human connection - that feeling that makes you feel embraced, understood, seen, and safe.Believe it or not, finding housing can be scary. Many, many individuals experiencing homelessness have unfortunately experienced significant trauma and anxiety in their lives. Taking the risk to exit homelessness a rhythm of life that many individuals I serve experience as predictable in order to become housed on your own often instills immobilizing fear. So, I make time for levity and laughter. When we laugh, our fear and anxiety mechanisms cant fire up neurologically, our brains just dont work this way.As an example, a middle-aged man I was working with suddenly became very agitated at a housing surge, just after he received a housing offer. He wanted to leave the event, return to shelter, and not accept the unit. Lets just walk back, he said. I cant be housed. I dont have a job. I dont have a purpose.While we walked, he explained that he would somehow become isolated from the world once he was housed. His fear was real after being homeless for so long, he didnt know how to manage a home without also having work something that felt grounded, normal, and known. So we talked. And talked. He cried a bit, but we also had some laughs and cracked some silly jokes. And we talked some more. Ultimately, he accepted the housing after we came up with a plan for him to work with a case manager who could help him continue working towards employment. When someone feels seen, heard and understood, its easier to help them resolve their challenges. And believe me, becoming housed can have a set of challenges that are daunting, especially for people who have had traumatic experiences. Obtaining a complex set of housing-related documents can feel insurmountable, but if we can get to the root of the fear and worry, and validate it, it becomes easier to break the larger concerns into individual smaller tasks that no longer appear so daunting. In all honesty, my first job in human services was one of the worst experiences of my professional career. I was terrified. Who was I to think I could help? I came to this work with so many privileges by birth advantages that many of the people I serve didnt have. I see new employees experience this same existential crisis. But now, I am well equipped to offer them guidance and support so that they do not themselves become overwhelmed. First, you have to dive into the learning and the listening and even then, youre not always going to get it right. Or have all the answers. You cant possibly because each individual is so unique... which requires more listening.Thats where Bostons Way Home comes into play. It gives me the chills to think about how much we can accomplish together it is a privilege to be a part of a group where each person at the table is able to share their special expertise, long experience, and ask the really hard questions.Much of our work involves a suite of services with silly acronyms, but weve each learned so much about how our colleagues work, who their programs serve, and why. This workgroup has accelerated the process of ending chronic homelessness immeasurably. And lets be honest I cant complain about XYZ Agency, because Im sitting next to someone who represents that agency, who, by the way, is someone I like and appreciate. Its a real personal context.Because we are working together, because we generate results together, we now collectively have a healthier, unified portrait of the homeless community. Every day, I become more and more optimistic, especially when I see people smiling and laughing who have many, many more problems on their plate than I do. Each individual that I have met and served through this work has been touched by important person somewhere in their life. To offer hope, I offer these guests the vision as I see it in my mind's eye - each of these important people, sometimes a helper along the way, is a shining bright spot. Together, those bright spots collectively create a powerful constellation of support and hope that more important people will cross their path ahead. Ive been privileged to enter peoples inner landscape in a raw and sensitive way and I honor that. I only hope that I, too, can become one of those bright spots.
"BOSTON -Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Imagine Boston 2030 week, a week-long series of events across the City that offer residents the opportunity to talk directly with City leaders and the Imagine Boston team aboutExpanding Opportunity, Imagine Boston 2030's draft plan of priority action areas and major initiatives. Last Thursday, Mayor Walsh released the draft plan, which highlights initiatives that will support a thriving Boston by expanding opportunity, supporting a dynamic economy, enhancing quality of life and preparing for climate change. Imagine Boston 2030 week begins onWednesday, November 30. All events are free and open to the public, andregistration is encouraged.""Imagine Boston 2030 week is a great opportunity for those who want to share their vision for our City to get involved in these community events,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our draft plan, Expanding Opportunity, is a living document that will be shaped over the coming months by the feedback we hear from residents. I encourage all residents to attend these events that showcase different areas of the city full with potential for growth and opportunity, ask questions and let us know how we can strengthen our final plan to create a thriving city for all Bostonians.""Over the last year, more than 12,000 people around the City have shared their vision for the future of Boston. That feedback, paired with the Mayor's priorities and research, has shaped ""Expanding Opportunity,"" a draft strategic plan that identifies key actions and initiatives to create a healthy, thriving and innovative city in 2030.Hibernian Hall184 Dudley Street3:30 - 5 p.m.Bolling Building2300 Washington Street5:30 - 7 p.m.South StationMeet under arrivals/departure boardBurnham Building10 Summer StreetStart:Hubway Station at Blue Hill Ave andColumbia RdBrighton Music Hall158 Brighton AveStart: Piers ParkConclude: Rowes WharfBoston By The Numbers: How do we plan, knowing the trends shaping Boston now and in the future?Mattapan Health Center1575 Blue Hill AveABOUT IMAGINE BOSTON 2030Imagine Boston 2030, the first city-wide planning effort in 50 years, is Mayor Martin J. Walsh's initiative that will create a framework to guide the preservation, enhancement, and responsible growth of our city between now and 2030, with input from the public. This citywide plan will identify investments and strategies to provide quality of life and increase affordability, drive inclusive economic growth, promote a healthy environment and adapt to climate change and invest in infrastructure, open space and culture. For more information, please visitImagine.Boston.gov."
"DOWNTOWN- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today hosted a public discussion to discuss racism in Boston and how we acknowledge our past as we look to our future in order to become a more socially cohesive and resilient city. The discussion was attended by over 600 residents, and served as the kick-off to a citywide conversation about racism. Additional conversations will take place in neighborhoods across the city in early 2017.""At this moment in history, Boston will take a stand. We'll answer the call to put the safety, the rights, and the equity of everyone in our city at the top of our agenda, every day,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""If we want to be a strong city, we have to be able to depend on each other, trust each other and understand each other. I want to thank each and every person who took the time to attend, and those who have been having this conversation for years. Together we will grow the conversation, one person at a time, and build bridges of understanding that can become bonds of healing.""The discussion was supported by partners including 100 Resilient Cities - pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation, the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce and Emerson College.As part of the dialogue, Mayor Walsh in partnership with 100 Resilient Cities, released""The Blueprint: A Preview of the Principles & Framework for Boston's Resilience Strategy""which helps set the foundation for the release of Boston's Resilience Strategy in early 2017. The Blueprint for Boston's Resilience Strategy provides a shared framework to remove the barriers of racism that hinder Bostonians from having access to opportunity and support to thrive from childhood to retirement.The Blueprint identifies recommended visions and goals, built upon the racial equity framework, to achieve a more resilient Boston. They include:""A truly resilient city is one that works to achieve equity: ensuring that important services reach all residents, including the most vulnerable providing access to opportunity for all and actively fostering cohesive communities,"" said Otis Rolley, 100 Resilient Cities Regional Director for Africa and North America. ""Boston is offering its residents, and its nation, a glimpse into what's possible when challenges are acknowledged openly and honestly.""Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh and 100 Resilient Cities convened the first-ever Transatlantic Policy Lab (TAPL) to assess inequality in the city. The meeting of city and nonprofit officials helped address the ways inequalities in income and opportunity affect Boston's shared resilience-building efforts.In August 2015, Mayor Walsh announced Dr. Atyia Martin as the City of Boston's first Chief Resilience Officer (CRO), a position created to lead citywide resilience efforts to help Boston prepare for, withstand and bounce back from the'shocks' - catastrophic events like floods, infrastructure failure and acts of terrorism - and 'stresses' - slow-moving disasters like persistent racial and economic inequality, lack of affordable housing and unemployment - which are increasingly part of 21st century life. A member of the 100RC network since 2014, Boston's resilience-building efforts place a unique focus on social resilience in a city affected by historic and persistent divisions of race and class.The Mayor's Office of Resilience and Racial Equity leads efforts to help Boston plan for and deal with catastrophes and slow-moving disasters - like persistent racial and economic inequality - that have become part of 21st century life.For more information about the office, please visit ourwebsite.100 Resilient Cities - Pioneered by The Rockefeller Foundation(100RC) helps cities around the world become more resilient to social, economic, and physical challenges that are a growing part of the 21stcentury. 100RC provides this assistance through: funding for a Chief Resilience Officer in each of our cities who will lead the resilience efforts resources for drafting a Resilience Strategy access to private sector, public sector, academic, and NGO resilience tools and membership in a global network of peer cities to share best practices and challenges. For more information, visit the 100 Resilient Cities website."
"NORTH END - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a Request for Proposals (RFP) for a public art project for North Square, a public space located in the North End of Boston. Working closely with the Public Works Department and the Boston Art Commission, the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture invites artists to submit their proposals for public art to be incorporated in the reconstruction of North Square. ""Boston Creates, the City of Boston's Cultural Plan, calls for public art that embraces a neighborhood's identity and adds to a strong sense of place,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Incorporating art into public works projects like this helps to showcase the incredible creativity that exists in our city.""Settled in the early 1600s, the North End is one of Boston's oldest neighborhoods and has a vibrant community fabric. North Square has always been a center of community life, and today, the neighborhood is a tourist destination both for its place in American history as well as its contemporary Italian American culture, such as summer festivals honoring patron saints of Italian cities. In 2017, North Square will undergo a revitalization project by the Boston Public Works Department. Designed to build on its identity as a cultural destination and making the space accessible to all, the completed project will be a livable, walkable, green and sustainable square. The City of Boston's Public Works Department has allocated $200,000 from the North Square reconstruction project budget towards a public art project that will be incorporated into the reconstruction of the Square. Background information on the project is availablehere.The RFP is open to all professional artists or teams with experience in public art. Artists from the North End neighborhood are encouraged to apply. There will be a site walkthrough available for applicants onMonday, December 5 at 3:00 p.m.Questions will be accepted by the Boston Art Commission throughFriday, December 9. The deadline to submit proposals is5:00 p.m.onJanuary 4, 2017. The successful applicant will be announced in February 2017 and the public art installation is expected to be complete in the summer of 2017.Incorporating community feedback about the site is essential and a successful proposal will honor the past and contemporary use of the Square by preserving open space, encouraging community gathering, and highlighting navigational or nautical themes. Although history is integral to the site, proposals that balance historic references and context with a more contemporary perspective are also encouraged.Incorporating art into public works projects like this helps to showcase the incredible creativity that exists in our cityMayorWalshApplications will be reviewed by a selection committee comprised of representatives from the City of Boston and local arts professionals representing the neighborhood. For more information and to apply, visithere.""We continue to look to integrate arts and culture into all aspects of life in Boston and to support artists in Boston,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""We look forward to seeing the proposals that are submitted for the North Square project and to incorporating more public art across the City."" The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's Cultural Plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program (BostonAIR) curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. Learn more about our office.The cultural plan is a ten year plan for supporting arts and culture in the City of Boston. It was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen Boston's cultural vitality over the long term. The full cultural plan can be found online.The Boston Art Commission (BAC), an independent board ofarts leaderscharged with the care and custody of all artworks on City of Boston property, advocates for the creation of innovative and transformative art and promotes its accessibility to enrich the lives of Boston's diverse citizens and visitors. The Art Commission advises, supports, and consults with artists and communities, City departments, and others. It commissions, approves, and conserves the City of Boston's collection of art and historical artifacts. Learn more about the Boston Art Commission."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Boston Transportation Department and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics today announced the City of Boston will partner with nuTonomy to begin testing autonomous, or self-driving, cars in Boston by the end of 2016. nuTonomy, a leading developer of autonomous vehicles, has signed a Memorandum of Understanding(MOU) with the City of Boston and the Massachusetts Department of Transportationthat will authorizenuTonomyto begintesting its growing fleet of self-driving cars on public roads in Boston, once their application is approved. Last month, Mayor Walsh and Governor Baker simultaneously issuedExecutive Ordersdirecting the development of an on-street testing process. The City of Boston will be able to carefully monitor the effects of autonomous vehicles, and further identify how autonomous vehicles will further the safety, access and sustainability goals of Boston's transportation plan, Go Boston 2030 through this first partnership.""Boston is ready to lead the charge on self-driving vehicles, and as Mayor of Boston, I am committed to ensuring autonomous vehicles will benefit Boston's residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This is an exciting step forward, and together with our public and private partners, we will continue to lead the way in creating a safe, reliable and equitable mobility plan for Boston's residents.""""As companies look to begin testing autonomous vehicles, MassDOT will work through the AV Working Group created by Massachusetts Executive Order No. 572 to manage a rigorous approval process and respective safety protocols,"" said Transportation Secretary and CEO Stephanie Pollack. ""Criteria and credentials needed for testing will be thoroughly evaluated, such as a private company's demonstrated experience, licensing, inspection and registration status in order to ensure the safety of the public.""Based in Cambridge, MA, nuTonomy will begin testing its self-driving Renault Zoe electric vehicle this year in the Raymond L. Flynn Marine Park in the Seaport neighborhood of Boston. nuTonomy outfits its vehicles with a state-of-the art software system, which has been integrated with high-performance sensing and computing components, to enable safe operation. The company's sophisticated autonomous and robotics technology system grew out of research conducted in Massachusetts Institute of Technology labs run by nuTonomy co-founders Karl Iagnemma and Emilio Frazzoli. nuTonomy has been testing its software on roads in three continents, starting in December 2014, with its largest testing in Singapore.""Boston and Massachusetts are leaders in rethinking the future of transportation, and we are grateful for their partnership and support of nuTonomy's efforts to develop a fleet of self-driving cars to serve the public,"" said Karl Iagnemma, CEO and co-founder of nuTonomy. ""These tests in the City of Boston will enable our engineers to adapt our autonomous vehicle software to the weather and traffic challenges of this unique driving environment. Testing our self-driving cars so near to nuTonomy's home is the next step towards our ultimate goal: deployment of a safe, efficient, fully autonomous mobility-on-demand transportation service.""Bob Davis, General Partner at Highland Capital Partners in Cambridge, who led nuTonomy's Series A financing, added, ""Autonomous vehicles will transform human transportation and over the course of the next generation cars everywhere will drive themselves. Boston leading the way is yet another example of its position as a global hub of innovation.""During the Boston road tests, nuTonomy's software system will learn local signage and road markings while gaining a deeper understanding of pedestrian, cyclist and driver behavior and interaction across a complex urban driving environment.nuTonomy will monitor and evaluate the performance of its software system throughout this testing phase. An engineer from nuTonomy will ride in the vehicle during testing to observe system performance and assume control if needed.nuTonomy is the first partnership for on-street testing in Boston. It follows a previous off-street testing pilot with another company. The City of Boston is in conversation with other autonomous vehicle companies about additional on-street pilots.In 2015, more than 35,000 people died as a result of motor vehicle crashes in the U.S., and National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) has estimated that driver error is the critical reason for approximately 94% of crashes. Autonomous vehicles promise to dramatically reduce fatalities and injuries, and to bring freedom to people living with physical challenges that prevent them from driving. Utilizing autonomous vehicles to lower the car crashes upholds Boston's commitment to Vision Zero, the city's pledge to eliminate fatal and serious traffic crashes in the city by 2030.In addition to safety, autonomous vehicles can also bring environmental benefits: by using electric vehicles, mobility-on-demand autonomous car service can also reduce the number of trips taken in gasoline-powered vehicles and decrease the carbon footprint of transportation in urban settings.About Go Boston 2030The self-driving vehicle initiative is an early action project ofGo Boston 2030, the City's transportation planning effort. The effort is being led by the Boston Transportation Department and the Mayor's Mobility Plan Advisory Committee. In addition to developing a long term strategic plan, Go Boston 2030 is identifying specific initiatives for immediate implementation. Additionally, the City of Boston is partnering with the World Economic Forum and the Boston Consulting Group on developing Autonomous Vehicle policies and models for testing.About nuTonomynuTonomy is the leading developer of state-of-the-art software for self-driving vehicles founded by two world-renowned experts in robotics and intelligent vehicle technology, Drs. Karl Iagnemma and Emilio Frazzoli of MIT. nuTonomy is developing the first-of-its-kind complete solution for providing point-to-point mobility via large fleets of autonomous vehicles this includes software for autonomous vehicle navigation in urban environments, smartphone-based ride hailing, fleet routing and management, and controlling a vehicle remotely through teleoperation. The company's software has been tested in the U.S., Singapore and Europe. For more information about nuTonomy, visit:http://nutonomy.com."
"BOSTON - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that GoWalkTalk, a North West of Ireland-based medical technology company, has selected Boston to establish its U.S. headquarters, adding to Boston's internationally renowned life sciences cluster.""I am thrilled to welcome GoWalkTalk to Boston and build on our strong relationship with the North West of Ireland,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""As more and more companies choose Boston, we are focused on maintaining a welcoming environment for international business and letting the world know Boston is open for business. I look forward to supporting GoWalkTalk as they settle into Boston and become an active part of our medtech and innovation communities.""GoWalkTalk, which is planning to create around 15 new jobs in Boston, develops intuitive healthcare management applications and solutions which help with staffing and personnel management in the home health and remote patient care management sectors. By choosing Boston, GoWalkTalk will be able to capitalize on Boston's talented workforce, thriving innovation economy and world-renowned research facilities and healthcare institutions.""We are delighted to call Boston our U.S. home and are hugely excited about the opportunities the city offers to grow our company and to reach a diverse, global audience,"" said Tony McIntyre, Founder and Managing Director, GoWalkTalk. ""Through visiting and fostering relationships here in the city and across Massachusetts, it was clear to us that Boston is a progressive, innovative, and creative city and was an easy choice for GoWalkTalk's U.S. headquarters.""GoWalkTalk is one of 17 companies from the North West of Ireland that visited Boston this week as part of a trade business delegation supported by Enterprise Ireland and led by Irish economic development officials in an effort to promote the region and establish relationships. Mayor Walsh's announcement was madeFridaymorning at the 8th Annual Golden Bridges Conference, which highlights successful transatlantic links in business, education, art, and culture between Ireland and Boston. Today's announcement highlights the City of Boston's partnership with Northern Ireland, including its Sister-City relationship with Belfast, the capital and largest city of Northern Ireland, and partnering cities and regions around the world."
"BOSTON - The City of Boston, in partnership with the State of Massachusetts' Executive Office of Elder Affairs, yesterday hosted a housing surge designed to connect chronically homeless seniors with housing and services. The event, held at the Labour Center in South Boston, integrated the process of helping chronically homeless elders obtain health care and stabilization supports along with housing, in the form of either units in Boston Housing Authority (BHA) developments or housing vouchers. In total, 41 elders received either units of housing or vouchers.""The fact that so many people walked into our event homeless and walked out with an address is incredibly moving,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I believe that we can end chronic homelessness in Boston, and housing surges will be one way we can accomplish our goal. We are looking at solving homelessness in innovative ways, with strong partners. Boston is a city that takes care of its people, and I'm proud of our values and our mission to ensure all Bostonians have a place to live.""The housing surge also successfully built upon the recent partnership forged between the City and the State, designed to end chronic homelessness in senior populations across Massachusetts. ""This administration made ending homelessness a goal and we will continue to work with our partners in the City of Boston and neighboring communities by participating in events like today's surge,"" said Secretary of the Executive Office of Health and Human Services, Marylou Sudders. ""Chronic homelessness is not solved with housing alone - it requires a mix of housing and services to support individuals and help them remain in a stable housing situation.""""Today builds on the success of the first surge held last July which was coordinated by the Executive Office of Elder Affairs, MassHealth, the City of Boston and our partners. These efforts demonstrate that effective collaboration among government agencies and community partners results in collective impact that can change lives. We can reduce elder homelessness and intend to continue these and other efforts throughout the Commonwealth,"" said Secretary of the Executive Office of Elder Affairs, Alice Bonner.At yesterday's surge, the Boston Housing Authority was able to connect 31 homeless seniors with units of permanent supportive housing. As part of an agreement signed with the City of Boston, the BHA offers a super-priority process for chronically homeless elders once they have supportive services in place. This is only the second time that guests at a housing surge have been offered specific units of housing, rather than vouchers.""The BHA has long made a commitment to housing homeless individuals and families,"" said Bill McGonagle, Administrator of the Boston Housing Authority. ""By participating in this effort we have been able to use our scarce resources to house the most vulnerable with services that ensure they remain successfully housed."" Yesterday's surge was staffed by 35 different agencies. Seniors attending the event were given ""passports"" and were assigned volunteer ambassadors to guide them from table to table where they were able to determine their eligibility for various types of support services.Boston is a city that takes care of its people, and I'm proud of our values and our mission to ensure all Bostonians have a place to liveMayorWalshSeniors were able to meet with representatives from state programs including MassHealth, Program of All-inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) Senior Care Options (SCO) Pay for Success and Community Supports for Persons Experiencing Chronic Homelessness (CSPECH) to determine their eligibility and interest in these programs. In addition, representatives from the Social Services Administration and Department of Transitional Assistance were on hand to help seniors qualify for additional benefits.In preparation for the event, City, State, and non-profit partners worked together to create a list of chronically homeless older adults, and undertook significant outreach at shelters and throughout the city to spread awareness of this opportunity.The chronically homeless seniors who attended the surge were identified as likely eligible for state benefits including long-term services, supports, and integrated care. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services defines chronically homeless individuals as adults with a disability who have been either living in an emergency shelter or in a place not meant for human habitation continuously for 12 months or more, or who have had four occasions of homelessness in the past three years that total 12 months or more.Those individuals in need of translation services were identified in advance, and translators were on hand to assist with language barriers. In addition, individuals with accessibility issues had also been identified ahead of time, with accommodations made in advance for their specific issues. Individuals also received breakfast and coffee, provided and served by volunteers from the BostonHome Interfaith Collaborative. BostonHome Interfaith Collaborative faith community partners also donated gift cards for attendees.This is the seventh in a series of housing surges hosted by the City of Boston. The first three surges focused on homeless veterans the last two focused on all chronically homeless individuals. The previous events have in total served over 200 homeless individuals, during which 164 received permanent housing vouchers on the spot, along with enrollment in housing search, while others received rapid rehousing assistance, applied for housing and obtained documentation that will help them secure permanent housing.Partners for yesterday's surge included (alphabetical):Boston Department of Neighborhood DevelopmentBoston Public Health CommissionBoston Housing AuthorityCity of Boston Disabilities CommissionCity of Boston Elderly CommissionMA Department of Mental HealthMA Executive Office of Elder AffairsMA Executive Office of Health and Human ServicesMassHealthSocial Security AdministrationUnited States Interagency Council on HomelessnessHomeStartHearthEliot Human ServicesPine Street InnCatholic CharitiesMetropolitan Boston Housing PartnershipSt. Francis HouseBostonHome Interfaith CollaborativeMassachusetts Shelter and Housing AllianceVinfenBaycoveBoston Health Care for the HomelessBoston Senior Home CareCommonwealth Care Alliance - One Care and Senior Care Options ProgramsTufts - One Care and Senior Care Options ProgramsBMC HealthnetNavicare/FallonSenior Whole HealthUnitedUphams Corner Elder Service PlanElder Service Plan of CambridgeHarbor HealthElder Service Plan of East BostonBoston Center for Independent LivingFor more information on the City of Boston's plan to end chronic and veteran homelessness, please visitBoston's Way Home websiteor Twitter, @BostonsWayHome."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release ofExpanding Opportunity,Imagine Boston 2030's draft plan of priority action areas and major initiatives that will support a thriving Boston by expanding opportunity, supporting a dynamic economy, enhancing quality of life, and preparing for climate change. This plan was shaped by more than 12,000 residents who offered feedback as part of an extensive community engagement effort aimed at reaching residents in every corner of the city. Engagement efforts will continue through the release of the final plan next year.""Imagine Boston 2030 offers a citywide perspective of Boston's future that ties together our many planning initiatives already underway to guide strategic growth and expand opportunity for all residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am excited to launch a draft plan that identifies ways to strengthen neighborhoods and support growth for many years to come. This plan represents the voice of thousands of residents who shared their thoughts, and I look forward to continuing the conversation so together we can build the future of Boston.""TheExpanding Opportunitydraft identifies five action areas to strengthen neighborhood vitality and bolster Boston's economy. A breakdown of these action areas is available throughImagine Boston 2030's storymap, and are included below:By enhancing and expanding neighborhoods, and encouraging mixed-use job centers, Boston will be able to accommodate the approximately 829,000 jobs and 724,000 residents the city is projected to have by 2030, and be positioned to keep growing towards 2050.These action areas are founded on the bedrock of a set of strategic initiatives, which collectively help Boston achieveresidents' goals:The full draft report is availableonline. Residents can provide feedbackonline, and Imagine Boston 2030 will also plan events designed to solicit resident feedback on the draftExpanding Opportunityplan.Imagine Boston 2030 is designed to complement and work in conjunction with other City of Boston planning efforts, includingBoston Creates,Go Boston 2030,Climate Ready Boston, andHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030. The final Imagine Boston 2030 plan is scheduled to be released in 2017."
"BOSTON -Thursday, November 17, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh and SPARK Boston, the Mayor's millennial engagement program, today announced 15 finalists for the 2016 SPARK Impact Awards. The finalists will be honored and the winners will be announced at the award ceremony onThursday, December 1stat MassChallenge.""The 15 finalists for the 2016 SPARK Impact Awards are setting the standard for Boston's next generation of civic leadership,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""They are promoting arts and culture, expanding economic opportunity for all, elevating the voices of Boston's immigrant communities, fighting the addiction epidemic, helping homeless veterans become self-sufficient, and working tirelessly to make Boston a healthy, thriving city. At a young age, they have already made an incredible impact, and I am proud to recognize their passion and dedication to improving Boston's future.""""We are thrilled to announce this slate of finalists for the 2016 SPARK Impact Awards,"" said SPARK Boston Council Member Tina Natale. ""It was incredibly difficult to choose from so many outstanding nominees, but these 15 individuals have truly gone above and beyond to make our city a better place. We are eager to share their stories and let the SPARK Boston community decide who will win the 2016 SPARK Impact Awards.""Mayor Walsh put out an open call for nominations for the 2016 SPARK Impact Awards this summer. A selection committee comprised of SPARK Boston Council members reviewed over 100 nominations in order to select the finalists, whose personal stories can be found on SPARK Boston's website. A round ofonline votingwill determine the winners in each category, to be announced at the award ceremony.In addition to the award presentation, the event will feature a networking reception with refreshments provided by the Glynn Group, Aeronaut Brewing Co., Archer Roose, Coole Swan and more, a keynote address by award winning filmmaker and arts education advocate Jae Williams, and remarks from City of Boston officials.2016 SPARK IMPACT AWARD FINALISTS:Category: Entrepreneurship and InnovationCategory: Arts & CultureCategory: Community Building and Neighborhood ImprovementCategory: Activism and Issue AdvocacyCategory: Unsung HeroesLearn MoreVisit SPARK Boston's website to learn more about the 2016 SPARK Impact Awardsand join the conversation on twitter using the hashtag #SPARKImpact.About Spark BostonBoston is home to a large and diverse millennial population. SPARK Boston (formerly ONEin3) is a City of Boston initiative that aims to empower the millennial generation to play a greater role in planning for the future of our city.SPARK Boston focuses on engaging the next generation of civic leaders and social entrepreneurs in the work of city government. This will shape how the City designs and develops policies, convenes stakeholders for important initiatives and works collaboratively with young people to shape Boston's future. Learn more at www.sparkbos.com."
"BOSTON- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the first call for artists for theAlternative Space Pilot Project, a partnership between the City of Boston and local businesses and institutions, allowing artists and organizations to apply for non-traditional space to create and rehearse.First announced as part of the implementation strategy for the Boston Creates Cultural Plan, the Alternative Space Pilot Project is designed to respond to a need for affordable rehearsal and work space. The program creates partnerships with private organizations, allowing artists to use underutilized private space as rehearsal space. The first call for artists is for space at the AT&T Flagship Store on Boylston Street in the Back Bay.""The Alternative Space Pilot Project brings together unlikely partners to address a need in Boston's cultural community,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""AT&T is the first of what we hope will be many private organizations who will step up to work with local creators, maximizing their space and providing much needed rehearsal space."" The call for artists for the space at the AT&T Flagship Store is now open. The space will be available free of charge for one three-hour block per week during store hours, and is ideal for individual musicians or for small musical groups that do not require amplification. Before applying, interested applicants are encouraged to visit during store hours. The call for artists is open to individual artists, non-profit organizations and artist groups. Boston residency is preferred but not required.The call for artists will close onDecember 9, 2016. Applications will be reviewed by a selection committee and one artist or organization will be selected based on their fit for the space, a demonstrated need for space, and a demonstrated history of sharing artistic work with the public and contributing to the arts and culture sector in Boston. The successful artist or organization will be announced in January 2017. For more information and to apply, visithere.We are excited to get the Alternative Space Pilot Program underway and we look forward to creating additional partnerships between our local artists and private organizations across the citychief of arts and cultureJulie Burros""We're proud to offer up some of our great display space at our flagship New England store to some of the city's promising local artists, as part of the Boston Creates Cultural Plan. It's just one way we can give these talented artists some great visibility, and support the city's thriving arts and culture community,"" said Patricia Jacobs, President of AT&T New England.The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture will work with other host organizations with suitable spaces interested in participating in the program by writing and distributing an RFP for use of their spaces for rehearsals on a regular basis, for a minimum of a one-year commitment. A second call for artists for space at Mass Eye and Ear is expected later this winter.""Rehearsal and production space continues to be a challenge for Boston's artists of all genres,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""We are excited to get the Alternative Space Pilot Program underway and we look forward to creating additional partnerships between our local artists and private organizations across the city.""Mayor's Office of Arts and CultureThe Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's Cultural Plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program (BostonAIR) curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. About theBoston Creates Cultural PlanThe cultural plan was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen Boston's cultural vitality over the long term."
The plan was shaped by the more than 12,000 voices that contributed thoughts and visions for Boston. With the release of the plan, Imagine Boston will continue collecting resident feedback to make sure the plan is a true reflection of Boston voices, and that all voices are heard. Have you shared your vision for the future of Boston yet? We still want to hear from you.Thats why Imagine Boston will host a week of place-based events throughout the City to offer residents the opportunity to hear from and engage directly with members of Mayor Walshs Cabinet, City leaders, and the Imagine Boston 2030 team. Attendance and feedback is encouraged at one (or all!) of the events. Whether on a ferry tour or riding the Fairmount Line with Chiefs, we look forward to seeing you and talking with you!Events are free and open to the public unless otherwise noted. Reservations are strongly encouraged as capacity is limited on some tours.Interested in volunteering for any of these events?Sign up here!In addition to these events, there are always more ways for you toget involved. Share your ideas and connect with us onTwitter,Facebook, andInstagramusing #ImagineBoston. And dont forget to sign up for Imagine Bostonupdates!
The annual tree lighting at Faneuil Hall and the Camp Harbor View 5K will both take place on Saturday, November 19, and impact traffic and parking in Boston. To travel to these events, information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.thehubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round trip rather than a one-way ticket.The Faneuil Hall event is scheduled for 3 PM - 10 PM. Clinton Street will be closed to traffic from approximately 6 PM  9 PM. Large pedestrian crowds are expected throughout the area and drivers are encouraged to detour around the vicinity of Faneuil Hall whenever possible.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 12 Noon to Midnight parking restrictions will be in effect as follows:The Camp Harbor View 5K will begin at 9 AM and streets along the race route will be closed from approximately 8 AM - 10 AM, with BPD re-opening streets sooner if possible. An estimated 2,000 runners will gather on Charles Street, between Boylston and Beacon Streets, and proceed on Charles Street, left to Beacon Street, left to Arlington Street, right onto Commonwealth Avenue outbound, under the Massachusetts Avenue underpass, left onto Charlesgate West, left onto Commonwealth Avenue inbound, under the Massachusetts Avenue underpass, left onto Arlington Street, right onto Beacon Street, right onto Charles Street.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows:
"BOSTON - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today filed an ordinance aimed at better protecting the safety of workers and the public by allowing the City of Boston the right to deny, revoke or suspend a permit for work in Boston based on an applicant's work safety history. The ordinance will require that those receiving permits to work within the City of Boston to swear and affirm their work safety history, including Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) violations. Currently, the City of Boston does not have this authority and is not notified ofresolvedor outstanding OSHA violations.""We know how dangerous work sites can be, and in Boston we are committed to doing all we can to protect those working in our city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I urge the City Council to move quickly on this proposal so Boston can put these changes into effect immediately.""The ordinance will update the City of Boston Municipal Code to allow a city officer in charge of issuing a permit to deny, revoke or suspend a permit to a person, corporation or business entity that has a history of engaging in unsafe, hazardous or dangerous practices.In Boston we are committed to doing all we can to protect those working in our cityMayorWalshApplicants for permits will be required to inform the permitting department of any and all OSHA violations, both current and resolved.The ordinance would go into effect immediately once approved by the City Council and signed by the Mayor."
"Green River's mission is to leverage technology for social good. When Boston issued an RFP for a Coordinated Access System to House Bostons Most Vulnerable Homeless Individuals, it immediately caught our eye  a request for technology to find housing opportunities for all chronically homelessness individuals. Boston wasn't just asking for a system to meet Federal requirements. They were genuinely committed to solving a social problem, and determined to build the tools needed to accomplish this. This was a project the whole Green River team could get behind.A few years ago, Mayor Walsh assembled a very capable task force and charged them with developing a plan for Boston to end chronic homelessness. Beginning their work, the task force observed that Bostons current response to homelessness is a collection of effective, yet fragmented, programs that offer a variety of services to individuals experiencing homelessness. To resolve that fragmentation, the task force presented an ambitious software challenge: To shift from a group of independent programs to one single integrated system built around the needs of every homeless person. Boston didnt look for a vendor to sell them software. They wanted a technology partner to expand work already under way by committed staff in the Department of Neighborhood Development (DND), and at non-profit service providers across the city. They wanted software that put the needs of the homeless first. And they wanted a solution that wouldnt replace or disrupt existing information systems that already functioned. Mayor Walshs commitment to ending homelessness, and to leveraging modern technology to better serve the citizens of Boston, requires changing how government bureaucracies traditionally procure software. For example, systems need to be designed flexibly, using an agile process that is cyclic, iterative, and responsive to the needs of its users. As developers, we write the least code possible, put software in production quickly, observe people using it, and make iterative improvements. Not rocket science, but this shift from the single track methodology of design-build-launch-complain to an agile approach has been transformative for the software industry. In our experience, government is often unwilling to work this way. Boston, however, embraced our agile processes, and ensured we had every opportunity to succeed. Just as innovative, the city worked with us to release the system into the ""open source. This means the underlying application code will always be free for any community to adopt, and ensures any enhancements made by other communities will in turn benefit Boston.(Interested in the technical details? See https://github.com/greenriver/boston-cas for the code, and open an issue there, or contact a maintainer, if you have any questions.)So, whats unique about a software tool that aligns individuals enduring homelessness with available housing? For one, the CAS is special just for being software. The Federal agency HUD doesnt require the coordination of access, assessment, and referral to be managed electronically, though they do require steps to be standardized. Boston realized that technology can have a truly positive role in social service, and was bold enough to make it happen. Secondly, the CAS is special in that it supports equity, advocacy, and efficiency within the delicate process of choosing how all the power of coordinated services should be prioritized when a scarce housing opportunity becomes available. No individual is overlooked, and an optimal match can be suggested regardless of which shelter agency, city department, our other service provider happens to be on the case. Green River is honored to help Boston end chronic homelessness using our new open source platform!For more information on the City's efforts to end chronic and veteran homelessness, please visit Boston's Way Home on the City's new website, and follow the initiative on Twitter at @BostonsWayHome."
"SOUTH BOSTON - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Congressman Stephen Lynch, the South Boston Neighborhood Development Corporation and Caritas Communities, Inc. to celebrate the dedication and ribbon cutting for Patriot Homes in South Boston. The more than $12 million redevelopment of the former City of Boston C6 police station will create 24 new affordable apartments for veterans. ""Our veterans who have fought to uphold the values of American freedom deserve access to safe, affordable housing,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By working with South Boston Neighborhood Development Corporation and our partners, we were able to transform an underutilized City-owned property into housing for veterans. Through this project, we are one step closer to housing all our Boston veterans.""The 16,979 square-foot development included the rehabilitation of the former South Boston C6 Police station into 12 units, and including the new construction of 12 units on Athens Street which created a total of 24 affordable housing units. The new housing has 12 studios, 2- 1 BR and 10 - 2BR apartments geared to the Veteran community. Six units will serve veterans at or below 30% AMI, while eight units will serve veterans at 50% AMI and ten units will be for veterans earning 60% AMI. Residents will also benefit from a multipurpose community room, and the South Boston Neighborhood Development Corporation will also occupy one of the building's two ground-floor commercial spaces.In accordance with the City of Boston's Green Affordable Housing Program, the redevelopment of former station utilized several green building design techniques, earning it the development the distinction of being LEED-Homes ""Silver"" certified by the U.S. Green Building Council. The project also meets the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency'sEnergy Starstandards.""South Boston has a long history of military service and a higher percentage of Veterans than many other neighborhoods in the city,"" said Donna Brown Executive Director of SouthBoston NDC. ""With rents rapidly increasing, Patriot Homes will help deserving Veterans to continue to live here, in our community, with the resources they need. We are grateful to have had strong support from the City of Boston, as well as the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, to complete this project."""
Just as each neighborhood has a variety of artists, each neighborhood approaches their Open Studios in a unique way. TheJamaica Plain Open Studiosin September showcased artists who work with wood, ceramics, fiber arts, printmaking, mixed media and painting. In Roxbury earlier this fall, the 18th annual Open Studios event showcased artists who work in graphic design, leather, jewelry, painting, and enamel panels. There have also been Open Studios in theFort Pointarea, in theSouth End, inDorchester,Roslindaleand just last week, inSouth Boston.Why have Open Studios become so popular? Turns out, bringing a larger number of artists together for a weekend event creates a groundswell of excitement around artists in the community. It is a very friendly and accessible way to connect local artists directly with current and future art lovers as well as individuals who may not be comfortable going to a more formal art gallery. With Open Studios, individuals have the chance to meet artists in their work space, witness the creative process up close, and better get to know the artist whose work they may end up purchasing.Open Studios have also become an opportunity for a neighborhood to showcase the creativity and vibrancy that might otherwise be hidden behind the closed doors of private spaces. Visitors explore the area, often surprised at number of artists and other cultural hidden gems in the neighborhood and the amazing works being created nearby. The positive effects go well beyond the artists, leading people to discover restaurants, cafes and other offerings in the area.If you havent had a chance to check out an Open Studio this season, its not too late. Fenway Open Studiosand the30th Annual Allston Arts District Open Studiosare happening this weekend on November 12 - 13, 2016. East Boston Artistswill host their Open Studios December 3, 2016 and theArtists Group of Charlestownwill let the public in for their Open Studios on December 3-4.Open Studios are a fun way to spend the afternoon with family and friends. For a full list of Open Studios around Boston or to become involved in an Open Studio, visit the Boston Open Studios Coalitions websitehere.
Teen Central at Boston Public Librarys Central Library in Copley Square was awarded aLibrary Services and Technology Act (LSTA) grantfor $7,500 from theMassachusetts Board of Library Commissioners(MBLC), and is partnering with the John D. OBryant School of Math and Science and the South End Technology Center to develop engineering programs for 7th and 8th grade students.The programs are offered to 300 7th and 8th graders and take place twice monthly at theSouth End Technology Center, Teen Central at the Central Library in Copley Square, and/or at theJohn D. OBryant School of Math and Science. Youth will work with Raspberry Pi, Scratch, Little Bits, Minecraft, and Python programming language. The grant runs from October 2016 through September 2017.I am excited about this grant because it networks several institutions critical to advancing student preparation and youth development  Boston Public Library, Boston Public Schools, and a powerful community-based organization in the South End Technology Center, said Rahn Dorsey, Chief of Education for the City of Boston. This is what learning should look like for our young people. Learning in Boston should take full advantage of the citys assets, should extend beyond traditional classrooms, and should incorporate technology and the modern tools needed to prepare the citys young people for thriving futures.We are grateful to the Massachusetts Board of Library Commissioners for this grant and are confident teens will explore engineering concepts in a supportive environment, while learning from their peers and working hands-on with tools to broaden their understanding of engineering and technology, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library.Were thrilled about the grant and for the opportunity to collaborate with the John D. OBryant School of Math and Science and the South End Technology Center, said Jessi Snow, Teen Services Team Leader, Teen Central. The project will be a great benefit to the 7th and 8th graders who will be participating in the engineering programs and building critical skills.Libraries use LSTA grants from the MBLC in a variety of ways, including implementing literacy programs that benefit all ages, increasing library access to underserved populations, providing advanced automation services, training staff, and preserving valuable historical documents.In addition to the direct library grant program, the MBLC uses LSTA funds to support statewide programs and services, including summer reading programs, databases, the Commonwealth eBook program, the Commonwealth Catalog (the new virtual catalog), andmass.gov/libraries, which provides information and resources for residents. LSTA is administered on the federal level by the Institute of Museum and Library Services and in the Commonwealth by the MBLC.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"The Veterans Day Parade and other scheduled activities will impact traffic and parking on local streets in Boston from Thursday, November 10, through Monday, November 14, 2016. To travel to these events, information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.thehubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round trip rather than a one-way ticket.Thursday, November 10Street closures will be in effect as follows:Intermittent street closures will be in effect as follows and drivers are urged to seek alternate routes:Parking will be restricted throughout the vicinity in South Boston. Drivers should look carefully for posted signs.Friday, November 11The Veterans Day Parade will begin at 1 PM on Boylston Street at Charles Street, with marchers turning left on Tremont Street, continuing on Cambridge Street to City Hall Plaza. Traffic will be detoured off of the route briefly, from approximately 12:50 PM through 1:30 PM, as the marchers proceed. ""Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Friday, November 11 through Saturday, November 12Street closures will be in effect as follows:Intermittent street closures will be in effect as follows and drivers are urged to seek alternate routes:Parking will be restricted throughout the vicinity in South Boston. Drivers should look carefully for posted signs.Friday, November 11 through Monday, November 14Parking will be restricted in the vicinity of the Massachusetts Fallen Heroes Memorial this weekend as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday parking restrictions will be in effect on Northern Avenue, Memorial side, on parking meters BC172-BC174 and BC182-BC184 opposite the Memorial, from Harbor Shore Drive to Marine Park Drive including parking meters BC213-BC219.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday to Monday parking restrictions will be in effect on North Avenue, Memorial side, on parking meters BC176-BC181 Seaport Boulevard, District Hall side, near Boston Wharf Road on parking meters BC084-BC90.Saturday, November 12Tow Zone No Stopping Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect on the inbound side of Summer Street, from Drydock Avenue to D Street, excluding any bus stops."
DOWNTOWN - Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culturetoday announced four new art exhibits scheduled to be on display at City Hall. These exhibits feature local artists showcasing a wide variety of styles, themes, and mediums, and will be exhibited from now until the end of the fall season.The exhibits include three gallery exhibits -Other People's Clothes, Brazilian Art Impressions,and theMarble Collection Pop-Up Gallery -and one performance/installation -Northern Stair Projection.The programs will take place over the months of November and December, and are free and open to the public.The exhibits are listed below:ExhibitionDate(s)LocationThe Marble Collection Pop-Up Gallery11/1-11/30Boston City Hall, 3rd FloorOther People's Clothes11/1 - 12/9Boston City Hall, 5th FloorNorthern Stair Projection11/18 from7-9 p.m.Boston City Hall, 3rd FloorBrazilian Art Impressions11/7 - 12/11Boston City Hall, 3rd FloorInformation about each gallery is listed below:THE MARBLE COLLECTION POP-UP GALLERYThe Marble Collectionis a nonprofit publisher of the Massachusetts High School Magazine of the Arts. Its Pop-Up Gallery will showcase the works of published Massachusetts teen artists and writers.The Marble Collection will exhibit from November 1, 2016 throughNovember 30, 2016, on the 3rd floor/main lobby of City Hall from8:30 - 5:00 p.m.daily.OTHER PEOPLE'S CLOTHESOther People's Clothesis an exhibition that highlights the artist's experiences stepping into the shoes of different people through visual expression. The series utilizes constructed photographs of people experiencing solitary moments of reflection and emotion.Other People's Clotheswill exhibit from November 1 -December 9th, 2016, on the 5th floor of City Hall.The exhibit was created by Caleb Cole, a 2015 Massachusetts Cultural Council Fellow, 2013 Hearst 8x10 Biennial Winner, 3-time Magenta Foundation Flash Forward Winner, 2011 St. Botolph Club Foundation Emerging Artist Award winner, 2011 Massachusetts Cultural Council Fellowship Finalist, 2009 Artadia Award winner, and a 2009 Photolucida Critical Mass finalist. He exhibits regularly at a variety of national venues and has held solo shows in Boston, New York, Chicago, and St. Louis, among others.NORTHERN STAIR PROJECTIONNorthern Stair Projectionis an installation piece, video projection, and live performance by composer and percussionist Eli Keszler. The work uses long strands of piano wire to transmit recordings made of the exterior public spaces of Boston into the large interior space of Boston City Hall's iconic, Brutalist structure.The wires will run hundreds of feet upward from the floor, terminating at various levels of height in the building, while video of the exterior spaces surrounding City Hall will be projected through the wires onto the space's concrete walls. The work takes inspiration from the intent of City Hall's architects, Gerhard Kallmann and Michael McKinnell, to connect the public to governmental spaces and increase civic engagement.The performance and installation will take place onFriday, November 18, from7:00 - 9:00 p.m.Eli Keszler is a Boston-born artist, composer, and percussionist. His compositions and visual works examine the limits of instrumentation, notation, and space in its institutional, musical and public form. Northern Stair is presented in collaboration with Non-Event as part of their experimental music series.BRAZILIAN ART IMPRESSIONSBrazilian Art Impressionsaims to disseminate and expand the artwork of the Brazilian community in Massachusetts. This exhibition includes works by contemporary Boston-based artists who are originally from different states of Brazil. Helena Martin compiled a collection of the most representative works including paintings, drawings, digital art, crafts, and sculpture. The group of artists features both established and emerging artists portraying integrated experiences conveying the rich history and cultural traditions of Brazil.Brazilian Art Impressionswill exhibit fromNovember 12 - December 11th, in the 3rd Floor Scollay Square Gallery at Boston City Hall.Participants in Brazilian Art Impressions include:Evaldo Rocha (Dorchester) paintingGisele Balla photographyJos Polcheira paintingJosias Monteiro (South Boston)paintingLuciano Lima Lima(Dorchester) paintingMargarette Mattos paintingMaria Izabel Peixoto paintingRaphael Fraga photographySylvio Bispo paintingWagner Veiga paintingIK Bio jewelry, sculpture.About the Galleries at Boston City HallThe Galleries at Boston City Hall are open the public at no charge andare accessible to persons with disabilities. Boston City Hall is accessible by the MBTA via Haymarket (orange line) and also via Government Center (green and blues lines). For more information, call617-635-3245or visitwww.cityofboston.gov/arts.
BOSTON, MA - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch of the 13th Annual Mayors Holiday Special presented by the Highland Street Foundation, produced by ArtsBoston and created in partnership with the Greater Boston Convention & Visitors Bureau.Designed to ensure everyone can share in holiday joy this season, the Mayors Holiday Special is a two-month celebration of Greater Bostons performing arts, featuring thousands of great deals to over 500 holiday performances, as well as more than 30 dining offers and an online calendar of free festivities throughout the city. Tickets are on sale now onlineand at the ArtsBoston BosTix Booth locations at Copley Square and Faneuil Hall Marketplace.There is no place like Boston during the holiday season. In every corner of the city you can find a performance or a show, said Mayor Walsh. We are proud to partner with ArtsBoston, the Greater Boston Convention & Visitors Bureau and the Highland Street Foundation to provide everyone with the opportunity to experience all the arts and culture our city has to offer.In 2016, the Mayors Holiday Special shines a spotlight on local favorites that have been helping residents and visitors create memories for years. Shows like the Boston Pops Holiday Pops, Langston Hughes Black Nativity, The Christmas Revels and A Christmas Celtic Sojourn will return this year, along with performances of Handels Messiah from both the Handel and Haydn Society and Boston Baroque. Boston favorites Shear Madness and Blue Man Group pull out all the stops with some added holiday fun while Disney On Ice returns to Boston University Agganis Arena with Dare to Dream.The holidays are a special time for all of us to create lifetime memories with our family and friends, taking in some of the amazing performances Boston is known for, said Catherine Peterson, Executive Director at ArtsBoston. We want everyone to have the chance to enjoy these holiday performances and the Mayors Holiday Special creates that opportunity, making it easy and affordable to share the joy of the holiday season through arts and culture.Interested in seeing a performance of The Nutcracker this year? There are many options to choose from, including Boston Ballet, Moscow Ballets Great Russian Nutcracker, Jos Mateo Ballet Theatre or Tony Williams Urban Nutcracker. The Worcester Area Ballet will also present The Nutcracker at The Hanover Theatre in Worcester Not quite feeling the holiday spirit yet? Ensuring there is something for everyone to enjoy, New Repertory Theatre presents Fiddler on the Roof, the Huntington Theatre Company performs Bedroom Farce, Actors Shakespeare Project has The Tempest and Lyric Stage Company offers Murder for Two.At the Highland Street Foundation, we want to help ensure all families can experience the holiday performances Boston is known for, said Blake Jordan, Executive Director of Highland Street Foundation. The Mayors Holiday Special makes that happen, offering amazing deals that make the shows affordable to all while bringing new audiences to the performing arts. Were proud to play a role in this Boston tradition.In 2015, more than 2.2 million people attended shows during the short holiday season, generating more than $54 million to the local economy outside of ticket sales, through dinner, shopping and parking.Boston continues to be a wonderful destination for visitors and tourists during the holiday season, said Patrick Moscaritolo, President & CEO of the Greater Boston Convention & Visitors Bureau. The Mayors Holiday Special makes it easy, a one-stop destination for tickets, dining and information on everything happening in the city during this special time. We are looking forward to welcoming everyone to Boston.The Mayors Holiday Special is presented by Highland Street Foundation and supported by the Mayors Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment, Massachusetts Cultural Council, The Boston Globe, Boston.com, Boston Central, Magic 106.7 FM, WCVB-TV, Faneuil Hall Marketplace and Bank of America.AboutArtsBostonFounded in 1975,ArtsBostonis a nonprofitartsservice organization with a mission to support and grow theartsand cultural sector of GreaterBoston. In support of our 175 member organizations and reaching over 1 millionarts consumers, we provide vital research and audience building programs that encourage participation inartsand culture, stimulate demand and raise attendance.ArtsBostonis a two-time recipient (2001 and 2015) of the Massachusetts Cultural Council Commonwealth Award  the states highest honor for thearts.www.ArtsBoston.orgAbout the GreaterBostonConvention & Visitors BureauThe GreaterBostonConvention & Visitors Bureau (GBCVB) is the primary private sector marketing and visitor service organization charged with the development of meetings, conventions and tourism-related business. Its goal is to enhance the economy ofBoston, Cambridge and the metropolitan area. The GBCVB is a not-for-profit, membership-driven sales and marketing business comprised of over 1,200 companies across New England that depend upon the visitor and convention industries for their own success and growth.www.BostonUSA.comAbout the Highland Street FoundationSince 1989, the Highland Street Foundation has worked to enrich the lives of children and families in Massachusetts by donating more than $160 million to worthy nonprofit organizations. From its support of the TADpole playground inBoston Common, to providing tickets to local sporting events to local nonprofits, to building capacity and providing technical assistance to hundreds of nonprofit organizations, the foundation is dedicated to expanding opportunities for families in Massachusetts and beyond.www.HighlandStreet.org
"BOSTON -Wednesday, November 9, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today issued the following statements based on election results for ballot question 2 to lift the charter school cap and ballot question 5, the Community Preservation Act:Question 2""The election results show that the majority of voters agree that it is financially irresponsible to increase the number of charter schools in our state without identifying a steady stream of funding to cover the cost. Boston has the best charter schools and the best district schools of any major city in the nation, and I look forward to our important work ahead in continuing to improve our schools.""Question 5""I am proud that the residents of Boston have voted to join 161 other cities and towns across the Commonwealth in approving the Community Preservation Act. The CPA will allow us to invest in making our neighborhoods more equitable and beautiful by unlocking tens of millions of dollars each year for affordable housing, while protecting open space and investing in historic preservation projects. I look forward to the increased community benefits that will be shared across the City of Boston as a result of the passage of this act."""
"The cost of housing is putting pressure on people at many different income levels. Since we began discussions around housing last fall, weve heard from longtime residents who are seeing their neighborhoods change, young professionals who are debating whether or not to stay in the city as they begin to raise a family, and many others contending with the issue of rising housing costs. Imagine Boston presents an opportunity to increase housing affordability and address displacement while looking for creative ways to build a variety of housing that fits the needs of Bostons diverse population. So what are some of the ideas?In 2014, Mayor Walsh rolled outHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, the Citys strategy to responsibly plan for our projected growth to over 700,000 residents by 2030. In the plan, the Mayor outlined a goal of reaching53,000new housing units needed to accommodate that growth. Enter theHousing Innovation Lab, created by the Mayor under the Office of New Urban Mechanics as a way to bring design thinking and innovation to help solve some of Bostons housing challenges.The Housing Innovation Lab has been tasked with exploring ideas that have the potential to drive down the cost to build, buy, and own homes in Boston. One of the big (or small!) ideas theyve come up with so far is theUrban Housing Unit (UH), pronounced yoo-hoo.""The 385-square-foot-unit has gained a lot of traction recently and is a sneak-peek at just one of the creative solutions the Housing Innovation Lab is considering to address Bostons housing needs. With separate spaces for sleeping, bathing, storage, and entertaining, the UH is built so that four units could be stacked on top of each other or even combined. An added benefit to the UH? Its price-conscious. Designers anticipate that construction costs could fall somewhere between $40,000 and $70,000, making a home purchase significantly cheaper than buying a typical apartment in Boston. For average Bostonians looking to buy, this could make the difference between renting and homeownership.Still, the Housing Innovation Lab recognizes that for most, a home under 400 square feet would be an adjustment. Thats why, over the past few months, the UH has been traveling ona roadshowto different neighborhoods throughout the city that will culminate in an exhibit at the Boston Society of Architects from November 5 December15, offering residents the opportunity to tour and experience the compact housing unit first-hand.Other initiatives being explored to promote housing affordability include:In addition to efforts to increase the amount of new units, Imagine Boston 2030 will also work to preserve existing affordable units.What do you think about these initiatives? UHUs and community land trusts are just some of the ideas under consideration for expanding quality, affordable housing opportunities for Bostonians. What other ways could the City help make neighborhoods more affordable? We asked Bostonians for their ideas this summer and are excited to explore strategies for addressing affordability  one of their top concerns.Get involved!Catch our engagement team and staff at an event in your neighborhood, and connect and share your ideas with us onTwitter,Facebook, andInstagramusing #ImagineBoston. And dont forget to sign up for Imagine Bostonupdates!"
"BOSTON -Monday, November 7, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the schedule for this year's Mayor's Trolley Tour and Enchanted Tree Lightings occurring onDecember 2nd, 3rd and 4th in neighborhoods throughout Boston.""The trolley tour and tree lightings are great ways to continue to foster the spirit of community and bring a little extra joy to people during the holiday season,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The holiday season is a time for unity and thanksgiving. All are welcome, and we look forward to visiting different neighborhoods throughout the city for a weekend full of fun and celebration.""For the 21st year, the Mayor's Enchanted Trolley Tour will continue the festive tradition of lighting holiday trees throughout Boston while bringing presents and holiday spirit to children across Boston. The 2016 Mayor's Enchanted Trolley Tour and Tree Lightings are sponsored by the Bank of America.The Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, free public events for Bostonians and visitors to the city and is proud to collaborate with Bank of America.For further information please call617-635-3911, go to the Visiting Boston website, visit their Facebook page, or check out@VisitBostonCityon Twitter."
In conjunction with the initiative All the Citys a Stage: A Season of Shakespeare at the Boston Public Library, The Brattle Theatre and Boston Public Library present a Shakespeare Out of the Box film series running Monday, November 14  Monday, December 19 at the Central Library in Copley Square. The Monday, December 5 showing ofTituswill be followed by a Q&A with Academy-award nominated director Julie Taymor.The series features some of the more outside of the box adaptations of the Bards many great works. From musicals to science fiction and from U.S. high schools to the African savannah, these selections prove that Shakespeares narratives are truly universal. All films screen in Rabb Hall at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street.Boston Public Library welcomes film enthusiasts and casual viewers alike to the Central Library for what promises to be an intriguing series at this historic cultural venue I am grateful to The Brattle Theatre for their work to bring their unique viewpoint to the curation of this series, and know we all greatly look forward to Julie Taymors insights in early December, said Michael Colford, Director of Library Services for the Boston Public Library.The Boston area is home to many important cultural institutions, and The Brattle Theatre is among the finest, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts & Culture for the City of Boston. Through this partnership, we are able to collaborate with organizations in new ways and reach a broader community of those who appreciate the arts.Film Schedule:Monday, November 14, at 6 p.m.West Side StoryThis certified American film classic is a streetwise musical version ofRomeo & Juliet.Monday, November 21 at 6 p.m.10 Things I Hate about YouThe writing team of Karen and Kirsten Smith cleverly transposeThe Taming of the Shrewfrom sixteenth-century Italy to Padua High your typical twentieth- century American high school.Monday, November 28, at 6 p.m.The Lion KingWhile not a direct adaptation, this Disney classic owes much to ShakespearesHamletwith a young lion stepping in for the melancholy Dane and the African savannah replacing the castle Elsinore.Monday, December 5, at 5 p.m. (note special time)TitusThe most direct adaptation in this program, Julie TaymorsTitushews close to the original text ofTitus Andronicus,but makes use of stunning cinematic effects to drive home one of Shakespeares bloodiest and most infamous tragedies.A Conversation with Julie Taymor at 8 p.m.Acclaimed director Julie Taymor joins viewers for a discussion about her career adapting Shakespeare for the stage and screen.Monday, December 12, 6 p.m.RanThe great director Akira Kurosawa adaptsKing Learas a medieval Japanese epic with Tatsuya Nakadai inhabiting the role of the aging and doomed king.Monday, December 19, 6 p.m.Forbidden PlanetPerhaps the most out there adaptation in the program,Forbidden Planethurls the Bard into space with a sci-fi interpretation ofThe Tempest.All the Citys a Stage: A Season of Shakespeare at the Boston Public Librarycommemorates the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeares death. From September 2016 to June 2017, discover the Bards lasting legacy with two exhibitions at the Central Library in Copley Square and dozens of programs system wide connecting audiences to theater and the dramatic arts. Visitwww.bpl.org/shakespearefor more information.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
November 7, 2016 -- With the end of Daylight Saving Time, the Boston Transportation Department urges people who drive, walk, and bicycle in Boston to keep each other safe by paying attention to the rules of the road and being aware of others who are also traveling on our streets. With sunnier mornings and darker evenings, you may be caught off-guard during otherwise familiar trips. Slow down and give yourself more time to react and prevent potentially serious crashes.As evenings get dark earlier, people who are driving, walking and bicycling need to be more aware of each other than ever, said BTD Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. Our top priority is ensuring the safety of people traveling on our streets, and we ask everyone to help us by slowing down and looking out for each other.Nationwide, more fatal pedestrian crashes happen in the dark (72%) than in daylight (24%).Breakstone, White & Gluck, a local law firm that works to improve bicycle safety throughout the state, donated bike lights to help BTD enhance awareness as Daylight Saving Time ends. Throughout the week, staff and volunteers will distribute lights to bicyclists who are riding without them on streets Downtown and in Allston, Brighton, Dorchester, East Boston, Mattapan, Roxbury, and South Boston.Age-Friendly Boston has made reflective armbands available on a first come, first serve basis at the Elderly Commission, room 271, and BTD, room 721, Boston City Hall.If you are traveling by car:When you are walking:If you are riding a bike:If you see a broken street light or a pothole, report it to BOS:311. You can file reports by calling 311, downloading the app, tweeting @BOS311, or visiting 311.boston.gov.
"BOSTON -Monday, November 7, 2016- The City of Boston Election Department today released plans for the General Election taking place onTuesday, November 8, 2016. The polls in Boston will open at7:00 a.m.and close at8:00 p.m.Please visithereto check your voter status and your voting location. All absentee ballot applications must be in the possession of the Election Department by12:00 p.m.onMonday, November 7, 2016. Voters planning to vote absentee in person must be in the Election Department by12:00 p.m.onNovember 7, 2016.Voters who requested a ballot by mail must have their marked ballot returned to the Boston Election Department in room 241 either by mail or in person before8 p.m.onNovember 8. Ballots that are not in by8 p.m.will not be counted.There are currently 415,536 registered voters in Boston, the highest number in the City in over 30 years. Prior to the 2012 presidential election, there were 387,142 voters registered in Boston.During the Early Voting Period there were47,909 ballots cast, representing 11.5% of the registered voters in the City of Boston.Ballots have been printed for more than 100% of Boston's415,536registered voters. All polling places will be equipped with an Automark machine, which assists voters with sensory and physical limitations in marking their ballots this device also provides translation assistance.The following languages will be available at the polls and through a central translator telephone bank:The Boston Election department has recruited and trained more than 1,800 poll workers to staff more than 170 polling locations, covering approximately 255 precincts. From answering calls from residents, to working the polling locations, to counting ballots, poll workers play a vital role in the success of Election Day.To help boost civic engagement, residents are encouraged to use hashtag #BostonVoteson social media platforms, such as Facebook and Twitter, with photos of ""I voted"" stickers.Unofficial election results will be posted online atboston.govafter the polls close at8:00 p.m.Updates on turnout will be provided periodically via Twitter: @BostonElections, and theCity of Boston Elections Department's Facebook account.Please use the Election Department'swebsiteto receive additional information regarding the election registered voters are able to use the site to locate polling locations.Media Guidelines"
The Housing Innovation Lab (iLab) functions as a lightning rod for great housing ideas. This is not because the iLab itself comes up with all the new and fantastic ideas. Instead it attracts ideas, finds the right partners, and executes to bring the best ones to life. To create space for the influx of new ideas, the iLab has threehours set aside each week, on Thursday afternoons, to meet with local entrepreneurs, nonprofits, agencies, and community members. The iLab hears all ideas andoffers critical feedback. If the idea is ready, the iLab identifies the best party inside or outside of the City to take the idea and run with it. The Housing Innovation Competition is an example of a initiativethat started from an idea brought to the Lab. It was brought to life through a collaborative effort of internal and external partners.We are always eager to hear new ideas and we work hard to find ways to foster the great ones. Sign up to chat with us during our office hours held every Thursday afternoon.
Boston Public Library is kicking off the James Phinney Baxter Lecture Series on Thursday, November 10, in Rabb Hall at the Central Library in Copley Square with the premiere of the filmSeeds of Freedom: A Vision for America. The film presents a revolutionary look at the synthesis between European colonists and the American Indian in the evolution of American democracy, mind, and spirit. At the event, Mohawk elderTom Porterand Pilgrim ScholarGary Markswill present insights into the Iroquois Great Law and the Pilgrim vision for humanity as they apply to today and the future. The event begins at 5 p.m. with a meet and greet with Tom Porter, Gary Marks, and the filmmaker followed by the film screening at 6 p.m. and a discussion led by film director Andrew Cameron Bailey.Film Synopsis:Eminent philanthropist/historian James Phinney Baxter (1831-1921) believed that America must embody the high ideals of New Englands original settlers if it is to become a global exemplar of liberty, equality, and justice. In 1921 he left a bequest instructing Boston to build a Pantheon to perpetuate the founding ideals and principles. Baxters great-great-granddaughter Connie Baxter Marlow adds a missing piece  the role of the American Indian in the evolution of democracy and the American mind and spirit. The film is written, directed, and produced by Andrew Cameron Bailey and Connie Baxter Marlow of Cameron/Baxter Films. View a trailer for the filmhere.The Baxter Project Team has producedbooks,films,photography exhibitions, andtalksover the past 25 years to bring the Pilgrim vision and the Native American voice, heart, and spirit forward.About James Phinney Baxter:James Phinney Baxter felt there must be a New England Pantheon or Temple of Honor to house a pictorial record of the deeds and ideals of the founders of New England. He was well aware of the persistent attempt to defame and belittle the Pilgrim and the Puritanbefore and during 1920, the 300thAnniversary of the landing of theMayflower. In 1921 Mr. Baxter bequeathed money to the City of Boston with the specification that in the future it would be used to build the Pantheon. A portion of the fund has been used to create The Mayors Office for Immigrant Advancement and supports the James Phinney Baxter Lecture Series.About The James Phinney Baxter Lecture Series:The James Phinney Baxter Lecture Series is dedicated to Baxters vision of America  realizing its promise of liberty, justice and equality for all. The series will be held semi-annually leading up to 2020  the 400th anniversary of the landing of the Mayflower. The Lecture Series will include subjects thatpromote the commemorative and public understanding of the history of the settlement of and immigration to New England, past and present.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
Boston Public Library announces its first Composer-in-Residence, Beau Kenyon, whose debut concert with the BPL takes place onSaturday, November 12, at 2:30 p.m.in Rabb Hall at the Central Library in Copley Square. Kenyons role in this pilot program includes enriching Library spaces and collections through public programs focused on music and performance throughout the library system.The multi-platform, multidisciplinary event, The Sound of, is intended to connect various members of the Boston community in multiple ways all through the action of finding and creating stillness through sound. The concert features performances by Christina English (mezzo-soprano), Vanessa Holroyd (flute), Daniel Doa (viola), Franzisca Huhn (harp), and Beau Kenyon (piano) as they perform a collection of work by Toru Takemitsu, Marti Epstein, and Beau Kenyon.The Composer-in-Residence program at the Boston Public Library is one example of how the City of Boston supports local artists and incorporates them into civic life, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts & Culture for the City of Boston. Artists play a critical role in ensuring Boston is a thriving and innovative city. They educate and inspire, helping all of us to realize the power of creativity.Boston Public Library is committed to engaging library users and visitors in a variety of ways, including through performance art we are confident Beau Kenyons programs will thrill community members and further develop their appreciation of the arts, said Michael Colford, Boston Public Librarys Director of Library Services.The residency, running through June 2017, includes access to and use of the Boston Public Librarys circulating, research and special collections, creation of public music-related programs, and community outreach efforts to raise awareness of the Boston Public Librarys resources in the broader music community.From June 3-10, 2017 Kenyon will also hold series of And All the Men and Women Merely Playersperformances at the Central Library, celebrating the culmination of the LibrarysShakespeare initiative,All the Citys a Stage: A Season of Shakespeare at the Boston Public Library.I feel so fortunate to have this opportunity this season, I'll be collaborating with incredible authors, musicians, choreographers, and librarians, and together, we'll create concert performances, sound and dance installations, and workshops - all free and open to the public, said Beau Kenyon, Boston Public Librarys Composer-in-Residence. Not only am I able to work with and celebrate Boston's creative talent, I am helping to create and pilot a residency for composers in the future, he said.An enthusiastic multi-disciplinarian, Beau Kenyons work is often inspired by the extra-musical, including dance, literature, visual arts, and even current events. Kenyon strives to collaborate with dancers, authors, artists, and filmmakers, with an aim towards redefining the performance landscape and widening the scope and accessibility of new music.Kenyon is the director of extracurricular programs at Kingsley Montessori School his programs include a music school for private study, academic enrichment courses, and an engineering and fine arts summer camp for elementary-aged students. Recent work includes collaboration with Urbanity Dance, Andrew Kelley (Boston Ballet) and Gino Di Marco (Boston Conservatory) through the North Atlantic Dance Theater, as well as a contributing composer role for Illuminus Bostons project,Waking the Monster.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
A selection committee comprised of SPARK Boston Council members reviewed more than a hundred nominations in order to select these finalists. A round of online voting will determinethe winners in each category.
"BOSTON -Friday, November 4, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch of the City's firstHousing Innovation Competition.The Housing Innovation Competition is intended to determine if innovatively designed compact units combined with reduced development costs will result in financially feasible developments with a mix of affordable price points.The Housing Innovation Competition is part of Mayor Walsh's call for Boston to become a national and international leader in pioneering innovative housing models to serve the needs of Boston's current and future residents.""We want Boston to be a place that all residents can call home,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""To do so, we must look beyond the options that currently exist and activate new and original ideas. The Housing Innovation Competition is a chance for Boston to take its place at the forefront of housing innovation.""The City's Department of Neighborhood Development, in partnership with the Mayor's Housing Innovation Lab, the Garrison Trotter Neighborhood Association (GTNA), and the Boston Society of Architects (BSA)/AIA, will be soliciting proposals for a City of Boston pilot initiative on five City-owned vacant land parcels in the Garrison Trotter neighborhood. The properties associated with the Housing Innovation Competition are 71 and 73 Holworthy Street, 29 and 31 Hollander Street, and 24 Westminster Avenue. The proposals will be solicited through a competitive Request for Proposal (RFP) process.The resulting proposals will allow the City to test the effectiveness of this pilot initiative on multiple fronts: reducing costs to build creating market driven, attractive and livable compact homes and promoting a diverse resident income mix, including affordable workforce and market rate housing.Well-designed units with smaller footprints can offer residents an affordable option to renting or owning closer to the city center and transit-oriented areas. Teams of architects, developers, and contractors are asked to submit entries that utilize creative design solutions that meet the community's aspirational goals in compact units.""Working together, we can ensure that Boston is a city that stays affordable to the people who live here,"" said Sheila A. Dillon, Boston's Chief of Housing. ""Many people worked very hard to put this RFP together, and I'm so glad that this competition will begin putting ideas into action.""""This competition provides an opportunity to stimulate the architect, contractor, and developer communities to collaborate on the creation of lower-cost prototype dwellings that may solve fundamental housing needs throughout Boston,"" said Tamara Roy AIA, 2016 Boston Society of Architects/AIA president.In August, Mayor Walsh announced that a prototype housing model, the Urban Housing Unit (UHU), would travel over the span of three months to different neighborhoods throughout the city. The roadshow, which concluded earlier this week, was designed to offer residents the opportunity to tour and experience first-hand a compact housing unit. During its tour, the UHU visited six neighborhoods and was toured by over 2,000residents. The UHU will be available for daily tours at its new location, the Boston Society of Architects space on Atlantic Wharf.Proposals for the Housing Innovation CompetitionaredueMonday, December 19, 2016. DND, BPDA, BSA/AIA, and the Mayor's Housing Innovation Lab will host an informational event for interested parties onThursday, November 10, 2016 from 3:30 - 5:30 PM, at the Boston Society of Architects Space - 290 Congress St #200, Boston."
The City of Bostons Open Data to Open Knowledge project, which is funded by the Knight Foundation through a partnership with the Department of Innovation and Technology and the Boston Public Library, is moving to a new open data platform in spring 2017.As part of a lengthy research effort, the City evaluated many open data platforms and picked the Comprehensive Knowledge Archive Network (CKAN). The open source network managed by the Open Knowledge Foundation met both the current and future needs of the Citys open data efforts. User-generated visualizations or applications made on the current open data platform will not be immediately affected by the transition. The City will keep the current open data platform in place until summer 2017. We hope this gives users enough time to get used to the new platform.
The City of Boston recently completed a pilot program on Cambridge Street designed to afford better access to curbside commercial loading zones in an effort to reduce the incidence of double parking by commercial vehicles, improve safety for people riding bicycles and provide a smoother flow of traffic. During the trial period, the hours of operation at all commercial loading zones on this active stretch of roadway were standardized from 7 AM to 7 PM. As a result of the success of this collaborative effort of the Boston Transportation Department (BTD) and the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM) this change will be permanenteffective immediately.This is a perfect example of agencies combining resources to target and resolve problems that impact so many people, said Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh. A variety of businesses located on Cambridge Street serve Boston residents from Beacon Hill, the West End and other Downtown neighborhoods, as well as commuters working at MGH, in Government Center and in nearby offices. The action being taken provides a safe and functional environment for local businesses to accept deliveries and welcome their customers, and for bicyclists and other area commuters to get to their destinations even during the busiest hours of the day.Prior to the start of the pilot program in early August, commercial vehicles regularly double parked on Cambridge Street, between Somerset and Grove Streets, blocking both bicycle and motor vehicle traffic on this active stretch of roadway. The practice limited portions of Cambridge Street to one lane of moving traffic in a direction heading toward Government Center during the morning rush hour, causing dangerous conditions, particularly for bicyclists forced to merge quickly and unexpectedly into moving vehicular traffic.Comments made on the City of Bostons Vision Zero Safety Concerns Map indicated that people riding bikes did not feel safe on Cambridge Street, said BTD Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. Staff from BTD and MONUM took a second look at the existing regulations and came up with a plan to better meet the needs of commercial vehicle drivers that would ultimately benefit all users of the roadway.Previously, the commercial loading zones along this stretch of roadway were in operation at a variety of times throughout the day, said Kris Carter, Co-Chair of the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics. The pilot program brought uniformity to the commercial loading process and decreased illegal parking by eliminating any confusion related to when the curbspace was reserved exclusively for commercial loading purposes.Baseline research was conducted by a MONUM summer fellow from Boston University for two weeks prior to the change in rules. Evaluation was based on the number of double parked vehicles, the number of automatic and user-generated jams and complaints captured by the WAZE traffic app, and input from Cambridge Street business representatives regarding their delivery schedules.At the conclusion of the pilot period, WAZE jam notifications had decreased and a marked decline was indicated in both commercial and non-commercial vehicle double parking.
Boston Public Librarys free Homework Help program is underway and runs through May 25, 2017, offering free afterschool help and mentorship provided by high-achieving high school students. The program, offered Monday through Thursday from 3:30 -5:30 p.m. is open to students in grades K-8 no registration required. Boston Teachers Union tutors are also available during select weekdays from 4-6 p.m. for students in grades K-12. Visitwww.bpl.org/homeworkfor complete information.Homework Help is an essential resource offered to Bostons youth to encourage learning in a safe, welcoming environment, and we are immensely grateful to Harvard University for their training support of the high school mentors who implement the program throughout our locations, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library.Boston Public Library began collaborating with Harvard University to provideSmartTALKtraining to Homework Help mentors in 2014. Since its launch in 2008, SmartTALK has worked to help adequately prepare and train educators and mentors in Cambridge and Boston to help children of all ages develop strong academic and social skills outside of school hours.Homework help gives students the confidence they need to become critical thinkers and to develop their skills in a supportive setting, and libraries will always be a place that children can turn to for educational assistance, said Farouqua Abuzeit, Manager of Youth Services for the Boston Public Library.Online help is also available throughLearningExpress Library, which can help students from grade school through college improve their skills by taking practice tests, completing exercises, and reading e-books. LearningExpress can also help college-bound students prepare for the ACT, SAT, and other standardized tests. Students may also search for articles and use books online withstudent electronic resources, and look for book, CDs, movies, and more in theBPL catalog.Boston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"BOSTON -Wednesday, November 2, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today unveiled the results of a national survey which showed Boston's summer learning effort outpacing its peers - data the Mayor used to renew calls for greater public and private investment in critical summer programs.Surrounded by leaders from 127 summer learning programs at the historic YMCA on Huntington Avenue, Mayor Walsh showcased results from the 2016 Boston Summer Learning Community, which reached 10,084 Boston school children in 2016 with an average attendance rate of 85 percent.Additionally, a new national report from RAND, which includes Boston, shows that high attending students outperformed the control group in math, and these benefits persisted through the school year. After a second summer, high attenders outperformed the control group in math and reading, both in the fall and in the following spring.""The Boston Summer Learning Community is an asset for our families and our schools,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The value of this programming goes far beyond better grades. It creates safe spaces for children to explore their interests, build confidence and practice real-world skills, which is why I look forward to taking our city's summer learning program to the next level.""The academic advantage for students with high attendance after the second summer is substantial, representing between 20 percent and 25 percent of typical annual gains in mathematics and reading.""Summer is the fifth quarter of the school year,"" said Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""Students from these programs are now learning new material in school and not just catching up on last year's lessons.""The summer network features a wide array of enrichment activities, from boat building to entrepreneurship, and a focus on social-emotional skills, like perseverance and critical thinking. Teachers rated high attenders more highly on these skills than the control group students.""By engaging students based on their interests, we can increase attendance and provide real world context and practice for developing skills,"" said Chris Smith, executive director of Boston After School & Beyond, the city's lead partner on after-school and summer learning efforts.Boston is one of five cities participating in the $50 million National Summer Learning Project, funded by The Wallace Foundation and evaluated by RAND. The report, Learning from Summer: Effects of Voluntary Summer Learning Programs on Low-Income Urban Youth, explains the impact of programs in summers 2013 and 2014. The other cities include Dallas, Duval County (FL), Pittsburgh, and Rochester (NY).""The strong results from the national study,and the commitment of so many programs,are evidence that we can make high quality summer learning the norm for low-income students,"" said James Morton, CEO of the YMCA of Greater Boston.""We need effective public policy to get there.""According to the study, Boston had a greater share of students who were high attenders than the five-city average, reaching 73 percent in year one and 67 percent in year two, compared to 63 percent and 60 percent nationally.Local data collected across all 127 summer programs reinforce these national findings. On average, the 2016 Boston Summer Learning Community met or exceeded the research-based benchmark in all aspects of program performance, including program organization, supportive environment, and student engagement.The value of this programming goes far beyond better grades. It creates safe spaces for children to explore their interests, build confidence and practice real-world skillsMayorWalshBoth teachers and students reported significant improvements in all measured social-emotional skills at the end of programming. Most notably, 83 percent of youth reported improvements in academic motivation 81 percent in learning interest and 75 percent in critical thinking, perseverance, and empathy.Learning from Summer: Effects of Voluntary Summer Learning Programs on Low-Income Urban Youth, is available atwww.rand.organdwww.wallacefoundation.org."
We know that Boston has incredible parks and open spaces, but resident feedback suggests a need more investment and better connectivity to other green spaces and neighborhoods.Completing the Emerald Necklace is one of these big ideas!The conception of the Emerald Necklace began in the late 19th century when landscape architectFrederick Law Olmstedwas commissioned to create a park network in Boston, known as the great country park. When Olmsted began his plan in the late 1870s, Franklin Park had only recently been incorporated into the city limits with the annexation of West Roxbury, which encompassed all of todays neighborhoods of West Roxbury, Roslindale and Jamaica Plain. Roxbury itself had only been incorporated into Boston a decade earlier in 1867, and at the time, Roxbury encompassed all of Mission Hill, Fenway, and even part of todays Back Bay. In addition to connecting Boston Common and the Public Garden to Franklin Park, another driving force of Olmsteds vision for the Emerald Necklace was the need to clean up the marshy area that we know today as the Fens and Back Bay, and to create new places for Bostonians to live. By 1880, a complete plan began to take shape that would connect the citys most treasured open spaces to Jamaica Pond and the newly created Arnold Arboretum, through a new network of streams and linear parks. The marshes were channeled into what is today the Muddy River and the Fens, and new land was created to extend the Back Bay neighborhood.Although Bostonians today enjoy the legacy of Olmsteds vision, the Emerald Necklace was never completed.We heard from many people, including several participants at theDorchester workshopthis summer, that they want to complete the Emerald Necklace by connecting Franklin Park to the waterfront and making Columbia Road a tree lined corridor with grass/green space. How do you think the City should best invest in the Emerald Necklace? Are there other green spaces around the city that you believe would most benefit from added attention? Let us know! Check out ouremerging ideaspage to check out this idea and many more.Want more ways toget involved? Share your ideas and connect with us onTwitter,Facebook, andInstagramusing #ImagineBoston. And dont forget to sign up for Imagine Bostonupdates!
The City of Boston Transportation Department is asking drivers to please avoid Court Street in Government Center due to ongoing traffic complications from the closure of Tremont Street.Vehicles turning right onto Court Street from Congress Street are not currently allowed to turn left onto Tremont Street. Instead, vehicles are being detoured right onto Cambridge Street in the direction toward Massachusetts General Hospital. Cambridge Street in the direction towards Tremont Street remains closed to traffic at Sudbury Street.Traffic isheavier than usual on Congress Street and drivers are advised to avoid the area if possible.
As we prepare to open up submissions for the third round of grants on November 1, I wanted to take a moment to share what weve done so far. The Opportunity Fund provides small dollar grants, up to $1,000, ten times per year. Its designed to provide assistance to artists when they need it, when a small investment can help them showcase their work or learn a new skill, as well as to provide an opportunity for support with deadlines throughout the year, not just once.Ten months a year, we publish the application. Each round, we have $10,000 to share with artists, which will, in turn, help them share their work with Boston. Applications are considered for materials, professional development, conference fees, travel related to professional development or creative opportunities, stipends for teaching artists, or other opportunities that might help an artist share their work with the public. Teachers or schools may also apply to fund cultural field trips. Evidenced by the number of applications received to date, its a fund that is clearly needed. Over the past few months, weve funded travel expenses for artists to present their performance art and for students to take field trips to the Isaac Royall House and to the Museum of Fine Arts. Artists have successfully applied for grants to offer workshops to others, including a poetry slam, electronic bucket drumming classes, multi-media productions, an art class for vulnerable teens as well as one for seniors.Weve provided grants to help artists purchase materials they need for exhibiting their artwork, to produce original music and to attend the workshops and professional development events that will help them further their careers. Grants have also been given to fund the production of experimental theatre pieces, community productions and public art installations.Prior to the launch of this program, the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture made grants on an annual basis and only to organizations, not individual artists. Thanks to the support of Mayor Walsh, the Opportunity Fund now helps individual artists thrive in Boston, one of the goals of Boston Creates, the Citys cultural plan. We are looking forward to reading the next round of submission and seeing all of the wonderful projects that Boston artists have in mind. The application will be available next from November 1 - 15here.
We here at the Digital Team have preached the importance of user feedback. We also know how important it is that our tools grow and adapt to our users changing needs, so we built our site on an open source content management system, Drupal, that is constantly tended by a vast community of developers. Keeping with that spirit of constant improvement based on input from our users, today were releasing Boston.gov as an open source project.What does that mean? Were releasing Boston.govs source code to the public domain, so anyone can see the code that makes Boston.gov work, point out problems, fix problems, and even use the code for their own city, town, or organization. Well also be making everything we build open by default going forward. Were excited to be part of a growing network of government organizations making the work we do open.Why are we doing it? Theres a large, civic-minded ecosystem of software developers out there, especially in the Drupal community, and were hoping they will lend a hand to improve Boston.gov. As an open source project, we can also more easily work with organizations (like our friends at Code for Boston) or academic institutions interested in helping city governments adapt to 21st-century needs.How can you get involved? There are three main ways were hoping to get you involved:If youre interested in taking on a project, weve scoped some out that wed love help with. Just some ideas for now, but we're open to new ones:There are lots more, too. You can always filter issues by the Help Wanted label, or suggest your own feature.So, are you a software developer, UXer, or designer who sees major issues with Boston.gov? Have you been aching to see a city website do [your idea] for forever-and-a-day? Are you rebuilding digital experiences for your own town or city and there are features you could reuse from Boston.gov? Check out our guides to working on Boston.gov and explore the code. Well see you on Github!
"BOSTON -Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Fire Commissioner Joseph E. Finn today announced the provision of new, enhanced protective equipment for Boston firefighters. The City of Boston and MSA Safety Incorporated released a $4.5 million joint contract to provide state-of-the-art respiratory equipment and Self-Contained Breathing Apparatus (SCBA) technology to the Boston Fire Department, which will replace the current equipment that has been in use.""Boston firefighters put their lives on the line every day to keep the City of Boston safe, and this new respiratory equipment will help ensure their safety on the job,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Cancer, carbon monoxide poisoning and other physical injuries are serious threats to our firefighters. This technology is a significant upgrade for our first responders, and I thank MSA Safety Incorporated for partnering with us to make Boston firefighters, and the entire City of Boston, safer.""This technology is a significant upgrade for our first responders, and I thank MSA Safety Incorporated for partnering with us to make Boston firefighters, and the entire City of Boston, safer.Mayor WalshConcern over the health and well-being of firefighters when exposed to dangerous heat and toxins prompted the Boston Fire Department to evaluate alternative protective equipment and SCBA technology. The Boston Fire Department's Training Division decided to upgrade to G1 SCBA after conducting an extensive and comprehensive evaluation process with the support of Boston Firefighters Local 718 IAFF (International Association of Firefighters).For the Boston Fire Department (BFD), the new SCBA technology supports the department's many efforts to lower the long-term threat of cancer among firefighters, as well the number of annual joint and muscular injuries sustained by firefighters on the job.""Since 1990, more than 160 Boston firefighters have died from cancer, and every year another 20 firefighters are diagnosed with the disease. The department has also seen more than 150 neck and shoulder injuries in a calendar year,"" said Commissioner Finn. ""These statistics were a key factor in the department's decision to deploy new practices and evaluate new protective equipment, and we're working to emphasize the need to wear protective equipment after a fire has been extinguished, and to properly clean that equipment to reduce additional exposure risks.""In 2014, Commissioner Finn established the department's first Safety, Health and Wellness Division with a goal of making Boston a model department as it relates to the health and well-being of its more than 1,450 firefighters. This initiative is part of that division's goal to deploy new tactics and using new equipment that improve the overall health, safety and welfare of firefighters.Unlike conventional designs, the G1 SCBA has no electronics on its facepiece. In addition, the unit's unique ergonomic design, combined with an adjustable waist belt and wide shoulder straps, allows more SCBA weight to be carried on a firefighter's hips. Collectively, these features make the SCBA more comfortable to wear for longer periods of time.In addition to these innovations, the G1 SCBA includes improved voice amplification and a ""Central Power"" unit that powers the entire SCBA from a single, rechargeable battery compartment. It also comes equipped with darkness- and smoke-piercing ""buddy lights"" that provide visible indicators, from any angle, of critical air supply data.About MSAEstablished in 1914, MSA Safety Incorporated is the global leader in the development, manufacture and supply of safety products that protect people and facility infrastructures. Many MSA products integrate a combination of electronics, mechanical systems and advanced materials to protect users against hazardous or life-threatening situations. For more information visit MSA'swebsite."
"BOSTON -Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a milestone in the development of the City of Boston's website: three months after launching a redesignedBoston.gov, the City has released the site's source code to the public domain as an open source project.""The City's website will have to constantly evolve and change to meet the needs of the people of Boston,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""By open sourcing Boston.gov, we're opening up our website to a community of software developers and designers who can help us build for the future.""By open sourcing Boston.gov, we're opening up our website to a community of software developers and designers who can help us build for the future.Mayor WalshThe City's Digital Team led the effort to open source Boston.gov after building and launching the redesigned website this year. Open sourcing Boston.gov allows the City to democratize the development of Boston.gov, working with outside organizations and academic institutions to build new features for the City's website. Software developers can now view theCity's public repository on GitHuband propose code contributions to improve the website. The City gave advance access to groups including Boston University to begin reviewing the code and making contributions.""Since we launched, many people in Boston have reached out to us looking to help with Boston.gov, and many other cities have looked to us as a model,"" said Jascha Franklin-Hodge, Boston's Chief Information Officer. ""By releasing the website as open source, we've taken a huge step to engage our local tech community, and the many other government technology innovators across the country.""This step makes Boston the first major US city to open source its full website. Additionally, the City of Boston will make future web applications and improvements that it develops open by default. The source code for the Drupal-based website will be made public, but no sensitive information will be released. Open source systems are often viewed as more secure due to the extra scrutiny they receive from a wider community of developers.Importantly, opening the website also allows the City of Boston to share useful features of Boston.gov with other cities and government agencies.""We talk regularly with cities in the region and around the country who are looking to redesign or improve their websites,"" said Boston's Chief Digital Officer Lauren Lockwood. ""Releasing Boston.gov in the public domain empowers others to reuse the code underlying our site without building it from scratch.""Releasing Boston.gov in the public domain empowers others to reuse the code underlying our site without building it from scratch.Lauren Lockwood, Chief Digital OfficerIn opening the site, Boston joins a growing number of cities, states, and federal governments releasing applications and websites as open source projects. It also adds to the City's ongoing efforts to share data and technology. The City recently launched an open source toolkit forCityScore, the City's daily performance management system, and the City'sOpen Data portalhas also become an important resource for municipal data.About the City of Boston's Digital TeamThe Digital Team is part of the City's Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) and focuses on delivering digital services that are welcoming, highly useful, and designed around the needs of the Boston community. As part of that effort, they launched the City's redesigned website, Boston.gov, in July 2016."
Boston Public Librarys November author talks and literary events feature a variety of topics, including the history of dining in Boston, Shakespeare & cocktails, and improving reading in children. The Shakespeare initiative All the Citys A Stage: A Season of Shakespeare at the Boston Public Library continues this month with programs available across the system.All the Citys A Stage: A Season of Shakespeare at the Boston Public Library programming:Visitwww.bpl.org/shakespearefor a complete listing of programs and events.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
WASHINGTON DC- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today offered the following remarks at a White House Community College convening about citywide tuition-free community college as part of President Obama's vision forAmerica's College Promise. Dr. Jill Biden and White House senior officials convened a group of university presidents, policymakers, elected officials, foundations, business leaders, researchers and students to discuss best practices to strengthen community college reform.As part of the panel presentation, Mayor Walsh announced that the City of Boston is currently exploring ways to expand itstuition-free community college programtoinclude Quincy College and Mass Bay Community College. Currently, graduates of Boston Public Schools are able to apply for the program to attend Bunker Hill Community College or Roxbury Community College free of tuition costs.
A number of Halloween related events will be taking place in the City of Boston from Saturday, October 29, through Monday, October 31. People traveling on Bostons local streets are asked to proceed with caution and watch for children trick or treating. Traffic and parking will be impacted at locations throughout the City.Saturday, October 29The Costume Dash 5K will begin at Copley Square at 9 AM. Runners will race down Boylston Street, turn left on Charles Street, turn around near Beacon Street and finish in the Boston Common. Traffic will be delayed briefly at intersections as runners make their way along the route. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 6 AM to 12 Noon parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Battery Street, North End, from Hanover Street to Commercial Street, will be closed to traffic from 9 AM to 4 PM and will require Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday & Sunday 8 AM to 4 PM parking restrictions as follows.Willowood Street, from Woodrow Avenue to Harwood Street in Dorchester will be closed to traffic from 11 AM to 8 PM.Sunday October 30Chandler Street, South End, from Columbus Avenue to Clarendon Street, will be closed to traffic from 1 PM to 5 PM.Monday, October 31Tyndale Street, Roslindale, will be closed to traffic from Guernsey Street to Ainsworth Street from 6 PM to 8 PM.Beckler Avenue, South Boston, will be closed to traffic from K Street to the end, from 3 PM to 9 PM.Mendum Street, Roslindale, will be closed to traffic from Fairview Street to Walter Street from 5:30 PM to 7:30 PM.Marlborough Street, Back Bay, will be closed to traffic from Berkeley Street to Fairfield Street, from 5:30 PM to 8:30 PM.Rutland Street, South End, will be closed to traffic from Tremont Street to Shawmut Street, from 5 PM to 8 PM.Halloween on the Hill will require the following streets on Beacon Hill to be closed to traffic from 4:30 PM to 8 PM.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Monday 12 PM to 8 PM parking restrictions will be in place on the following streets in Charlestown.
The Boston Public Works Department announced today that the Sullivan Square Underpass will be closed for routine maintenance this weekend. No traffic will be allowed to use the underpass from 9 p.m. on Friday, October 28, through 6 p.m.on Sunday, October 30.The maintenance to be performed is in preparation for the upcoming winter and is intended to improve safety and minimize the incidence of unscheduled traffic interruptions. The work to take place includes the replacement of guard rails, the repair of concrete and street lights, and the cleaning of drainage structures that will help to prevent flooding.The Sullivan Square Underpass connects Rutherford Avenue with Alford Street and directly effects traffic in both Charlestown and Everett. Drivers are encouraged to seek alternate routes away from this area as traffic congestion is expected in the general vicinity.
They offer unique perspectives, bringing innovative ideas and solutions to complex challenges. But because of their nature of their work, they are also often undercounted and thus, underserved. When we released the Boston Creates Cultural Plan this summer, keeping artists in Boston and recognizing their contributions to the city was identified as a key goal of the plan.The New England Foundation for the Arts (NEFA) has recognized this need as well. Last month, with the support of New Englands state arts agencies (including the Massachusetts Cultural Council) and the Barr Foundation, NEFA launchedCreatives Count, an online survey to uncover the needs of creatives and artists across New England. We are encouraging all creative workers here in Boston to take the time to participate.The Creatives Count survey asks creative workers (including artists, dancers, musicians, designers, craftspeople, architects, digital media creators, culture bearers, makers, and more), working full time at creative work or not, about various aspects of their work life, including the type of work, how much time is spent on those activities, and how much of their income comes from this work. The survey includes questions on demographics, education, training, income, employment status and sector, as well as specifics on creative pursuits, and the need for space. The survey will also offer an opportunity to identify key resources and needs for advancing a creative career.Why does this matter? By learning what the work life is like for creative workers, well be better able to connect them to resources. Ultimately, this research will showcase their economic contributions, highlight areas for potential investments, show which creative occupations and industries are showing growth and how the creative sector relates to other significant sectors in the New England region. Here in Boston, well use this data to inform decisions about housing, live work space, presenting and production space, grants and professional development opportunities and other needs of the creative community. It will also greatly inform the work of our forthcoming artist resource desk in City Hall.The survey will be open through November 18, 2016 and should take 20-30 minutes to complete. Please take the time to completethe surveyand encourage others to do the same. The results will inform a comprehensive report on the whole creative sector in New England that will be released in spring2017.
"HYDE PARK - Mayor Martin J. Walsh has announced the award of $250,000 from a Land and Water Conservation Fund (LWCF) grant for the environmental restoration of the Sherrin Woods Urban Wild in Hyde Park. The LWCF is a federal grant program administered by the state Executive Office of Energy and Environmental Affairs for the National Park Service.                       ""We are pleased to receive this grant to improve one of our natural areas that makes our city so livable and resilient,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We always welcome working with the National Park Service, the state Environmental Affairs Office and our communities to keep our neighborhoods green and healthy.""Sherrin Woods Urban Wild, a 24-acre natural area, is located in Hyde Park in southwestern Boston. It is primarily a wooded upland with two wetland areas and a large ledge outcropping, making for a varied natural landscape within a highly dense, urbanized neighborhood. According to Boston Parks Commissioner Chris Cook, the property was acquired in the early 1980s with help from a prior LWCF grant.""This new LWCF grant will improve existing features of the site and add new features to make it more usable,"" Cook said. ""For the first time, the City will formally invest in new trails and trailheads to improve its access and usability by the public, create a signage and wayfinding system to encourage users to explore the extensive trail system and install seating at scenic overlooks.""The project will create a new recreational opportunity that aligns with the natural features of the site by installing two climbing areas at Pine Rock, the prominent ledge outcropping on the site. The City will also install new plantings for wetland restoration that will enhance the wildlife habitat and ecological functioning of the two wetland areas in this project site.The community surrounding Sherrin Woods has participated in meetings and events at this site for several years. The Southwest Boston Community Development Corporation (SWBCDC) has partnered with the Boston Parks and Recreation Department to engage the community to better use this valuable resource. The SWBCDC has funded summer youth crews for improvement projects under the guidance of the City's Urban Wilds Manager Paul Sutton.""Based on input from these community meetings, the project is incorporating elements preferred by the public,"" Sutton said. ""A full community process with enhanced outreach will follow in the months to come with the selected project design consultant."""
Due to an emergency situation in the South End of Boston, the following streets are currently closed to traffic:These streets are expected to remain closed for an extended period of time.Commuters and other motor vehicle drivers are strongly advised to avoid this area of the South End neighborhood.
"BOSTON -Mayor Martin J. Walsh's millennial engagement initiative, SPARK Boston, will launch ""Vote With Us,"" a day-long series of ""pop-ups at the polls,"" events and activities, to encourage Boston's young adults to vote early for theNovember 8election. Nine early voting locations will be open between12:00 p.m. and 6:00 p.m.onSaturday, October 29th, and ""Vote With Us"" programming will take place at or nearby each available polling location.""Early voting presents a tremendous opportunity to activate young adults in this important upcoming election, "" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""Boston's millennials are socially connected and civically engaged. The ability to vote conveniently and on your own schedule makes voting more conducive to an active, mobile lifestyle, and I encourage our younger voters to take advantage of this opportunity.""""On election day, voters often pin 'I Voted' stickers to their clothes and devices, illustrating the strong social component involved in voting,"" said SPARK Boston Director Erin Santhouse. ""Early voting is our attempt to expand on that social component, while providing millennials registered in Boston the convenience of voting at any available early voting location. Voters can drop by a polling location that's convenient while out and about, or come 'Vote With Us' at any of our pop-ups at the polls.""Pop-ups will take place one after another throughout the day until the polls close at6:00 p.m.Each event will feature unique programming, and all are free and open to the public. SPARK Boston Council members wearing SPARK Boston t-shirts will be on site to facilitate the pop-up events and lead participants to the polls. Voters are encouraged to wear an ""I Voted"" sticker and/or participate in a pop-up at the polls onOctober 29thusing the hashtag #SPARKBosVotes for a chance to meet Mayor Walsh.A full schedule of activities and locations can be found below:Learn MoreVisitSPARK Boston's websiteto learn more about VOTE WITH US and #SPARKBosVotes. For more information on early voting in the City of Boston, please visit theVote Early Boston website.About Spark BostonBoston is home to a large and diverse millennial population. SPARK Boston (formerly ONEin3) is a City of Boston initiative that aims to empower the millennial generation to play a greater role in planning for the future of our city.SPARK Boston focuses on engaging the next generation of civic leaders and social entrepreneurs in the work of city government. This will shape how the City designs and develops policies, convenes stakeholders for important initiatives and works collaboratively with young people to shape Boston's future. Learn more online."
BOSTON  Thursday, October 20, 2016 - The Boston Transportation Department (BTD)and the Mayors Office of Neighborhood Services (ONS) today announced that a 90-day trial program will be implemented on Allston Street in Charlestown effective Tuesday, November 1. The initiative is in response to concerns with traffic volumes and speeding vehicles raised by residents of Allston Street, and some residents of nearby streets as well.Currently, Allston Street traffic flows in the direction from Medford Street to Bunker Hill Street. As of November 1, for 90 days, traffic will flow in the direction from Bunker Hill Street to Medford Street.BTD has taken a number of steps over the past several months to alleviate the traffic related concerns of Allston Street residents, said BTD Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. We are pleased to have had this opportunity to collaborate with the community on this upcoming action, and we look forward to implementing the trial program and watching for results.Prior action taken by BTD to improve conditions on Allston Street include:A public meeting was held on Tuesday, September 13, where local residents discussed the issues with Charlestown ONS Coordinator Chris Breen and BTD Manager of Constituent Relations and Social Media Carla Tankle. The 90-Day Trial Program is a result of that forum.Drivers are advised that BTD Operations Division staff will be changing a number of traffic and parking regulation signs on Allston Street, Bunker Hill Street and Medford Street to coincide with the upcoming change.Community members are asked to direct questions or comments to Chris.Breen@boston.gov and Carla.Tankle@boston.gov.
"BOSTON -Thursday, October 20, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today signed an executive orderon autonomous vehicles, ""Autonomous Vehicles in the City of Boston,"" establishing that the Boston Transportation Commissioner, Gina N. Fiandaca, will lead oversight of autonomous vehicles in the City of Boston, and the Boston Transportation Department (BTD), with support from the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM), will develop guidelines for the testing of autonomous vehicles in the City of Boston.In addition, BTD, with support from MONUM, will publish policy recommendations with respect to autonomous vehicle technology, business models and street regulation and design. Those policy recommendations will be designed to advance Boston's equity and sustainability goals, putting a strong preference on models which are operated as shared and electric fleets that complement mass transit, walking and bicycling.""Autonomous vehicles have the incredible promise to deliver safer streets and a more reliable, equitable and sustainable transportation system, but that will only occur with the right technology and right policies in place,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""For that reason, Boston is ready to lead the charge on self-driving vehicles, supporting the development of the technology and policies that ensure this innovation will benefit all of our residents."""
Imagine Boston 2030 is the City of Bostons first major city wide planning effort in 50 years. The initiative launched in September 2015 with thousands of Bostonians contributing their insights on how to shape the citys future. In spring 2016, the Imagine Boston 2030 team releasedGuiding Growth, establishing Bostonians goals for inclusive growth. This fall, Imagine Boston will launch a strategic vision plan that outlines some of initiatives that the City will undertake. Specifically, the document will identify potential strategies for addressing the issues that matter most to Bostonians, from economic mobility and education to affordable housing, open space, transportation, and climate change.As the issues Bostonians are facing become clearer, the need to understand Bostons history and trends has also become apparent. Imagine Boston 2030 is excited to announce a partnership with the BPDA to curate a series of informational presentations about major trends in the city.Boston by the Numberswill give residents more context around the factors that have shaped Bostons past and those shaping Bostons future and, by doing so, the series will explore how trends can guide conversations for the citywide planning process.From the beginning, Imagine Boston has maintained that this planning process must be led by Bostons residents, community organizations, and stakeholders. During the past year, Imagine Boston has engaged new and established residents from all neighborhoods, ages, and demographics in over 12,000 interactions. Through online and text commentaries, community meetings, postcards, workshops, fairs, and street outreach, these conversations have driven the development of our vision and actions for the future.Please join us as we learn about Bostons people, businesses and visitors, as informed by data, to think about how such information might influence our planning process going forward. After a brief presentation, each session will end with a Q&A period led by staff from the BPDA and Imagine Boston 2030.The first talk will be on Understanding Bostons Population, from the Past to the Future on Wednesday, October 26, 6:30 - 8 p.m. at the Shelburne Community Center, located at 2730 Washington Street, Roxbury 02119.RSVP now!The Boston Planning and Development Agency plans and guides inclusive growth in our citycreating opportunities for everyone to live, work and connect. The BPDA collaborates with the overall Imagine Boston 2030 planning process to ensure equitable and responsible growth.
"BOSTON - The City of Boston released today the third year of energy metrics for large and medium sized buildings, adding nonresidential buildings greater than 35,000 square feet. The new and updated metrics on energy and water usage is accessible through an interactive map.""The more open we are about our energy use, the more opportunities we have to become energy efficient and save money,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""Transparency and tracking is key to creating an energy-efficient city.""This is the second year of detailed public disclosure. More than 1,600 large properties, encompassing more than 38 percent of the built space in Boston, are now sharing their energy and water use. Last year all buildings greater than 50,000 square feet were required to report.""We're eager to help even more people connect with energy efficiency incentives and financing programs,"" said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space. ""Buildings account for more than half of our greenhouse gas emissions in Boston so regularly reporting their energy use is crucial to achieving our climate goals.""The building energy metrics and a map of 2015 data from municipal, commercial, and institutional buildings are available online.Key findings from that data include:Boston enacted the Building Energy Reporting and Disclosure Ordinance (BERDO) in 2013 and shortly thereafter began sharing data on the City's municipal buildings. BERDO requires large buildings to annually report their energy and water use to the City along with non-residential buildings over 50,000 square feet since the beginning of 2014. Residential buildings of this size began reporting in 2015.By 2017, more than 40 percent of Boston's built floor space will be tracking and reporting its energy use and GHG emissions, but to achieve this, less than 4 percent of Boston's buildings will report. Boston is one of 20 cities nationally with similar policies for transparency on building energy performance."
"BOSTON -Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that Boston Emergency Medical Service (EMS) academy class 2016-2 has begun their training as EMT-Recruits as part of the Mayor's FY17 investment to reduce EMS response times. This class will increase Boston EMS' count of uniformed employees by 24 personnel, allowing for deployment of two additional ambulances when they graduate in March of 2017.Through his dedication to improving city services for the people of Boston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh closely monitors key EMS metrics through tools such as CityScore. Based on CityScore data, EMS identified the trends associated with growing response times: since 2008, the number of clinical incidents and ambulance transports rose by 16% and 14%, respectively. Based on this analysis, Mayor Walsh approved the expansion in Boston EMS' uniformed employees, the first increasein seven years. This investment will help meet the heightened demand for emergency medical services and reduce the median response times for the city's highest priority calls.""Investing in our emergency medical services means investing in the health and well-being of all Boston residents,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""As one of the leading EMS systems in the country, Boston EMS serves our residents with compassionate and excellent pre-hospital care, protecting the safety of individuals and the health of the community. I'm pleased to welcome this new class of recruits and thank them for their service to our city.""The 6-month academy begins with a 3-month classroom didactic program and concludes with a field internship working in ambulances. This also marks the first time Boston EMS has ever run two concurrent recruit classes, the first, Academy 2016-1, began their employment in June of this year and vacated the classroom just five weeks ago.As a bureau of the Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC), Boston EMS is committed to serving Boston's residents through clinical excellence, emergency planning and preparedness, and community outreach.""I am grateful to Mayor Walsh, whose enthusiastic support of Boston EMS has ensured continual excellence in pre-hospital care, and I am also grateful to our new class of recruits, who will play a vital role in serving Boston's vulnerable populations,"" said BPHC Executive Director Monica Valdes Lupi.This class of recruits includes seven female recruits and 17 male recruits,all of whom are state-certified EMTs. The hiring process began in early July, with review sessions, a written exam, a practical exam, and an oral interview. Throughout the training program the recruits will be continually tested and evaluated. Only those who successfully complete the program will take part in the graduation ceremony and be promoted to department EMT.Boston EMS is the only ambulance service in the country that offers such an extensive new-hire training program. The department views the academy process as an essential investment in personnel to ensure they are best prepared to work in a busy urban environment and meet the array of pre-hospital needs of patients across the City. In addition to expanding their clinical skills, Boston EMS training personnel and representatives from partner agencies prepare the recruits for scenarios beyond the routine, including mass casualties, hazardous materials exposures, and active shooter incidents.""I'm happy to welcome this newest class of recruits. As a member of the interview panel, I was particularly impressed with their qualifications and commitment to the profession,"" said EMS Chief James Hooley."
Check out the highlights in our newalbum on Facebook. One participant, Molly from Roslindale, said I was pretty impressed by the exercise. It raised my awareness of the need for more housing in Boston, and the concomitant need for transportation and amenitiesalongside a need to plan seriously for sea level rise. Where should new housing be located? How high are we comfortable seeing buildings go? The big concepts and trade offs are well-structured into the activity. All with Lego blocks and conversation. Pretty cool.This wouldnt be possible without our amazing Engagement Team! Meet the team members below:
"2016 marks the 400thanniversary of William Shakespeares death, and Boston Public Library honors the Bards lasting legacy with itsShakespeare Unauthorizedexhibition, opening today in the McKim Exhibition Hall at the Central Library in Copley Square. The exhibition is presented in conjunction with the BPL citywide initiativeAll the Citys a Stage: A Season of Shakespeare at the Boston Public Library, connecting audiences to theater and the dramatic arts with programs throughout the library system. Boston Public Library holds one of the largest and most comprehensive publicly-held collections of Shakespeare, including the first four folios of his collected works, 45 early quarto editions of individual plays, and thousands of volumes of early source material, commentaries, translations, manuscripts, and more. Visitwww.bpl.org/shakespeareto view the complete offerings of the initiative.At some point in life, everyone has experienced the work of Shakespeare,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""These opportunities at the Boston Public Library give all the chance to learn more about the creative genius of Shakespeare and how his legacy lives on today.""Shakespeare Unauthorizedis sure to engage and inspire people of all ages, and we hope visitors leave with a better understanding of not only Shakespeares works, but an appreciation for the world-class Shakespeare holdings of one of Bostons finest cultural institutions, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts & Culture for the City of Boston. We applaud the Boston Public Library for ensuring these works are accessible to everyone.Shakespeare Unauthorized: Experience the original works of The BardShakespeare Unauthorized, a major gallery exhibition on view from October 14, 2016 through March 31, 2017, includes extraordinarily rare first and early editions of familiar and beloved plays likeA Midsummer Nights Dream,Hamlet, andThe Merchant of Venice, as well as all four Shakespearean folios, most notably the BPLs own copy of the world-famousFirst Folio. Through the pages of these precious books, visitors can experience Shakespeare in his original language and spelling, just as he would have been read by book lovers and theater-goers hundreds of years ago.Shakespeare Unauthorizedis made possible through the financial support ofIron Mountain Incorporated(NYSE: IRM), the global leader in storage and information management services. Based in Boston, Iron Mountain provides charitable grants of funding and in-kind services to cultural and historical preservation projects likeShakespeare Unauthorizedthrough itsLiving Legacy Initiative.Were proud to help bring this exhibition to life in our home city of Boston, said Ty Ondatje, senior vice president, Corporate Responsibility and Chief Diversity Officer at Iron Mountain. Our philanthropic mission is to preserve and create access to our worlds cultural and historical treasures, those ideas and artifacts that make up the human experience, so that they can be shared and enjoyed by everyone. The works and legacy of Shakespeare are the very definition of iconic and timeless treasures, and were honored to help present the Librarys impressive collection to the world.Shakespeare Unauthorizedcontains far more than just books of plays: this exhibition features surprising rarities and mysterious objects scandalous forgeries made by con men and accomplished scholars books from the luxurious private libraries of early English aristocrats and memorabilia from four centuries of acting and stagecraft.We are indebted to Iron Mountain for their leadership grant to the Boston Public Library Foundation, and for partnering with the BPL to display our extensive collection of Shakespeare materials, said Boston Public Library President David Leonard. This exhibition of rare and valuable items promises to provide an inspiring adventure for all who visit.We are also very grateful for the critical funding provided by The Boston Foundation, and the Associates of the Boston Public Library, for curatorial and conservation work that supported this project.C&G Partnerscreated the engaging exhibition design that showcases the extraordinary historic material on display inShakespeare Unauthorized.Many know the name Shakespeare, but might not know how to experience something like a rare book, however precious it may be, said Jonathan Alger, Co-founder of C&G Partners. So it was very important to us to help that process along for modern visitors. We designed a space that is itself theatrical, intriguing and deliberately ambiguous, veiling whats to come as any good playwright would.Shakespeares Here and EverywhereThe Norman B. Leventhal Map Center at the Boston Public Library, an independent, non-profit institution, features a complementary exhibition,Shakespeares Here and Everywhere,which opened on September 3 and runs through February 2017, with associated programming offered. William Shakespeares comedies, tragedies, and histories take place in a number of fascinating and often picturesque locations throughout Europe, Asia and Africa, in eras from classical times to the Renaissance. In this exhibition of forty maps, images and three-dimensional objects, visitors view these locales by seeing items from Shakespeares lifetime, learning about the world in the time of Shakespeare, and understanding the symbolic role that geography held to the dramas.Kronborg Castle in Denmark, known as Elsinore inHamlet, is highlighted in the exhibition.A 1629 Dutch map depicting the Danish Kingdom, along with a vignette illustrating Elsenor, is on display. Complementing this map is an original print of Cronenburg from Samuel von Pufendorfs 1696 historical atlas.Geographically-significant quotes from the dramas set the stage for the visitors, such as Marcellus line fromHamlet,Something is rotten in the state of Denmark (Act 1, scene 4). Visitors also see Heinrich Bntings famous Clover leaf map from 1581 and Abraham Ortelius 1570 edition ofTheatrum Orbis Terrarum.This is an opportunity for visitors to appreciate Shakespeare in a whole new way, through viewing the cartographic treasures from the collections of the Boston Public Library and our founder Norman B. Leventhal, said Connie Chin, President of the Norman B. Leventhal Map Center.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.Iron Mountain Incorporated (NYSE: IRM) is the global leader for storage and information management services. Trusted by more than 220,000 organizations around the world, Iron Mountains real estate network comprises more than 85 million square feet across more than 1,400 facilities in 45 countries dedicated to protecting and preserving what matters most for its customers. Iron Mountains solutions portfolio includesrecords management,data management,document management,data centers,art storage and logistics, andsecure shredding, helping organizations to lower storage costs, comply with regulations, recover from disaster, and better use their information. Founded in 1951, Iron Mountain stores and protects billions of information assets, including critical business documents, electronic information, medical data and cultural and historical artifacts. Visit ironmountain.comfor more information.The Norman B. Leventhal Map Center is ranked among the top map centers in the United States for the size of its collection, the significance of its historic (pre-1900) material, and its advanced digitization program. It is unique among the major collections because it also combines these features with exceptional educational and teacher training programs to advance geographic literacy among students in grades K-12 and enhance the teaching of subjects from history to mathematics to language arts. The collection is also the second largest in the country located in a public library, ensuring unlimited access to these invaluable resources for scholars, educators, and the general public. The Leventhal Map Center, created in 2004, is a nonprofit organization established as a public-private partnership between the Boston Public Library and philanthropist Norman Leventhal. Its mission is to use the Boston Public Librarys permanent collection of 200,000 maps and 5,000 atlases and a select group of rare maps collected by Mr. Leventhal for the enjoyment and education of all through exhibitions, educational programs, and a website that includes thousands of digitized maps at maps.bpl.org. The map collection is global in scope, dating from the 15th century to the present, with particular strengths in maps and atlases of the American Revolution, New England, Boston, Massachusetts, world urban centers, and nautical charts.Boston Public Library image: William ShakespearesFirst Folio, 1623. Boston Public Library, Rare Books Department.Map Center image: Heinrich Bnting (1545-1606).Die Gantze Welt in ein Kleberblat. Magdeburg, 1581. Courtesy Mapping Boston Foundation."
"BOSTON- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced operational changes at the City's community centers that will increase operating hours and provide more opportunities for Boston's families. These changes take effectOctober 15.""These operating shifts will allow our community centers to be open and fully staffed, offering programs when our families need them the most,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our community centers are important resources for residents, and all across the neighborhoods I have heard from people who would benefit from having more access to their neighborhood centers.""Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) operates 36 facilities, including 20 free standing community centers and pool buildings and 16 based in school buildings. Over 2,500 people visit BCYF community centers daily. Shifting employee hours and redeploying some staff will allow BCYF to keep all free-standing centers openMondaythroughFriday, from6:30 a.m. to 9 p.m.On Saturdays, the centers will be open9 a.m. to 5 p.m.Five centers will be open seven days a week. BCYF centers in school buildings will operate from2 p.m. to 9 p.m.,MondaythroughFriday. Select school sites will be open on Saturdays. Morning programs for children and seniors in school-based buildings will still be offered as will school vacation week and summer programs.""Taking a critical look at our staffing levels and hours of operation yielded these changes which will add value for our participants, add value to the neighborhoods and add value to our staff whose time will be better utilized,"" said William Morales, Commissioner of BCYF.An evaluation of BCYF programming found that the department could more effectively meet youth, families' and seniors' need for longer evening and weekend community center hours by redeploying existing resources. With an increase of staff during peak operating hours, BCYF can provide higher quality programming for Boston's youth and their families. Extending evening and weekend hours also provides a safe space for young people to gather and receive quality programming and provides working parents with peace of mind knowing their children are in a safe and healthy environment while they are working. BCYF streamlined the hours of operation at two school-based centers as a pilot last year. A review of school-based centers found that they are open early morning to late evening, stretching staff thin over 12 hours even though key programming hours in school-based buildings are later in the day from1-9 p.m.Changing the hours at two centers during the pilot process allowed a supervisor to be on site at all times. Also announced as part of the FY17 City Budget were plans to transition the BCYF Grove Hall Community Center in Dorchester to a senior center and return the Mattahunt Community Center to BCYF. While BCYF offers senior programming across various sites throughout the City, they operate only one dedicated senior center, the Golden Age Center in Charlestown. The BCYF Grove Hall Community Center has already transitioned to a thriving senior center in a community that has both requested this and has a need for a dedicated senior space. The Mattahunt Community Center has been operated by Wheelock College for several years now but returned to BCYF onJuly 1. Below is the full schedule of new operating hours for all centers:BCYF CenterHoursBCYF Blackstone Community CenterMonday-Friday2:00-9:00pmSaturday9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Charlestown Community CenterMonday-Friday2:00-9:00pmSaturday9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Cleveland Community CenterMonday-Friday2:00-9:00pmBCYF Clougherty PoolSummer:Monday-Sunday8:00am-7:00pmBCYF Condon Community CenterMonday-Friday2:00-9:00pmBCYF Curley Community CenterMonday-Saturday6:30am-9:00pmSunday9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Curtis Hall Community CenterMonday-Saturday6:30am-9:00pmSunday9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Draper PoolMonday-Friday6:00am-9:00pmBCYF Flaherty PoolMonday-Friday5:30am-9:00pmSaturday7:00am-3:00pmBCYF Gallivan Community CenterMonday-Friday6:30am-9:00pmSaturday9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Golden Age Senior CenterMonday-Friday9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Grove Hall Senior CenterMonday-Friday10:00am-6:00pmBCYF Hennigan Community CenterMonday-Friday2:00-9:00pmBCYF Holland Community CenterMonday-Friday2:00-9:00pmSaturday9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Hyde Park Community CenterMonday-Saturday6:30am-9:00pmSunday9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Jackson/Mann Community CenterMonday-Friday2:00-9:00pmSaturday9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Leahy/Holloran Community CenterMonday-Friday2:00-9:00pmSaturday9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Madison Park Community CenterTuesday-Friday2:00-9:00pmSaturday9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Mason PoolTuesday,Friday11:00am-7:00pmWednesday,Thursday10:00am-6:00pmSaturday9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Mattahunt Community CenterMonday-Friday2:00-9:00pmBCYF Menino Community CenterMonday-Friday 6:30am-9:00pm Saturday 9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Mildred Community CenterMonday-Friday 2:00-9:00pm Saturday 9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Mirabella PoolSummer: Monday-Sunday 8:00am-7:00pmBCYF Nazzaro Community CenterMonday-Friday 6:30am-9:00pm Saturday 9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Ohrenberger Community CenterMonday-Friday 2:00-9:00pm Saturday 9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Paris Street Community CenterMonday-Friday 2:00-9:00pmBCYF Paris Street PoolMonday-Friday 6:30am-8:30pmBCYF Perkins Community CenterMonday-Friday 2:00-9:00pm Saturday 9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Pino Community CenterMonday-Friday 6:30am-9:00pm Saturday 9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Quincy Community CenterMonday-Friday 2:00-9:00pm Saturday 9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Roche Community CenterMonday-Friday 6:30am-9:00pm Saturday 9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Roslindale Community CenterMonday-Friday 6:30am-9:00pm Saturday 9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Shelburne Community CenterMonday-Saturday 6:30am-9:00pm Sunday 9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Tobin Community CenterMonday-Friday 6:30am-9:00pm Saturday 9:00am-5:00pmBCYF Tynan Community CenterMonday-Friday 2:00-9:00pmBCYF Vine Street Community CenterMonday-Friday 6:30am-9:00pm Saturday 9:00am-5:00pm"
"DOWNTOWN - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today unveiled Boston City Hall's architectural exterior lighting installation, a permanent fixture to highlight and enhance the building's original design while livening up City Hall plaza and increasing public safety. The unveiling was made during this year's final Beer Garden on the Bricks event, themed ""Light Bright Beer Garden.""""I am proud that for the first time in its 48 year history, Boston City Hall is going to shine,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This state of the art lighting system will help make City Hall the civic heart of our city by livening up the plaza, while make the area safer andconnecting us to Faneuil Hall and Quincy Market.Bringing new light to City Hall is symbolic of a more responsive vision here at City Hall, one that is meant to be engaging, inspiring, and serve as a beacon of the city and our values.""New high-efficiency LED fixtures have replaced the original exterior recessed lighting fixtures to illuminate the lower levels and highlight the entrances. The new fixtures wash the building in a warm white light, and also have the capability of projecting a wide-range of color options which will allow the City to light the building to acknowledge a variety of civic and celebratory events.As part of tonight's unveiling, Mayor Walsh lit City Hall blue to serve as a reflection of the police officers injured in East Boston andpink in honor of Breast Cancer Awareness Month. Across the city, these lights were joined in being lit pink by those on the Zakim Bridge the TD Garden the Prudential Center the Rose Kennedy Greenway Atlantic Wharf and Rowes Wharf the Dorchester gas tank UMass Boston, the Bolling Building in Dudley Square the Fallon Building on the South Boston waterfront and Government Center T Station."
The 34th Annual Boston Firefighters Local 718 Memorial Road Race, the Boston Book Festival, the Welles Remy Crowther Red Bandanna 5K, and other scheduled activities will impact traffic and parking on local streets in Boston on Saturday, October 15, and Sunday, October 16, 2016. To travel to these events, information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.thehubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round trip rather than a one-way ticket.Saturday, October 15Dartmouth Street, Back Bay, from Boylston Street to St. James Avenue, closed to traffic between 6 AM and 8 PM for the Boston Book Festival. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday and Saturday 8 AM to 6 PM parking restrictions will be in place as follows.Marlborough Street, Back Bay, from Berkeley Street to Clarendon Street, closed to traffic between 7:30 AM and 2 PM for the John Winthrop Annual Street Fair.Streets along the route of the Welles Remy Crowther Red Bandanna 5K will close to traffic from 8:45 AM to 11 AM. The route is Commonwealth Avenue at Boston College, right onto Chestnut Hill Avenue, onto Beacon Street, right onto College Road, right onto Commonwealth Avenue, right to the main gate of Boston College.Traffic delays should be expected along the route of the Starlight Ministries walk that will begin at 9:15 AM at Blackstone Park, intersection of Washington Street and West Brookline Street, South End. The route is Shawmut Avenue, left onto West Dedham Street, continuing onto Dartmouth Street, left onto Commonwealth Avenue, right onto Fairfield Street, crossing over to the Charles River Esplanade, left along the Esplanade, crossing over to Beacon Street at the Arthur Fiedler Footbridge, left onto Beacon Street, entering the Public Garden at the George Washington Statue, right onto Charles Street, continuing onto Tremont Street, left onto Waltham Street, right onto Washington Street, right onto West Brookline Street, returning to Blackstone Park.Streets along the route of the Mission Hill Road Race will close to traffic from 8:45 AM to 11 AM. The route is St. Alphonsus Street at Puddingstone Park, left onto Hillside Street, left onto Pontiac Street, right onto Cherokee Street, left onto Hillside Street, right onto Parker Street, right onto Wensley Street, left onto Buckman Street, right onto Lawn Street, right onto Hayden Street, left onto Fisher Avenue, right onto Parker Avenue, left onto Calumet Street, straight onto Iroquois Street, left onto Sachem Street, right onto Parker Hill Avenue, right onto Parker Hill Street, right onto Hillside Street, left onto Darling Street, right onto Pequot Street, right onto Oswald Street, left onto Hillside Street, right onto St. Alphonsus Street, into Puddingstone Park. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday 7 AM to 1 PM parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Belmont Street, Charlestown, from Bunker Hill Street to Medford Street, closed to traffic between 2 PM and 7 PM for a neighborhood event.Brier Road and De Roma Street, West Roxbury, from the end of Brier Road/LaGrange Street, to the end of DeRoma Road, closed to traffic between 2PM and 8 PM for a neighborhood event.Sunday, October 16Streets along the route of the 34th Annual Boston Firefighters Local 718 Memorial 10K Road Race will be closed to traffic from 8:45 AM to 11 AM. The race will begin at 9 AM on Hallet Street, Dorchester, in front of Florian Hall. Runners will proceed right onto Gallivan Boulevard, straight onto Hancock Street, north onto Morrissey Boulevard toward Norwood Street, U-turn at Bianculli Boulevard at University of Massachusetts, south on Morrissey Boulevard, left onto Tenean Street, continue onto Conley Street, east onto Neponset Trail, to Hallet Street, finishing at Florian Hall.The St. James Marion Procession/Boston Chinese Catholic Community will begin at 11:30 AM at 125 Harrison Avenue in Chinatown and brief traffic delays should be expected. The route is Harrison Avenue, left onto Kneeland Street, left onto Surface Road, left onto Beach Street, left onto Harrison Avenue.The Oaktoberfest 5K will start at 10 AM in front of the YMCA at #615 Washington Street, Oak Square, Brighton. Streets along the route will be closed to traffic as runners progress toward the finish line. Runners will turn left onto Foster Street, right onto Commonwealth Avenue, right onto Lake Street, around Gallagher Park to Kenrick Street, right onto Kenrick Street, left onto Lake Street, left onto Washington Street.SIDS Run for Tighe will start at 9:30 AM for walkers and 10 AM for runners at #873 South Street, Jamaica Plain. Streets along the route will be closed to traffic temporarily as participants make their way toward the finish line. The route is South Street to Bussey Street, to the Arboretum, to Hemlock Road, around Conifer Path, to Hemlock Road, exiting the Arboretum, left onto Bussey Street, entering the Arboretum, left onto Peters Hill Road, to the Mendum Street Gate, exit the Arboretum, right onto Mendum Street, left onto Walter Street, left onto South Walter Street to South Fairview Street, to Fallon Field in Roslindale.Lochstead Avenue, Jamaica Plain, from Center Street to the Jamaicaway, closed to traffic between 3 PM and 7 PM for a neighborhood event.Soley Street, Charlestown, from Warren Street to Monument Square, closed to traffic between 10:30 AM and 1:30 PM for a neighborhood event.Most Holy Redeemer Parish, Hermandad del Senor de Los Milagros de East Boston (Brotherhood of the Lord of Miracles of East Boston) procession will begin at 1:30 PM at Most Holy Reedemer Church, #72 Maverick Street, East Boston. Brief traffic delays should be expected. Marchers will turn left onto London Street, right onto Decatur Street, right onto Meridian Street, right onto Maverick Street, and return to the church. Brief traffic delays should be expected along the route.Our Lady of Brazil Procession will begin at #59 Ashley Street, East Boston, at 9 AM. Brief traffic delays should be expected. The route is Ashley Street, left onto Breed Street, right onto Gladstone Street.
"BOSTON- Mayor Walsh, Boston City Councilors and El Planeta newspapers today announced the First Annual Latino Restaurant Week in Boston. The Week celebrates the numerous Latino-owned and inspired restaurants in the City, and runs fromOctober 6 - 16.Originating in New York in the mid-nineties, the Week became popular with both restaurant-goers and owners who enjoyed discounted prices on certain dishes and an increased number of patrons. During Boston's Latino Restaurant Week, patrons will be able to order specialty appetizers, entrees and desserts at a discounted price.""Latino Restaurant Week celebrates the cultural significance of our vibrant Latin American community and encourages residents and visitors to dine at local restaurants,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""It's an excellent way to recognizeBoston's Latino community while supporting local businesses.""""We are thrilled to have the support of Mayor Walsh and Boston City Council for the first ever Boston Hispanic Restaurant Week. El Planeta Media started working in this concept in 2014 and this year we could make it possible thanks to the support of the City Of Boston. We are confident that the Week will become the most 'delicioso' time of the year in our city, giving food lovers across different neighborhoods the opportunity to enjoy special menu items created for this celebratory week at some of the best restaurants in Boston,"" said Rafael Ulloa, editor of El Planeta Media.Restaurant owners that are interested in participating in Latino Restaurant Week can do so by visiting hereor reaching out to Alexandra Valdez in the Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services at617-635-2185.A full list of restaurants participating in the week can we reached here.El Planeta Newspaper is the the leading publication in Spanish in the Greater Boston and Greater Lawrence Area since 2004. With the mission to publish news that informs, educates, and unites communities, El Planeta reaches approximately 105,000 readers a week."
DOWNTOWN- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the winners of the second annual Fay Chandler Emerging Artist Awards. The awards were announced at an October 6 artist reception at the Fay Chandler EMERGING Art Exhibition in the Scollay Square Gallery at City Hall. The winners are:Fay Chandler was a Boston philanthropist and advocatefor the arts. As an artist who started her career later in life, she serves as the inspiration for this exhibition and to artistsof all ages. The award is funded by a generous donation from the Galilean Fund in Fay Chandler's memory.All of the artists selected today represent the values of Fay Chandler, creating work that inspires all of us. The Fay Chandler EMERGING Art awards allows us to recognize and support the incredible works being created in Boston. I encourage everyone to visit the City Hall galleries and view the exhibition.Mayor WalshThe show comprises 45 works by artists who were selected by a distinguished jury from an open call that drew 239 applicants. The jurors were Edmund Barry Gaither, Executive Director of the National Center of Afro-American Artists, Abigail Ogilvy, Owner/Director of Abigail Ogilvy Gallery and Karen Haas,Curator of the Lane Collectionat the Museum of Fine Arts.Each winner will also be granted a one year complimentary membership in the Fort Point Artists Community and will be granted an Artist Certification by the City of Boston.Organized by theMayor'sOffice of Arts and Culture,the Fay Chandler Emerging Artist Exhibition features fresh, original and contemporary works of art created by Boston artists. The art will be displayed at Boston City Hall in the Scollay Square Gallery during the month of October. 
"BOSTON - Thursday, October 6, 2016 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the opening of the new home of the Society of Arts and Crafts, the nation's oldest craft nonprofit. The winner of an open competition conducted by the Boston Planning and Development Agency (BPDA), the Society of Arts and Crafts advocates for and showcases the work of contemporary craft artists.""The opening of the Society of Arts and Crafts gallery brings another cultural institution to the South Boston Waterfront, further establishing the area as a cultural destination,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We look forward to seeing the incredible exhibition and programming that this institution will offer.""The Society of Arts and Crafts was selected for the Pier 4 civic/cultural space after a competitive request for information (RFI) process last summer. Mayor Walsh and the BPDA conducted this public process to solicit citywide interest and ideas to encourage Boston's waterfront to be active and inclusive. With today's opening, theSocietyof Arts and Crafts joins other major cultural and civic waterfront destinations, including the Institute of Contemporary Art, Boston Children's Museum, Boston Tea Party Museum, Community Boat Building, Artists for Humanity, Midway Studios, and the Fort Point Arts Community.""We are incredibly excited to bring the Society of Arts and Crafts to the Seaport,"" said Fabio J. Fernndez, Executive Director of the Society of Arts and Crafts. ""The larger space provides us with opportunities to advance public appreciation of fine craft by offering additional programming and exhibitions. We look forward to welcoming residents of South Boston, across the city and beyond to the new home of the Society of Arts and Crafts.""In its new location, theSocietyof Arts and Crafts will expand its reach and become a center for the craft and design community, connecting students, artists, collectors, and the public. Planned retail and exhibition galleries will show larger and more experimental work and the outdoor civic plaza will allow for collaborative and educational programming, and exhibitions can expand into this space to include public sculpture.The 20,000 square feet of civic and cultural space at Pier 4 is part of a larger plan to activate 127,000 square feet of dedicated interior public civic and cultural space along the waterfront, as envisioned by the municipal harbor planning process that the BPDA has led with the community. An additional RFI for a 13,000 square foot space at Fan Pier is expected to be released this fall.The opening is also a step forward in the implementation of the Boston Creates Cultural plan.""Keeping artists in Boston and creating ways to allow them to showcase their work and thrive is one of the key goals of the cultural plan. We are also striving to ensure that cultural organizations have sustainable, affordable spaces where they can provide access to the arts to all the residents of and visitors to Boston,""said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston.The Boston Creates Cultural Planwas created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long term. The full cultural plan can be found online."
Boston was recently rankedBest City for Book Loversin the nation, and this comes as no surprise to anyone immersed in the rich tradition of reading and writing found across all the neighborhoods of Boston. We like being steeped in and challenged by our history, we are as proud of our academic and cultural institutions as we are of our sports teams, and we simply love to debate ideas and their merits.One of Mayor Walshs signature initiatives isImagine Boston 2030, and what better way to promote dialogue on Bostons future than by assigning some homework? Thus, theImagine Boston 2030 reading listwas born  a list that is inspiring for youth and adults alike and to which we can continue to add as a city.The booklist highlights some of the major themes that make Boston the City it is by including the perspectives of such local notables as Mel King, Dennis Lehane, and Michael Patrick McDonald. The list also includes books that reach beyond the stories of personal and community challenges and successes to address themes of urban planning and development, the inequality and inequity that these efforts can expose, and the opportunities cities face as they have these conversations. Whether fictionalized storytelling or lived history, the books on this list help us engage with the question of what Boston could be in the 21st century.As the Boston Public Library plans enhancements to our spaces across many of the twenty-four branches and continues to invest in the recently reopened Central Library in Copley Square, we too turn to the booklist to guide us in thinking about how our library branches can address the needs of each of Bostons unique communities, ensuring equity in access to resources. We are guided by the fundamental library principles inscribed on the faade of the Central Library in Copley Square:Free to Alland dedicated to theAdvancement of Learning.Its these influences that inform our belief that all our spaces should be warm, welcoming, open, innovative, and safe, at the heart of every Boston community, with reading and literacy at the core, and offering a range of engaging programs that serve interests in history, culture, art, learning, and skill development.If we tell each other our stories  where we have come from, what we struggle with, our hopes and aspirations, and how we hold each other accountablethen we will be stronger as a city. If we can do this now and imagine Boston in the future, we will see our City thrive in 2030 and beyond. The Boston I choose to believe in is the Boston that came together three years ago under the phrase Boston Strong. We accomplish more when we do it together and when we see our differences as enriching rather than dividing. Let the dialogue begin#ImagineBoston#IB2030bookworm@ImagineBos@BPLBoston@dleonard
"Edward Ingersoll Browne left an invaluable legacy to the City of Boston, creating a fund that ensures our public spaces remain places of inspiration, said Mayor Walsh. ""The grants announced today will help to enhance local neighborhoods, schools and communities, ensuring art remains accessible to all."" The approved proposals are as follows:In 1892, Edward Ingersoll Browne, a successful Boston attorney with a strong sense of civic pride and public spirit, wrote his will directing that one-third of his estate be set aside in a special fund for the improvement of Boston's public spaces. Grants from Mr. Browne's bequest are utilized for the design, fabrication and installation of permanent works of public art in Boston."
Whats the best way to treat roads that are in poor condition? Dont let them get that bad in the first place! Thats the idea behind the pavement preservation movement, an industry-wide change that aims to use less-intensive (and cheaper) treatments on roads that are still in fair condition to keep them from getting worse. Boston is signing on with our first trial of Bonded Wearing Course in the Brighton neighborhood in October.Bonded Wearing Course is the application of a thick and very sticky coat of liquid asphalt (tack coat) covered by a thin application of a stony asphalt pavement. The tack coat tightly bonds the new layer of pavement to the old pavement, creating something like a new skin. The whole application is less than a half an inch thick and in other states has lasted more than 12 years.As is typical with all pavement treatments, not every street is a good candidate for a Bonded Wearing Course. The street can be cracked, but not too cracked. It has to be fairly flat, with ruts less than a half an inch deep. Manhole covers and other cast iron structures are tough to work around and tight corners can also be difficult.Look for Bonded Wearing Course going down on the following streets in the first few weeks of October: Cambridge Street, Lincoln Street, Corey Road, Windom Street, Myrick Street, South Waverly Street, Allston Street, Summit Avenue, Egremont Street, Mapleton Street, and Coolidge Road.
The Massachusetts March for Life, the Boston Athletic Association Half Marathon, the Columbus Day Parade and other scheduled activities will impact traffic and parking on local streets in Boston from Wednesday, October 5, through Monday, October 10, 2016. To travel to these events, information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.thehubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round trip rather than a one-way ticket.Wednesday, October 5, through Friday, October 7Epping Street, Dorchester, from Washington Street to Norfolk Street, closed to traffic between 8 AM and 5 PM, for the Men of Boston Cook for Womens Health event. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Wednesday  Friday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Thursday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Saturday, October 8Hackensack Road, West Roxbury, from Leland Road to Crehore Road, closed to traffic from 12 PM to 8 PM for a neighborhood eventThe Double Ten Parade will start at the Chinatown Gate, proceed on Beach Street, turn right onto Washington Street, cross Court Street and enter City Hall Plaza. Traffic will be delayed for brief periods of time as the parade follows the designated route. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Sunday, October 9The Massachusetts March for Life will step off from the Boston Common at the intersection of Charles and Beacon Streets at 2:30 PM and is expected to be completed by 4:30 PM. Beacon Street, between Charles and Arlington Streets, Arlington Street, between Beacon and Boylston Streets, and Boylston Street, between Arlington and Charles Streets, will be closed to traffic from 2 PM to 5 PM.The Boston Athletic Association Half-Marathon route will close to traffic at 7:30 AM and remain closed until approximately 10:30 AM. The use of alternate routes to avoid traveling in the Forest Hills area on Sunday morning is strongly advised. The route is: Pierpont Road in Franklin Park, right on Jewish War Vets Drive, to Circuit Drive, to Forest Hills Drive, to the Arborway, to Pond Street, to the Jamaicaway, to the Riverway, turn around on the Riverway just before Fenway, to the Riverway, to the Jamaicaway, right on Route 9E exit, right on River Road, left on Pond Avenue, clockwise around Pond/Chestnut Street Rotary, left on Chestnut Street, right on Perkins, left on Francis Parkman Drive, right on Arborway, counterclockwise around Kelly Circle, to the Arborway, counterclockwise around Forest Hills Rotary, right on Forest Hills Drive, right on Circuit Drive, to Circuit Drive, around backside of Devine Golf Course, turn around on Circuit Drive behind Devine Golf Course, continue on Circuit Drive, right on Jewish War Veterans Drive, left on Pierpont Road, right into service entrance to Franklin Park Zoo, exit the Giraffe Entrance to the Franklin Park Zoo, to Playstead Road, left at basketball courts, left into White Stadium finishing at the 40 yard line.Tow Zone No Stopping Saturday  Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.The Columbus Day Parade route will close to traffic at 11 AM. The beginning of the route will reopen at approximately 3 PM and the remainder at approximately 4 PM. The route is: Waldemar Avenue, to Bennington Street, to Day Square, to Chelsea Street, to Maverick Square, right onto Meridian Street, to Central Square. Tow Zone No Stopping Sunday Parade parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Hallet Street, Dorchester, from Gallivan Boulevard to Hallet Street, closed to traffic from 10 AM to 6 PM for the Dorchester Irish Heritage Festival.Monday, October 10The Tufts 10K/Columbus Day Race for Women route will close to traffic at 11:50 AM and streets along the route will reopen as the race progresses. The route is: Beacon Street, between Charles and Brimmer Streets, right onto Massachusetts Avenue, over the Massachusetts Avenue Bridge, travel on streets in the City of Cambridge, back over the Massachusetts Avenue Bridge to Massachusetts Avenue in Boston, left onto Commonwealth Avenue, right onto Arlington Street, left onto Boylston Street, left onto Charles Street, finishing between the center gate of the Public Garden and Beacon Street. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday and Monday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Monday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.
"BOSTON -Tuesday, October 4, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement today announced the second annual WE BOS Week, a week-long event designed to support women entrepreneurs. The City of Boston's Women Entrepreneurs Boston (WE BOS) program will once again bring together Boston's entrepreneurial networks: events will be held throughout the City featuring high-profile speakers, skill-building workshops, coaching sessions and networking opportunities to help women entrepreneurs build their networks, and learn new skills to scale and grow their businesses.""Boston is home to a vast network of entrepreneurs, startups and thriving businesses -- and the City of Boston is committed to ensuring women play a major role in our business success,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Promoting economic opportunities for women entrepreneurs is important to the vitality of our City as a whole, and I am proud to support the second annual WE BOS Week.""Last year over 1,000 women participated in 13 events held throughout WE BOS week in partnership with 10 organizations. This year, WE BOS week will plan 16 events, through the support of the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement, the Mayor's Office of Economic Development and 13 additional partners.While Boston has a strong entrepreneurial ecosystem, women-led businesses continue to face challenges including access to funding and difficulty finding mentors and networks to support them as they grow. The Diana Report release in 2014foundthat women-led startups only receive 3% of venture capital (VC) funding. ""Here in Boston, 35% of businesses are owned by women. These businesses employ 36,100 people and generate $3.3 billion in revenue,"" said Kara Miller, Women Entrepreneurs Boston Program Manager. ""However, we know that access to investors and funding is one of the biggest challenges facing women entrepreneurs. That's why this year, WE BOS week will offer several opportunities for women-led startups to meet with VCs and Angel investors to get feedback on their business. I'm thrilled with the support we have already received, and look forward to hosting programs that will foster women's businesses during WE BOS Week and throughout the year.""The Refiney accelerator and Goldenseeds will be offering office hours where businesses can meet with VCs and Angel investors. SheStarts will also host a speed networking event for startups looking to meet investors. The WE BOS Week kick-off will be held in partnership with Mass Innovation Nights at Women Founders Night onMonday, October 17thfrom6:00 - 8:30 p.m.at District Hall. At the event, 14 women-led startups will showcase their businesses.For a complete list of events happening throughout Women Entrepreneurs Week, visittheir websiteor follow@we_boson Twitter.About WE BOSThe WE BOS program advances Boston's women entrepreneurs by providing the resources and network they need launch and grow their business. Since the launch of the program last fall over 1,500 women have participated in WE BOS through one-on-one coaching, educational programming and networking opportunities. In partnership with the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement and the Mayor's Office of Economic Development, WE BOS supports all women entrepreneurs, including startups, home-based businesses and the established brick-and-mortar mainstays of Boston's neighborhoods, with the goal to increase the number of established women entrepreneurs in the City of Boston and to strengthen and grow Boston's existing women-owned businesses."
"BOSTON -Monday, October 3, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, and Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) today announced the ten artists selected for the City of Boston's second year of artists-in-residence program,Boston AIR. This second year of the Boston AIR program helps fulfill a commitment made in Boston Creates, the city'scultural plan, and expands the size of the artist cohort, increases the length of the residencies, and grounds each residency at BCYF through their community centers and core citywide initiatives, such as the BCYF Streetworker Program, youth summer programs, and leadership development for young women.""Arts and culture form the building blocks that make our city thrive. They encourage us to engage with each other and connect to the larger community,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Boston AIR brings this creative practice into the work of our city departments. I am excited to announce the new Boston Artists in Residence and look forward to seeing the positive impact they will have on BCYF.""Recognizing and supporting artists' essential contribution in creating and maintaining a thriving, healthy and innovative city is a stated goal in the Boston Creates plan launched earlier this summer. Boston AIR is one initiative as part of the plan that will integrate creative thinking into the work of municipal departments and planning efforts.Through Boston AIR, artists are supported as agents of reflection, collaboration, and activism, whether through process-oriented practice, direct community engagement, or as leaders of system-wide change projects at BCYF and other City agencies. The ten selected artists are invited to study and expand their own civic and social practice, alongside a parallel cohort from 10 BCYF community centers and other City employees who will explore methods to incorporate artistic social practice into government and community work. Both the artist and City cohorts will share examples of their work, attend master workshops and lectures by guest artists, and have opportunities to exchange ideas and co-design proposals.The ten selected artists, eachwith firsthand knowledge of the cultures and communities of Boston, were chosen by a selection committee consisting of current Boston AIR participants, local arts professionals, BCYF leadership, and City staff. The artists are:Each artist will be awarded a $22,500 stipend for a nine-month-long residency to develop and test ways that creative approaches can meaningfully impact the work of the public sector and society at large. Each artist will be paired with one of ten designated BCYF community centers and provided a studio space at that center.""When we began the Boston Artists in Residence program, we hoped that by embedding the artists in City Departments it would bring creative thought to municipal problem solving and project implementation,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""The work of our first three Artists in Residence exceeded our expectations. This time, we hope to have the same impact on the work being done by Boston Centers for Youth & Families.""The mission of Boston Centers for Youth & Families is to enhance the quality of life of Boston's residents by partnering with various organizations to offer a wide range of comprehensive programs and activities according to neighborhood needs and interests. BCYF's ACES programming framework (arts, civic and community engagement, education, and sports and fitness) is designed to provide access to these programs at every BCYF center. Through Boston AIR, BCYF hopes to expand their arts and civic engagement programs.The residencies will be grounded in the following community centers:""There are so many benefits to being exposed to art at a young age,"" said William Morales, Commissioner of Boston Centers for Youth & Families. ""We are honored to host these talented people in our community centers and look forward to seeing how their projects will help enhance the work that we do here at BCYF.""Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission,the Mayor's Mural Crew,and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities includeleading theCity's cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester.For more information, please visithere.About the Boston Creates Cultural PlanThe cultural plan was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long term. The full cultural plan can be found online on thewebsite.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF)The mission of Boston Centers for Youth & Families is to enhance the quality of life of Boston's residents by partnering with various organizations to offer a wide range of comprehensive programs and activities according to neighborhood needs and interests. BCYF operates 36 community centers which offer affordable programs ranging from after school, teen and girls-only programs to youth employment, violence prevention and intervention, senior activities, and recreation. For more information, please visithere."
"BOSTON -Monday, October 3, 2016-Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics and the Vision Zero Task Force, in partnership with Cambridge Mobile Telematics(CMT)and the Arbella Insurance Foundation, today announced the launch of the Boston's Safest Driver Competition, a smartphone based app that scores drivers on five behaviors associated with safer driving.Driversfrom the Metro Boston area are invited to compete for over $9,000 in prizes by downloading the app and practicing safe driving on the roads.""Our top priority is creating streets that are safe for Boston's pedestrians, cyclists and drivers,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We know that when drivers are more attentive, we save lives, and this new competition is a fun way to encourage drivers to use more caution when traveling on our streets. I thank Cambridge Mobile Telematics and the Arbella Insurance Foundation for their partnership.""TheBoston's Safest Driver Competitionallows participants to challenge their friends, see how they rank in their community, and win prizes for improvement each week. Between now andDecember 3, participants can download the app and win one of a dozen weekly prizes for everything from having the top score, to being the best new driver, to taking car-free trips.Funding for prizes has been provided by the Insurance Foundation and the Cambridge Mobile Telematics donated technology services for competition.The competition will culminate in mid-December with the crowning of the Safest drivers in the region. A major goal of the program is to allow users to self-reflect on their own driving habits, particularly distractions from mobile phones, which the app informs the user about after a drive has been completed. According to the United States Department of Transportation, 3,179 people were killed and 431,000 people were injured in motor vehicle crashes involving distracted drivers in 2014.""The Arbella Insurance Foundation has been on the front lines of the fight against distracted driving for more than 7 years and we're proud to partner with the City of Boston on this first-of-its-kind city-run competition,"" said John Donohue, chairman, president and CEO of the Arbella Insurance Group, and chairman of the Arbella Insurance Foundation. ""We're committed to making our streets safer and the Boston's Safest Driver competition is the perfect way for the community to come together to achieve this goal.""The app, developed by Cambridge Mobile Telematics, provides feedback to drivers on five metrics for each trip they take: rapid acceleration, harsh braking, sharp turns, at-risk speeding, and phone distraction. The app logs trips while in the background on the user's phone, and the driver is alerted afterwards of their score for that trip, told how they did on the different factors, and provided with helpful tips to improve in the future.""Many people blame smartphones for an increase in distracted driving, and there is some truth to that. Over the past several years, right here in Boston, our team at CMT has shown that smartphone technology can help make people better drivers. The Safest Driver app uses phone sensors to measure distraction and other aspects of risky driving,"" said Hari Balakrishnan, CTO of Cambridge Mobile Telematics. ""We are delighted to partner with the Mayor's Office to bring this engaging app to our City and make Boston's roads safer.""In 2015, Mayor Walsh launched Vision Zero Boston as a commitment to focus the City's resources on eliminating fatal and serious traffic crashes in Boston by 2030. The Vision Zero initiative explicitly promises action on addressing distracted driving, reducing speeding, and the exploration of new engagement strategies - all goals that sparked the partnership between CMT and the City.CMT, a spinoff from MIT's Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab, is pioneering advanced telematics and behavioral analytics technologies to develop innovative safe-driving programs.About The Mayor's Office of Urban MechanicsThe Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanicsserves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs. Their streetscape work spans ways to make the transportation experience better for users, through products like the ParkBoston app, to working on the impact that autonomous vehicles could have on people in Boston. Their approach to innovation is human-centered, nimble and responsive to the changing needs of our growing City.About Arbella Insurance FoundationEstablished in 1988, the Arbella Insurance Group is a company with over $850 million in revenue with over $1 billion in assets, headquartered in Quincy, Massachusetts. Arbella is a customer-focused regional property and casualty insurance company, providing personal and business insurance in Massachusetts and Connecticut, and business insurance in Rhode Island and New Hampshire. Arbella Insurance Group founded theArbella Insurance Foundationin 2004. The mission of Arbella's Foundation is to engage in activities and to support not-for-profit organizations that have a significant positive impact on the people and communities served by Arbella.About Cambridge Mobile TelematicsCambridge Mobile Telematics (CMT) makes roads and drivers safer around the world. Headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts and founded in 2010 by two MIT professors and experienced entrepreneurs, CMT pioneered smartphone-based telematics and behavioral analytics, including new approaches to usage and behavior-based insurance. CMT'saward-winning DriveWell program is now used in numerous successful safe-driving apps and programs in many countries around the globe,with a proven record of changing driver behavior: an average reduction of 35% in phone distraction, 20% in hard braking, and 20% in at-risk speeding, all within less than 30 days of drivers using the app. For more information, please visitcmtelematics.comand follow on Twitter@cmtelematics."
"BOSTON - Saturday, October 1, 2016 - At the 5K Samaritans Road Race, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston's partnership with the Samaritans of Boston, leading a citywide initiative to reduce the stigma associated with suicide, create public awareness about suicide prevention and increase support services to individuals in crisis. Samaritans Boston provides life-saving suicide prevention services that include a 24 hour phone/text helpline for people in crisis. Together with the City of Boston, Samaritans will educate workers that have regular contact with high risk populations about suicide prevention.""Suicide is a public health concern, and educating residents about existing resources, and identifying the risk signs of people who may harm themselves can help save lives,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""As a City, we are only as strong as our people, and I am thankful to partners like the Samaritans for their work to fight suicide and save lives.""Samaritans Gatekeeper Workshops will be presented to City Departments that have regular contact with high-risk populations such as teens, veterans and the elderly. ""Gatekeepers,"" workers who are contact with high risk populations, will learn important information about suicide prevention, including risk factors and warning signs building resiliency/protective factors and how to support someone at risk for suicide.Participating departments include The Office of Veteran Services, Boston Centers for Youth and Families' Street Workers and Senior Outreach Program, and the Boston Public Health Commission's Community Initiatives, Recovery Services, Homeless Services and Child, Adolescents and Family Services Program.In an effort to target teens, the Samaritans were invited to present a Suicide Prevention and Awareness workshop to more than 800 youth participating in the Mayor's SuccessLink summer jobs program. The youth listened to families impacted by a suicide death in their family, learning the warning signs and resources available to them. Each received a co-branded wristband containing the Samaritans toll free call/text crisis line - some of whom have since utilized the crisis line for support.""Samaritans is thrilled to be working with Mayor Walsh and so many groups in the City of Boston to raise awareness about this issue, and to let people know that suicide is preventable,"" said Steve Mongeau, Executive Director of Samaritans, Inc. ""Through this partnership, we will help those who are struggling, and educate many about the warning signs and risk factors surrounding suicide.""In Massachusetts, suicides are four times more frequent than homicides. Suicide has been steadily on the rise in Massachusetts, increasing by 38% since tracking began in 2003.However, the numbers have leveled off over the last four years and there is hope that we can reduce loss to suicide in the years ahead.""Suicide does not discriminate. Suicide impacts people regardless of age, gender, sexual orientation or ethnicity,"" said Felix G. Arroyo, Chief of the Mayor's Office of Health and Human Services. ""This partnership will ensure we continue open and honest conversations about preventing suicide."" Residents who are interesting in joining the City of Boston and Samaritans Inc. in their mission to prevent suicide are encouraged to explore joining the the Samaritans Hotline.About SamaritansFor over 40 years, Samaritans, Inc. volunteers have answered more than 2.5 million phone calls. The agency has trained more than 4,500 volunteers and instructed more than 100,000 individuals through its Community Education and Outreach Program, and has supported over 10,000 individuals who have lost a loved one to suicide. For more information about Samaritans, please visit www.samaritanshope.orgor contact Samaritans' business office at617-536-2460orinfo@samaritanshope.org. The Samaritans statewide helpline is877-870-4673, taking calls and texts 24/7."
Visit their websiteto register for a class. This certification will be required effectiveJanuary 1, 2017, forall people who are conducting hot work in the City of Boston. It will also be required in order to obtain aHot Work Permit within the City of Boston.Register for Hot Work Safety Certification
"BOSTON -Friday, September 30, 2016-Reaffirming his commitment to making Boston the best place in the country for working women, Mayor Walsh today took part in the Boston Women's Workforce Council's (BWWC) second annual Best Practices Conference.More than 200 participants representing the 165 signers of the 100% Talent Compact attended today's conference, where they participated in roundtable discussions focused on best practices, guided by pro-bono facilitators fromMcKinsey & Co. The conference featured more than 20 CEOs and senior executives from leading businesses and organizations in the greater Boston area dedicated to closing the pay gap.The Boston Women's Workforce Council is a public-private partnership between the City of Boston, the business community and Simmons College, whichseeks to eliminate the gender wage gapthrough employer-informed, data-driven change. Since forming in 2013, 165 companies have joined the BWWC to sign the ""Boston: 100% Talent Compact,""committing themselves toevaluating - and taking concrete steps to close - the wage gap at their organizations.""Ensuring pay equity in the City of Boston has been a priority for me since taking office,"" said Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""I want to thank all the companies that have signed onto the 100% Talent Compact -- and I want to stress that this conference is about taking action. Together, we can work to create real change. It is important for the City of Boston, and all our residents, that we continue to empower women and fight for equal pay for equal work.""Starting off today's conference were BWWC co-chairs Cathy Minehan, former President and CEO of the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston and most recently Dean of the Simmons College School of Management, and Evelyn Murphy, former Lieutenant Governor and President and Founder of The WAGE Project.""Our new source of data, reported by companies in the greater Boston area that want to solve the problem of wage equity, combined with those companies sharing best practices, will move Boston to the forefront of US cities in making the best use of its talent,"" said Minehan.Shari Slate,Vice President, Chief Inclusion and Collaboration Officer at Cisco gave the keynote address, sharing Cisco's experience with prioritizing pay equity in every aspect of the company, the steps they took to analyze their data and lessons learned as a signer of the White House Pay Equity Pledge, modeled after the work done in Boston.The best practices shared at today's conference will be included in a report out later this fall, which will also highlight the findings of the first ever data collection conducted by the BWWC last May.Roundtable Discussion Hosts:About the Office of Women's AdvancementTheOffice of Women's Advancementis an embodiment of Mayor Walsh's commitment to advancing and supporting women in Boston. We provide a permanent, effective voice for all female residents of Boston by working inclusively with public, private, and nonprofit partners on key issues that significantly affect women and girls. Our mission is to advocate for equal opportunity for women in all arenas of our city. We provide educational opportunities for women that emphasize economic equality, and the health and safety of all women.About the Boston Women's Workforce CouncilTheBoston Women's Workforce Council'smission is to work with the businesses in the Greater Boston area in a private-public endeavor to eliminate the gender wage gap, remove the visible and invisible barriers to women's advancement, and ensure that 100% of the talent pool is used to make Boston the best area in the country for working women."
"BOSTON -Friday, September 30, 2016- The City of Boston's Office of Economic Development and the Massachusetts' Office of Business Developmenton Wednesdayhosted a Small Business Resource Fair at the Reggie Lewis Center in Roxbury. The event marked the first time local city, state, and federal agencies have collaborated to showcase the full range of government resources available to assist in starting, growing and expanding small businesses.""From day one, Mayor Walsh has been committed to providing Boston's over 40,000 small businesses with the tools and resources necessary to operate and thrive throughout all neighborhoods in the City of Boston,"" said Chief of Economic Development John Barros. ""Small businesses create jobs, wealth and opportunity for the City's workforce and are the heart of Boston's economy. I'm thrilled we are able to showcase the support the Boston offers, and connect businesses with city, state and federal resources available.""The free event, attended by over 200 members of the small business community, featured assets available through the City of Boston and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts that support and foster small business development. There were over 30 small business support organizations, and two workshops that guided small businesses through resources available at the City and State level,as well as explained how to navigate government resources for contracting and procurement opportunities.""Small businesses are the backbone of our economy, and ensuring these important employers have access to the resources they need is essential for the continued growth of Boston and the Commonwealth,"" said Deputy Secretary of Housing and Economic Development Carolyn Kirk. ""We are committed to collaborating with local, state and federal partners to connect our small businesses to new opportunities.""The day kicked off with a speaking program moderated by the U.S. Small Business Administration and featured Carolyn Kirk, Deputy Secretary, Executive Office of Housing and Economic Development for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts John Barros, Chief of Economic Development for the City of Boston and ended with a keynote address by Roger Berkowitz, President and CEO of Legal Sea Foods.Boston'sSmall Business Plan, released in March 2016, aims to make the small business economy thrive, to enhance neighborhood vibrancy, and to foster economic and social inclusion and equity. This small business resource fair, coupled with supportive policies and expert guidance, is one of the many tactics the City is implementing a high-quality, efficient support system for Boston's small business economyAbout the Mayor's Office of Economic DevelopmentThe Economic Development Cabinet's mission is to make Boston an appealing place for working families, entrepreneurs, businesses, and investors to innovate, grow and thrive in a way that fosters inclusion, broadens opportunity, and shares prosperity, thereby enhancing the quality of life for all Bostonians and the experience for all visitors. For more information, visit theEconomic Development website.About The Massachusetts Office of Business DevelopmentThe Massachusetts Office of Business Development (MOBD) is the state's one-stop source for businesses seeking to relocate to Massachusetts and businesses wishing to expand their current operations here.We offer a range of expertise and services to help your business flourish in Massachusetts.Our staff operates in regions across the state, so we provide you with on-the-ground knowledge and viable connections for your business. We work closely with the private and public sectors to coordinate a whole range of resources at your disposal.MODB is an operating division of the Executive Office of Housing & Economic Development. "
"BOSTON - Thursday, September 29, 2016 - As part of Imagine Boston 2030's community engagement process, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Imagine Boston 2030's finalized suggested reading list, adding to theoriginal listreleased in August. Members of the community voted on five additional books to complete both the adult and youth titles on the list. The Imagine Boston reading list offers residents the opportunity to learn more about the background on some of the history and concepts that are helping to inform conversations about the future of our city.The texts were chosen by members of the Mayor's team, and selected for their historical analyses and their relation to Boston. The five additional titles include:Adult Reading ListYouth (Ages 3+) Reading List""This engagement initiative received great input from the community and has started an important conversation - one focused on how can we learn from our past to create a better Boston for the future,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This finalized reading list represents a wide range of issues and stories that are relevant to all Bostonians, and together we can use these books as tools in our efforts to make Boston the best it can be in 2030.""After the release of the initial list, Boston residents of all ages were asked to vote on the final books to complete the adult and youth selection. Members of the community responded and voted on a finalized list that includes urban histories of cities like Boston, as well as explorations of concepts and theories that shape modern cities.The goal of this initiative is to utilize this shared reading experience to develop a broader discussion with the community on the task of building a more equitable and inclusive Boston by 2030. The final Imagine Boston 2030 Reading List is below, with the new additions in bold:Adult Reading ListYouth(Ages 3+) Reading ListImagine Boston 2030 has also asked community leaders to participate in this initiative, and many of them have been encouraged to submit blog entries discussing the readings. Each blog entry will highlight one book's relation to Boston and its ability to add value to the planning process. These blog postings will be coming soon and will be posted on Imagine Boston 2030'swebsite.Earlier this week, Mayor Walshannouncedthe launch of Imagine Boston 2030's new engagement team, who will visit community events in Boston neighborhoods to seek feedback from residents on refined strategies for guiding equitable growth through 2030.The Mayor's Office has partnered with the Boston Public Library to make the entire Imagine Boston reading list available to Boston residents. Residents are encouraged to stop by their nearestlocal branchto access these titles and pick up a bookmark.""Boston is a literary City and we hope that with this list, residents will not only read the books, but be encouraged to have conversations about the topics and ideas in the books, how they compare to Boston today, and how we, as a community can envision Boston in the future,"" said Natalia Urtubey, Director of Engagement for Imagine Boston 2030. ""We hope that this list will serve as a tool to guide community conversations around the future of Boston, and energize people to participate in upcoming engagement activities.""About Imagine Boston 2030Imagine Bostonseeks to knit together citywide planning efforts, public engagement and feedback, and City priorities to guide our city into 2030. A citywide plan will serve to implement the ideas set forth and to offer additional ideas for the physical and economic development of Boston. Just as importantly, Imagine Boston 2030 will help Boston's citizens articulate a shared vision for equitable prosperity, innovation, education, health, equity and arts and culture.Residents are encouraged to share their ideas and connect with Imagine Boston 2030 onTwitter, FacebookandInstagramusing#ImagineBostonand#IB2030bookworm."
Long before a piece of our equipment touches your roadway, thorough coordination must occur with utility companies, private contractors, developers and other city agencies to ensure that all necessary digging in the roadway happens before we pave your street.Once coordination is complete and the street is clear of conflicting work, we leaflet the street, letting any residents or businesses know when work will occur and what parking restrictions will be in place. Then, we begin grinding down and cleaning the older road surface. After applying a tack coat to the rough surface, we are set to start paving the roadway. Once weve put down the new asphalt, we use heavy rollers to ensure that smooth surface youre looking for. Finally, were ready to replace pavement markings and let you back on the road.As is with anything in life, sometimes during resurfacing, we hit a bump or two in the road. It is our goal to make sure that we fix these issues before you ever notice them.After milling the roadway on Columbia Road, the Public Works team discovered a collapsed vault at the intersection of Washington Street and Columbia Road  a highly trafficked intersection, to anyone unfamiliar with the area. The collapsed vault required an emergency overnight repair to create the least disruption possible.The crews worked tirelessly to fix the vault and bring you the smooth road surface you deserve, all in just ten days and nights!
Last month, wereleasedthe first draft of the Imagine Boston 2030 Reading List, a collection of award-winning texts that explore different facets of Bostons character. We think these texts hold some of the keys to understanding lessons learned through history and how they relate to the future of Boston. From urban planning to cultural resilience, these books tell stories of how cities like Boston came to be, and explore many of the concepts that shape cities to this day.When we released the initial list, we called upon Bostonians of all ages to help choose the final books that would complete the adult and youth syllabi. The votes are tallied, and we are thrilled to announce the final Imagine Boston 2030 Reading List!*New additions in boldEvicted: Poverty and Profit in the American City by Matthew DesmondThe Death and Life of Great American Cities by Jane JacobsChain of Change: Struggles for Black Community Development by Mel KingThe Given Day by Dennis LehaneCommon Ground by J. Anthony LukasAll Souls: A Family Story From Southie by Michael Patrick MacDonaldThe Power Broker by Robert CaroKarma and Other Stories by Rishi ReddiThe Resilience Dividend: Being Strong in a World Where Things Go Wrong by Judith RodinVilla Victoria: The Transformation of Social Capital in a Boston Barrio by Mario Luis SmallWalkable City: How Downtown Can Save America, One Step at a Time by Jeff SpeckThe Price of Inequality: How Todays Divided Society Endangers Our Future by Joseph E. StiglitzThe Last Hurrah by Edwin OConnorInvisible Cities by Italo CalvinoDont Mess with Tanya: Stories Emerging from Bostons Barrios by Ken TangviThe Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing by M. T. AndersonThe City of Ember by Jeanne DuPrauPennies for Elephants by Lita JudgeWhats the Big Idea? Four Centuries of Innovation in Boston by Stephen KrenskyMake Way for Ducklings by Robert McCloskeyFantastic Cities: A Coloring Book of Amazing Places Real and Imagine by Steve McDonaldBeneath the Streets of Boston by Joe McKendryOn the Loose in Boston (Find the Animals) by Sage StosselBus Route to Boston by Maryann Cocca-LefflerFrom Mud Huts to Skyscrapers: Architecture for Children by Christine PaxmannPick up one of the books today!The Mayors Office has partnered with the Boston Public Library to make the entire Imagine Boston reading list available to all Boston residents! That means you can stop by your nearestlocal branchand indulge in one  or all  of these books. You wont want to miss out on these fascinating reads. Also, make sure to grab an Imagine Boston bookmark. Youre going to need it!As you work your way through the reading list, community leaders will be doing the same. We have asked dozens of them to serve as guest bloggers throughout the season, offering insight on books from the list that have greatly influenced their thinking. Every blog entry will highlight one books relation to Boston and its ability to add value to the planning process. In addition, each community leader will share his or her personal vision for Boston in 2030.Which book will you be reading first? Share your ideas and connect with us onTwitter,Facebook, andInstagramusing#ImagineBostonand#IB2030bookworm. And dont forget tosign upto learn more and stay up to date with all things Imagine Boston!
"BOSTON - Tuesday, September 27, 2016 - Imagine Boston 2030 today announced the creation of their new Engagement Team, building on ongoing engagement efforts to reach residents in every corner of the City of Boston. Utilizing new engagement tools to encourage interaction and hands-on involvement, including Legos, the Imagine Boston Engagement Team will visit community events in Boston neighborhoods this fall to seek feedback from residents on refined strategies for guiding equitable growth through 2030.""I am excited to launch the next iteration of Imagine Boston 2030's engagement plan to make sure that all voices are included in our planning process,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""The best way to engage with residents is in their own neighborhoods, and by bringing the conversation to them we hope for many productive discussions that will help shape our city's future."" Over the past year, Imagine Boston 2030 has engaged with more than 12,000 Bostonians, learning about their visions for Boston in 2030. After recording responses and working extensively within the community, Imagine Boston sent out acall to actionin early September requesting community organizations throughout Boston to host the team at local events, and received a high volume of positive responses.""We are excited to get Bostonians' input on how we should collectively shape Boston's future for 2030,"" saidRebekah Emanuel, Executive Director of Imagine Boston 2030. ""The Legos make the choices we are looking at together both concrete and hands-on.""At these events, Imagine Boston plans to host activities and discussions to engage with the attendees. These programs include:Residents are encouraged to share their ideas and connect withImagine Boston 2030onTwitter,FacebookandInstagramusing#ImagineBoston."
The Roslindale Day Parade and other scheduled activities will impact traffic and parking on local streets in Boston from Saturday, October 1, through Monday, October 3, 2016. To travel to these events, information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.thehubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round trip rather than a one-way ticket.Saturday, October 1Dartmouth Street, Back Bay, from St. James Street to Boylston Street, closed to traffic from 9 AM to 6 PM for the Lets Talk About Food Festival. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Myrtlebank Avenue, Dorchester, from Milton Street to Gallivan Boulevard, closed to traffic from 12 Noon to 8 PM for a neighborhood event.Whitridge Street, Dorchester, from Hilltop Street to Milton, closed to traffic from 10 AM to 8 PM for a neighborhood event.Sunday, October 2The Roslindale Day Parade will begin at 1 PM on Washington Street, turn right onto South Street, left onto Belgrade Avenue, right onto West Roxbury Parkway, to Msgr. Finn Circle, right onto Centre Street, right onto South Street, ending at Walter Street. Streets along the parade route are expected to be closed to traffic from 1 PM to 4 PM. In addition, Washington Street, from Firth to Archdale Streets, will be closed to traffic from 11:30 AM to 4 PM for assembly. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in place as follows.Saint Rose Street, Jamaica Plain, between #59 and #91, closed to traffic from 2 PM to 7 PM for a neighborhood event.Wachusetts Avenue, Jamaica Plain, from Eldridge Street to Northbourne Street, closed to traffic from 12 Noon to 5 PM for a neighborhood event.Sunday October 2, /Monday, October 3The following locations in Downtown Boston will be closed to traffic from 7 PM to 5AM.
"BOSTON -Tuesday, September 27, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today addressed the Greater Boston Chamber of Commerce, discussing the strength of Boston's economy and the work ahead to create a Boston that is prosperous and more equitable for all.""Boston has reached a position of economic leadership that is unprecedented in our history,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We've let go of the insular culture and top-down leadership of the past. We've deepened our core strengths and we've built carefully and confidently beyond them. We are looking to the future and opening our arms to the world, and the world is responding.""Boston's Economy is Strong:Continued Focus on Creating Opportunity for all:The Boston Planning and Development Agency:The Mayor today officially launched theBoston Planning and Development Agency, the new vision and name of the Boston Redevelopment Authority (BRA). Since the Mayor took office, he has focused on reforming the BRA to increase transparency and efficiency and create a more open, community-oriented culture. Earlier this year, the BRA began work on a new identity to better reflect the work in its ongoing mission. The Boston Planning and Development Agency will be modern and state of the art, will understand what the Boston of today andtomorrowneed, and will be innovative and inclusive about shaping development toward those ends. After listening to residents, employees, business and community partners, the Boston Planning and Development Agency (BPDA) will continue reform work that has already begun over the past several years. The Mayor announced that the BPDA will continue this work with:Adopt-a-schoolLast year, Mayor Walsh called for a new Adopt-a-School initiative to engage organizations with the Boston Public Schools. Today, he thanked the businesses who answered his call for support, including: Delta Dental, General Electric, Goodwin Proctor, Levi's, RSM, Salsify, Whole Foods, and Vertex.He also announced the launch of theInvestBPSonline portal, created with the help of local innovator Intrepid. It will make it easy for companies to match their interests with schools' needs and begin providing unique learning experiences to Boston students.Read the Mayor's remarks"
Over the past year, weve engaged more than 12,000 Bostonians, learning about the issues that matter most to them as they envision their city in 2030. Now, were proud and excited to introduce the Fall 2016 Imagine Boston 2030 Engagement Team! We sent acall to actionasking community organizations throughout Boston to invite us to their events, and we received an overwhelming number of responses. Weve created a fun, all-ages Lego activity that will give residents an opportunity to learn about the issues that Imagine Boston is addressing and add their own input to guide the plan moving forward. Participants can offer input on how new housing and commercial uses can be distributed in different areas of the City to improve quality of life and learn about proposed initiatives for making our City more affordable and preparing for climate change as we grow.We are eager to hear from you! Heres the schedule of events planned for the coming weeks, and wehave evenmore in the works, so stay tuned. Everyone is welcome, and we hope to see you there!The Fall Engagement Team will be traveling around Boston from September 26 - October 30, 2016.Some events are not yet confirmed. Please visit our website for a full and updated calendar!As always, we want to hear from you any way we can! Share your ideas and connect with us onTwitter,FacebookandInstagramusing #ImagineBoston. And dont forget to sign up for Imagine Bostonupdates!
Thank you Miceal [Chamberlain],Jim [Rooney], and everyone at the Chamber.When I spoke to you a year ago, I called for the development of an Adopt-a-School program, to create more partnerships between Bostons business community and the Boston Public Schools. If you were there, youll remember someexceptionalkids who stole the show that day.I want to thank the companies that answered our call for new partners, includingDelta Dental, General Electric, Goodwin, Levis, RSM, Salsify, Whole Foods, and Vertex.Im pleased to report that, with the help of the Chamber and John Hancock, we are developing a program to enable many more to join them. Its called InvestBPS.Today you can help us launch the InvestBPS online portalwe created with the help of local innovator Intrepid. It will make it easy for companies to match their interests with schools needs. And it will enable us to track and share the powerful results.Theres a business card on your table. If you text that number youll receive a link to get you started.I welcome you to join the long and growing list of companies who are helping strengthen our schools and provide students with one-of-a-kind learning experiences. I hope you agree that education should be everyones business.***Im going to talk about our citys economy, andI want to start by noting just a few of the opportunities we have to showcase Boston to the world this fall.When these innovators and investors come here, they will experience a city that is flourishing.Since 2014, $12 billion worth of development has entered the pipeline. Right now weve got $6 billion under construction. Long-neglected opportunities downtown are finally moving forward. They include a new Millennium Partners tower in Winthrop Square that promises mixed-income housing, exciting public space, and last, but by no means least, a boost to city revenues.And, for the first time, weve been able to spread this investment out into our neighborhoods. Major mixed-use projects are moving forward in Dorchester, Roxbury, South Boston, Allston, and Charlestown, to name a few.After conducting our first comprehensive study of the small business sector, we now know we have 40,000 small businesses operating across the city, generating $15 billion in annual revenue and creating 170,000 jobs. Citywide, unemployment is below 4%, our lowest rate in over 15 years.We are consistently ranked among the very best cities in the U.S. for entrepreneurs. Most recently, Pitchbook confirmed that we are second only to the Bay Area for the total number of successful venture capital investments,with twice as many startups moving to the next level as our nearest competitor, which happens to be New York.Our leadership in the life sciences continues to grow. And we are rising to the top of key growth sectors, like clean tech, cybersecurity, 3-D printing, software, and advanced manufacturing.Early this year we announced an agreement for General Electric to move their global headquarters to Boston. GE has now taken up residence on the South Boston waterfront, giving us a global anchor firm for the digital industry that draws in all these growth sectors and more.We have the opportunity in Boston to launch the next generation of technologies that will change the world. That holds the promise, not just of global influence and investment, but of good jobs for a wide range of skill sets.In recent weeks, weve seen firms like AutoDesk, Flextronics, and Continuummove to Boston and set up the kind of facilities that help bridge the gap between innovation and manufacturing in our economy.This kind of diversification is important, because we need to be thinking about our resilience as well as our growth. If history is any guide, we need to be prepared for turbulence and we need to build for long-term success.Ill touch on a few things we are doing to meet this imperative.We are building housing for our growing workforce. Our Housing Plan set a goal of 53,000 units by the year 2030. As of this month, we have completed nearly 10,500 units. We have another 7,200 under construction, and more than 17,000 in the pipeline. That puts us close to 40,000 units, or 74% of the way to our goalwell ahead of schedule.But its no time to let up. The struggle of middle- and lower-income workers to find housing they can afford is not just a social problem, its a business problem. Its why we are seeking to add Boston to the list of 160 cities and towns across the Commonwealth that make use of the Community Preservation Act. For a 1% surcharge, the CPA will unlock tens of millions of dollars for housing every year, while protecting open space and historic buildings. I want to thank the businesses that met with me to discuss the benefits of the CPA. And I urge all our residents to vote Yes on Question 5 in November. Its good for business and good for quality of life in Boston.Our future also depends on digital infrastructure. We need to make sure residents and businesses have the best possible access to the global flow of data. Thats why Verizon, per our agreement, has begun installing fiber opticcable across the city in an equitable way. We are adding new service options and moving Bostons connection speed into the 21st century.Finally, we are planning. We started two years ago with Bostons most ambitious Housing Plan ever. We followed with plans in Transportation, in Climate Action, in Arts and Culture, in Open Space, and more. We are now ready to take the next step. In the coming weeks, we will roll out key priorities in Imagine Boston 2030, our first citywide plan in over 50 years. Already our planning work is bringing new community input and new investment to South Boston, Jamaica Plain, Roxbury, and Dorchester.To sum up, Boston has reached a position of economic leadership that is unprecedented in our history. It hasnt been by accident. Weve let go of the insular culture and top-down leadership of the past. Weve deepened our core strengths and weve built carefully and confidently beyond them. In the language of our Imagine Boston project, what we love we are preserving, where we fell short we are enhancing, where there was stagnation we are growing. We are looking to the future and opening our arms to the world. And the world is responding.***As you can tell, Im very upbeat about our economy. And Im committed to our long-term success. But that means we have more work to do.Economists have shown that inequality makes growth slower and less sustainable. Inequality also strikes at our identity as a city of opportunity for all.I could tell you about any number of our strategies to reduce inequality. But today I want to talk about one major aspect of the challenge that we cannot reach with economic or educational policies alone. It is racial inequity.That low unemployment figure I mentioned earlier? Its between twoand threetimes that number in neighborhoods of color like Roxbury and Mattapan. Similar disparities are evident in health, education, and almost every aspect of community and individual wellbeing.These disparities are rooted in historyand continue presenting barriers to opportunity today. That means its not enough to have color-blind policies. And its not enough to have good intentions. Personal virtue doesnt add up to systemic change.I want to speak candidly about the challenge that presents. Ill share some experience.One night when I was running for mayor, at a town hall meeting in Jamaica Plain, a woman of color asked me: what are you going to do about racism in Boston?This issue was not new to me. For 17 years I represented one of the most diverse zip codes in the country, working closely with colleagues and constituents of color. As the head of the Building Trades, I established a program that guaranteed jobs for women and people of color.I pledged to expand opportunity in communities of color and bring historic levels of diversity to the leadership ranks in City Hall and the Boston Police Department. Im proud to have followed through on those pledges.But that night in Jamaica Plain, my questioner wasnt satisfied. And neither was I. Her challenge, and others like it, have stayed with me. There are factors shaping life in Boston that, whatever my values and my intentions, I do not personally experience. As a good neighbor and as Mayor, I must strive to understand them.So a big part of my approach to this issue has been listening to people of colorin our communities and in my administration. Ive been able to draw on these dialogues, to better understand and respond at moments of national and local tension. This experience has confirmed my belief that Boston is long overdue for a more open and intentional conversation about race.Thats what weve been building towards in workshops convened by our Chief Resilience Officer. In the past couple of months, we have asked people from different communities to help us take this conversation public. Ive gotten a lot out of these talks, but they havent always been easy. Some people of color wonder why they have to keep talking about this. They want to see more action. Some white people fear speaking up, in case they say the wrong thing. Others feel terms like white privilege deny the struggles they have experienced.Meanwhile, people from across the city who lived through busing in the 1970s harbor bitterness. A friend said recently, as children we coped with busing. We didnt process it. I would add: because we were unable to see our common interest, we didnt get a lasting solution. We got a scar that hurt talent recruitment and neighborhood investment for a generation, and still troubles our efforts to reach educational equity.I believe we must forge a deeper understanding of each others experiences. Its the only way we will find common language for our shared challenges, and move forward as a more united and more resilient community.This fall we will hold a series of public conversations on race and equity. These events will build on a year of community workshops. And they will launch us into a period of more open dialogue in our city. We will provide a toolkit for anyone who wants to hold a conversation in their neighborhood or workplace.I have been told by some that this is dangerous territory for an elected official to enter, especially in their first term. Ive been told by others that we already talk about race too much. Neither of these perspectives offers a good reason to ignore the issue. I feel deeply that its my duty as Mayor to address it.Its not just about talking. If we can deepen trust across communities, we can accelerate our progress forward. We can unlock more talent for our economy. And we can be stronger and more united in the face of whatever challenges come our way.We have been using this resiliency framework to build toward exactly this kind of change.This is the policy framework that our conversations on race are designed to deepen and advance.But of course, lasting change must go beyond city policy. We need everyone involved,including our business community.So I extend a special invitation, here at the Chamber, for employers to join our citywide conversation, whether as a participant or a host.And I ask you to take another look at the systems in your own organizations: in hiring and promotion in contracting and procurement in culture and community.We know there are business and nonprofit employers leading the way. Lets share whats working, and lets work together to do even better.It starts with listening. It ends with stronger relationships, stronger organizations, and a more resilient, more confident city.***Our ultimate goalis a sustained and equitably shared prosperity. We wont achieve that goal without an inclusive process for managing public and private investmentand without planning that can adapt to changing conditions and maintain deep community engagement.For 59 years, the Boston Redevelopment Authority has been charged with providing these functions for our city. It played a key role in many of the transformations that have brought us success.But the BRA has also been defined by moments of injustice in the 1960sand a lack of transparency in recent decades.Today, as much as ever, democratic planning and inclusive development are vital to this citys future. We must have an agency that works for the peopleand that the people trust.Thats why, since the moment I took office, we have been reforming the BRA. Under the directorship of Brian Golden, we have made great strides in transparency, efficiency, and culture.Earlier this year, we decided it was time to reflect and empower this ongoing re-invention of the agency with a new identity and a refocused mission.We listened to residents. We talked with employees. We engaged partners and experts and we looked at other cities. Our goal was to give Boston the best-in-class planning and development systems it has always deserved.So I am proud to announce today that the result is a new visionand a new namefor this vital agency. Heres a short video that sums it up.The Boston Planning and Development Agency, soon to be known as the BPDA. I know, it will take some getting used to. But I expect it will be a welcome change.This is an agency that will look to the community first and will bring solutions across the city wherever they are needed. It will ensure every resident in every neighborhood can benefit from Bostons success.Right off the bat, planning and development review teams will visit the neighborhoods,together,to talk about what the new process will look like. I can announce today that it will include a redesigned community meeting format, to provide more context and more clarity and an online platform for neighborhood-specific updates and feedback. Were going to make sure conversations are open, ongoing, and available to all.Well also set up BPDA+, a program to forge collaborations with nonprofits, businesses, universities, and startups and host innovation fellowships for leading-edge global experts.The Boston Planning & Development Agency will be modern and state of the art, it will understand what cities of today and tomorrow need, and it will be innovative about shaping development toward those ends.With the combination of global leadership and community passion we have in our city, we deserve nothing less and we are fully capable of achieving it. Im excited about the new possibilities we can unlock together.***Ill leave you with one last point thats of paramount importance to Bostons future. I dont like to get political in these forums. But the stakes for us in Washington this year are very, very high.Bostons economy is thriving because we have become a hub in the global network of ideas, of investments, and of people.Those conferences I mentioned are a good example. Another is Babson Colleges Global Entrepreneur-in-Residence program that we helped launch earlier this year. It allows talented international students to stay in our city, and our country, to build businesses.To maintain and grow this global role, we need an immigration system that works. We need transportation infrastructure thats up-to-date. We need to be part of a country that invests in education, in research, and in housing.And for all these things, we need a federal partner thats as committed as we are to sustainable growth and global leadership.These are issues with bipartisan support. Yet too often weve seen Congress retreating from them instead of moving forward. And weve seen creep into the national conversation a desire to retreat from the world and take a defensive, fearful stance.Right now, an isolated, divided America thats unable or unwilling to invest in the future would be the greatest short-term threat to Bostons economy.So I urge all of you, and every American, to undertake your civic duty with the highest seriousness as we head into election season.In Boston we have helped set the pace of the current recovery and we have maximized the benefits of this growth. Lets keep our success going. Lets embrace the future and the world together, as one city and one country.Thank you and God Bless the United States of America.
Boston Centers for Youth & Families, the City of Bostons largest youth and human service agency, is pleased to offer the Winter Camp Joy Program to Boston residents ages 8 to 22 with disabilities for the tenth year. The program provides structured, weekly opportunities on Saturdays for participants and their families to make new friends, have fun, learn, and grow.Winter Camp Joy is highly engaging and fun for the participants while also supporting their parents and caretakers, said William Morales, Commissioner of Boston Centers for Youth & Families. We have received a lot of positive feedback about this program over the years and I am pleased we are able to offer it for the tenth year.BCYF has provided thousands of children and youth with special needs enriching opportunities through the Camp Joy Summer Program, which has been operating since 1946. The Winter Program is an extension of Camp Joy, focusing on the same principles of inclusion, learning,and fun. Both Camp Joy and Winter Camp Joy are led by trained, highly skilled program staff who create a safe and nurturing environment for participants. While BCYF is committed to seeking individuals with disabilities for this program, it is open to youth without disabilities between the ages of 8 and 14.    The program will run two Saturdays a month (except for holiday weekends) from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m., at BCYF Curtis Hall Community Center in Jamaica Plain. The program is scheduled to run from October 22 through April 29. The cost per child for the entire length of the program is $150. Program participants must be between the ages of 8 and 22, be able to interact in a 4:1 participant to staff ratio,and be a Boston resident (proof of residency will be requested).Transportation is not provided and a completed application is required.Learn more about the program, download the application,or call 617-635-4920 (x2402) for more information. 
The Boston Transportation Department, in partnership with Talbot-Norfolk Triangle Neighbors United (TNT), the Boston Art Commission and the Mayors Office of New Urban Mechanics, will join local residents, artist Alex Cook, and representatives from the Fairmount Greenway and the Codman Square Neighborhood Development Corporation, to paint the Neighborhood Slow Streets Pilot Programs first street mural on Elmhurst Street, near ElmhurstPark, in Dorchester, on Friday, September 23, 2016, from 9 AM to 2:00 PM. The mural, painted directly on the street, celebrates the neighborhoods work as an Eco-Innovation District and brings new public art to the area.The street mural is expected to remain on the street for approximately 18 months. It is a temporary measure to create an active public realm that incorporates direct input from local residents. It serves as an introduction to the more permanent steps to be taken in keeping with the Neighborhood Slow Streets program to help people walking, riding bikes and driving motor vehicles to feel safer in the neighborhood.Neighborhood Slow Streets, a component of Vision Zero Boston, is an initiative of the Transportation and Public Works Departments to design and implement traffic-calming measures on streets within defined zones in Bostons neighborhoods. BTD has been working with the TNT community for several months discussing traffic safety problems and possible solutions. The departments proposed traffic-calming plan for the Talbot-Norfolk Triangle will be shared at a public meeting on Tuesday, September 27, at 6:30 PM, at the Prayer Tower Apostolic Church at #151 Norfolk Street in Dorchester.Through the Neighborhood Slow Streets Project, BTD has had the opportunity to work closely with residents to develop plans to slow down traffic on streets in the Talbot-Norfolk Triangle, said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. We appreciate the invaluable input from the community on the TNT Neighborhood Slow Streets Program and the assistance of our partners on this street muralThe Neighborhood Slow Streets Pilot Program aims to slow down traffic on residential streets in Bostons neighborhoods. Traffic-calming tools include that may be used include speed humps to keep vehicles at a safe speed curb extensions at corners to provide shorter crossing distances for pedestrians and daylighting that offers greater visibility at intersection for pedestrians, cyclists and motorists by painting the roadway pavement and installing flex posts to physically block vehicles from illegally parking near crosswalks.A collaboration between Bostons arts community, local residents and BTD to bring new types of public art to our neighborhoods is a great example of innovative and worthwhile work that can be accomplished through partnerships, said Julie Burros, Chief of the City of Bostons Arts and Culture Cabinet.Materials for the mural are supported through a grant from the Boston Society of Architects to the Fairmount Greenway, which is working on a walk- and bike-friendly route along the Fairmount-Indigo MBTA Commuter Rail line.A second Neighborhood Slow Streets Pilot Program is planned for the Stonybrook neighborhood in Jamaica Plain. BTD recently presented a proposed plan for that neighborhood at a well-attended public meeting and is planning to begin implementing the plan this year.A rain date for painting on Elmhurst Street is planned for Saturday, September 24.
"BOSTON -Friday, September 23, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today revealed a solar powered Soofa Sign in Samuel Adams Park, located outside of Faneuil Hall. A companion to the screen unveiled on City Hall Plaza in July, the Soofa Sign will provide visitors to Faneuil Hall and Samuel Adams Park with information on local events and City services, and encourage visitors and residents to engage with each other and the City through social media. Through a partnership between the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM) and Soofa, the prototype sign is the first of its kind in the world.""Over the past two years we have been taking steps to improve our city services and make the City more inviting for residents and visitors,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By providing residents with real-time information that is both helpful and easily accessible, we are building on our commitment to providing excellent City services to the people of Boston. The addition of this sign in one of the most historical places in our city is just one more step towards making Boston more welcoming for all who visit.""Boston is the first city in the world to pilot the Soofa Sign. The Soofa Sign provides an avenue for displaying information about municipal services like BOS:311, and can also provide visitors and residents with real-time transit information in the Sign's immediate area. The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics plans to hold a Twitter Idea Chat in the next few months to engage the public on additional ideas for the Sign, including new locations and content, and encourages visitors and residents to suggest additional ideas for public space activation in the city.""We're excited to have been chosen by Soofa to premiere their first-ever solar powered E Ink Sign,"" said Judy Wang, Innovation Fellow with the New Urban Mechanics.""The Sign encourages visitors and residents to engage with each other through the use of social media, and is another indicator of the many City efforts to activate the spaces in which we work, live and play.""The debut of the Soofa Sign on Samuel Adams Park marks the MIT Media Lab spin-off's foray into the digital signage ecosystem. Soofa began piloting the use of their flagship solar-powered benches throughout Boston in 2014, and the benches can be found outside Faneuil Hall and on the Waterfront to just outside the John D. O'Bryant School and in Malcolm X Park. These benches have now been installed in over 20 states in the United States.The sign is part of a series of projects the City has unveiled to activate public spaces, including a ""front lawn"" on City Hall Plaza, and popup pedestrian spaces in Downtown Crossing.""Soofa is proud to continue this relationship with the City of Boston, a leader in public space activation,"" said Sandra Richter, Soofa CEO and Co-Founder. ""This Soofa Sign installation is another step in connecting citizens with their surroundings through smart city infrastructure.""About the Mayor's Office of New Urban MechanicsThe Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanicsserves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs. Their streetscape work spans ways to make the transportation experience better for users, through products like the ParkBoston app, to providing ways for local designers to make public space more intuitive and delightful with the Public Space Invitational.About SoofaSoofaconnects city infrastructure to the Internet. Beautifully designed and intuitive to use the company embeds electronics into everyday city objects turning them into smart urban furniture. It was founded by a team of female engineers and designers from Harvard and MIT. Their flagship product, the Soofa Bench, was piloted with the City of Boston in 2014. Based on the product's success, Soofa Benches have been installed in 20 U.S. states and over 50 cities. Soofa makes smart plug & play solutions for public spaces to make the city oftomorrow, today."
"The City of Boston today launched anonline calculatorthat will give homeowners the ability to enter their address to predict their contribution to the Community Preservation Act (CPA) if the ballot question passes in November. The Community Preservation Act would create a fund to support affordable housing, historic preservation, and open space initiatives in Boston. It would also establish a local Community Preservation Committee to review project proposals and recommend projects to the City Council for approval.""We are committed to creating a city government that is transparent and efficient for our residents, and this new calculator will give homeowners the ability to easily predict their contribution if the Community Preservation Act passes in November,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""I look forward to continuing our work with the City Council and our community partners as we study the CPA's potential to invest in affordable housing, our parks and to preserve Boston's history.""Revenue for Community Preservation Fund projects in Boston would be raised through a local real estate tax surcharge of 1 percent beginning in fiscal year 2018. The new online calculator shows what the surcharge would have been using data from fiscal year 2016.The 1 percent surcharge is applied to a revised net tax owed on the property, not the assessed value of the property. To calculate a revised net tax, the first $100,000 is automatically deducted from the assessment of all properties. Taxpayers do not need to file for this exemption.Next, any personal and/or residential exemptions, where applicable, are deducted and then the standard tax rates is applied to this reduced value. The 1 percent surcharge would apply to this revised net tax amount.The funds from CPA would provide a stream of revenue to support affordable housing, historic preservation, and open space initiatives. Individual communities can decide on the distribution of funds across the three areas covered under the CPA, as long as each area -- open space, historic preservation, and affordable housing -- each receive at least 10 percent of the total available funds. New City revenue from the surcharge is estimated to be $16.5 million annually, and has the potential to leverage millions more in state funding every year. The average homeowner would pay an additional $28 per year."
The Jimmy Fund Walk, the Beantown Jazz Festival and other scheduled activities will impact traffic and parking on local streets in Boston from Thursday, September 22, through Tuesday, September 27, 2016. To travel to these events, information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.thehubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round trip rather than a one-way ticket.Thursday, September 22Saturday, September 24Sunday, September 25Monday, September 26/Tuesday, September 27
The Boston Fire Department Fire Prevention Division is pleased to announce that as of Thursday morning, September 22, 2016,the following applications for permits from the Boston Fire Department will be moving to the new Boston Permits & Licenses Portal:At the time of application all required documentation are to be submitted electronically, there is a place holder in the system for each individual document that is required. If the required documents are not attached your application will not move forward until done. These changes and requirementshave been put in place in order to help you get your permit faster.Over the next several months, more and more of the BFD permit application typeswill be made available for electronic application in the new Boston Permits and Licenses Portal.Please feel free to contact us at 617-343-3628 if you are unclear on where to find your existing application or apply and you will be directed to the correct staff member to assist you through the transition phase.
"BOSTON -Monday, September 19, 2016-On Saturday, Mayor Martin J. Walsh kicked-off National Welcoming Week in Boston by celebrating Citizenship Day and signing the Communications Access Ordinanceat the James P. Timilty Middle School in Roxbury.Hundreds of interested applicants were screened for eligibility via telephone leading up to the event, and 350 people began their applications for naturalization with the help of 280 trained volunteers at the event. Due to high demand, anadditional clinicwill be held onOctober 27at WilmerHale to serve eligible applicants who were unable to be served on Citizenship Day.""Many of Boston's residents have come to America for a better life and more opportunities,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am committed to ensuring that all of our residents feel included in Boston's civic life and have full access to everything our city has to offer. For National Welcoming Week, I am proud to sponsor Citizenship Day and sign the Communications Access Ordinance.""The Communications Access Ordinance,sponsored by Boston City Council President Michelle Wu and Councilor Timothy McCarthy, waspassed unanimously by the City Council. The ordinance establishes a citywide structure for access to city services and information for those who are limited English proficient or have communications-related disabilities. To support the new ordinance, Mayor Walsh has invested $200,000 in new funds in the FY 2017 budget to hire a Communications Access Coordinator to guide the development of agency-specific plans and expand translation and interpretation capacity, beginning with Boston 311. The ordinance will consolidate existing efforts by individual City departments to provide language access.Additionally, the Department of Innovation and Technology has made significant improvements to the City's website, Boston.gov, to make online resources more accessible for all. Changes to the website'sdesign and technologyhas brought the website to AA compliance (based on the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines). These changes make resources more accessible for users with vision impairments or those who access the website using assistive technology. The City will also be professionally translating content on the website into the five languages most commonly spoken in Boston, including Spanish, Chinese, Haitian Creole and Portuguese. Incorporating human translation will greatly improve access to essential city services and make the City's digital front door more welcoming for those with limited English proficiency.""I'm proud to partner with Mayor Walsh, Councilor McCarthy, and all my colleagues on an ordinance that codifies Boston's commitment to serving all residents and provides resources for residents with limited English proficiency or a communications disability,"" said City Council President Michelle Wu. ""We are a city that welcomes everyone, and we recognize that empowering residents from all backgrounds is the best way to make Boston stronger.""""Interacting with the government can be intimidating,"" said Felix Arroyo, Chief of Health and Human Services. ""We want to make sure that Bostonians have access to accurate information and government services, whether they be for naturalization application assistance at the federal level or for services and programs at the city level.""At Citizenship Day, the majority of applicants were from Haiti, the country with the third-largest immigrant population in Boston. Applicants came from 43, with ages ranging from 18 to 103.Among the volunteers were attorneys, law students, undergraduate students and community members from the Boston area. 2014 We Are Boston Community Champion awardee Goodwin provided 60 pro bono attorneys.""We are proud to partner with Project Citizenship again for the third Citizenship Day in Boston,"" said Alejandra St. Guillen, Director of the Mayor's Office for Immigration Advancement (formerly New Bostonians). ""Project Citizenship's expertise ensured the day's success.""""We appreciate Mayor Walsh's leadership and support on promoting naturalization among eligible lawful permanent residents,"" said Veronica Serrato, Executive Director of Project Citizenship. ""We look forward to continuing to serve applicants who came to Citizenship Day as they continue the process.""In April, Mayor Walsh launched Immigrant Information Corners in the Boston Public Libraries as a result of a Letter of Agreement with U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services to increase awareness and knowledge about citizenship and the naturalization process. The Immigrant Information Corners, which will also have programming on financial empowerment, is made possible through support from AmeriCorps, Boston Cares and Cities for Citizenship.About National Welcoming WeekNational Welcoming Weekis an annual series of events, during which communities bring together immigrants and U.S.-born residents in a spirit of unity to raise awareness of the benefits of welcoming everyone - including new Americans. Last year, there were 245 events in over 80 communities during Welcoming Week, with more than 22,000 people participating.As a Welcoming City within the Welcoming America network, the City of Boston, through the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement, is committed to proactively welcoming newcomers and ensuring their successful integration."
"BOSTON -Monday, September 19, 2016- Boston election officials today launched the ""Vote Early Boston"" websitewhich provides voters with important information about the City of Boston's new early voting initiative. ""Vote Early Boston"" beginsMonday, October 24,and runs throughFriday, November 4. During that time, registered voters will be able to cast their ballots for theNovember 8Election.""Ensuring all Boston voters are able to vote conveniently, and on their own schedule, is paramount to ensuring voter turnout,"" said Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""Voting is core to our democracy, and I encourage Boston voters to take advantage of all the resources the City provides during this election season.""""We expect that the 'Vote Early Boston' website will serve as an important resource for all voters interested in casting their ballots during the early voting period,"" said Boston Elections Chairman Dion Irish. ""Early voting polling locations will be open at City Hall and throughout the nine city council districts allowing voters to vote at the most convenient location and times.""Voters may also request an early voting ballot by mail, and may return them in person at City Hall or by mail. Unlike Absentee Voting, an explanation is no longer needed to vote early. Any Boston voter who wishes to vote early may.During the early voting period, City Hall will be Boston's main early voting site, with voting daily during normal business hours (9 a.m. to 5 p.m.). City Hall will also be open on five evenings for early voting.Polling locations will also be available throughout the city on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays, during the early voting period. Those locations will be open from2 p.m. until 8 p.m.OnSaturday October 29, there will be nine early voting locations open simultaneously in each city council district from12 p.m. until 6 p.m.For a full schedule, voters are encouraged to visit the ""Vote Early Boston""webpage."
Often, streets that are in poor condition need more than just a resurfaced layer of asphalt. A full reconstruction project repairs these streets, but is a lengthy and expensive process which includes design for not only the reconstruction of the roadway, but also for sidewalks, traffic signals, and street lighting, while potentially reconfiguring traffic patterns, parking and street layouts. But what about the streets that cant wait for full reconstruction, yet are too deteriorated to be fixed with resurfacing only? Thats where the Deep Roadway Maintenance Program comes into play.Deep Maintenance treatments address these poor condition streets by digging up the street, reconstructing and compacting the roadway, then treating the surface with new pavement and striping. All of this is done without redesign of sidewalks or any change to the current street layout. The Deep Maintenance program allows us to fix the poorest condition streets faster and cheaper than a typical street reconstruction project. Pedestrian ramps on Deep Maintenance streets are upgraded to full ADA compliance.The process that the City typically uses for deep roadway maintenance is called Full Depth Reclamation and is a way of recycling the old roadway into a new one. A special machine pulverizes the existing roadway and mixes and compacts the material into a strong base for the new road surface. After the new base has been graded and compacted, the new road is paved and striped.The City is aware that there are needy streets all over Boston, but not every street is an ideal candidate for deep maintenance. The sidewalks and street lighting infrastructure need to be in sufficiently good condition to leave untouched. All utility work scheduled for the street must be completed before roadway construction by the City can be scheduled, and there are certain roadway materials that work better for full depth reclamation than others. This construction process may be noisy, but we always make sure that accessibility for pedestrians and homeowners is maintained.During this construction season, we will be performing deep maintenance on Claymont Terrace, Gaylord Street, Mora Street, Mallon Road, Mahler Road, and Zeigler Street. We plan to continue the Deep Maintenance Program in 2017. 
"BOSTON -Friday, September 16, 2016- As Boston Public School (BPS) students complete their first full week of classes, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the physical improvements made to Boston Public Schools, overseen by BPS's Capital & Facilities Management and the City of Boston's Public Facilities Department. The investments, totaled at over $89 million, are funded primarily through Building a Better Boston, Mayor Walsh's $1.9 billion five-year capital plan.""I'm proud to highlight the progress we have made in improving our Boston Public School buildings as students begin their school year,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These improvements reflect the City's dedication to providing the best resources for Boston's schools and students.""""At Boston Public Schools, we are enthusiastic about welcoming students, teachers and administrators back for the 2016-2017 school year,"" said BPS Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""These projects, both completed and ongoing, will create an improved learning environment for all.""Updated school projects include:Dearborn SchoolThe topping off ceremony held on September 13th marked the completion of the new building's structural steel. The $73M project is utilizing state grant funds, and will be reimbursed upwards of $37M by the Massachusetts School Building Authority (""MSBA""). The design of the new school is based upon a project-based learning curriculum, with an emphasis on STEM education. There will be a Learning Commons on the ground floor that will include a state-of-the-art library/media center, classrooms and science laboratories that will provide an ideal environment for 21stcentury Learning. The project is scheduled to be completed in the winter of 2017/2018, and is the first new school the City of Boston has builtin 15 years.Murphy SchoolyardThis $695,000 renovation of the play space at the Richard J. Murphy K-8 School provides upgrades to an existing play area. The scope of work includes installation of handicap accessible play equipment, fitness stations, and an synthetic turf running field.This project will provide an inclusive play area that will serve the needs of the Murphy School's diverse student population. The project is anticipated to be complete in mid-September.Madison Park Technical Vocational High School (MPTVHS) Welding RoomAs part of the Mayor's Capital Plan, the Public Facilities Department was engaged to renovate the welding shop at Madison Park Technical Vocational High School. This $2 million dollar investment will increase the number of welding booths for students. The additional welding booths will enable concurrent teaching opportunities with related trades and increase opportunities for the MPTVHS student population.The Public Facilities Department and Madison Park Technical Vocational High School are in discussions with Wentworth Institute of Technology and the Ironworkers Local 7 to explore potential partnerships with MPTVHS regarding the use of this newly renovated space and how Madison Park students can access either of these organizations to grow their career opportunities.The project is scheduled to be completed by the end of 2016.In addition to the large-scale projects above, the BPS's Capital & Facilities Management has also invested over $13.6 million this spring and summer to maintain and improve over two dozen BPS buildings and facilities.Projects include $1.5 million for improved security, including card key access and security cameras at 18 schools $450,000 in gym upgrades at Boston Latin Academy as part of the Youth Lead the Change participatory budgeting initiative $120,000 for rubberized surfaces at three school playgrounds (Mary Lyon, Warren-Prescott and Orchard Gardens).A full list of BPS's Capital & Facilities Management projects are below:SCHOOLPROJECTSCOPEBUDGETDante Alighieri Montessori SchoolSite workEnvironmental remediation$184,000Another Course to College Relocation Phase ISchool renovationElementary to high school renovation (at former E. Greenwood School)$3,700,000Boston Latin AcademyGym upgradesPaint, new bleachers, flooring upgrade, locker repairs, HVAC upgrades$450,000Central KitchenNew floorsEpoxy flooring$320,000James Condon Elementary SchoolLockersNew lockers$25,000James Condon Elementary SchoolRoofFEMA roof replacement project$123,000Dudley Street Neighborhood Charter SchoolModular additionFour new modular classrooms$3,004,038Eliot Upper SchoolClassroom expansionTemporary classrooms$25,000Gardner Pilot AcademyBasement renovationNew science lab, new bathrooms$728,000Hennigan Elementary SchoolClassroom expansionNew kindergarten classroom$25,000Hennigan Elementary SchoolDoorsNew doors and hardware$61,500Washington Irving Middle SchoolSite workSite work enhancements with Boston Water & Sewer Commission$1,384,000Madison Park Technical Vocational High SchoolNew freezer and food truckGrant funded for culinary art program walk in freezers, and food truck$450,000Mendell Elementary SchoolBasement renovationFlooring, partitions and ventilation$45,000William H. Ohrenberger SchoolPlaygroundInstallation of new playground$376,000P.A. Shaw Elementary SchoolClassroom expansionRadiator covers and classroom expansions$41,500P.J. Kennedy Elementary SchoolSite improvementsGrant funded new astroturf field$75,000Oliver Hazard Perry SchoolSchoolyardGrant-funded schoolyard renovations$54,000Quincy Elementary SchoolClassroom expansionKindergarten classroom expansions$23,477Mary Lyon, Warren-Prescott, Orchard Gardens SchoolsRubberized surfaceNew rubber surface for playgrounds$120,000Sarah Greenwood SchoolBoiler replacementNew boilers and classroom controls$654,000Security at 18 SchoolsSecurityCard key access and security cameras at:Trotter, Holland, Holmes, Kenny, Perkins, Perry, BTU, Gardner, Eliot, Guild, Mason, Manning, Mendell, Sumner, Curley, Conley, Roosevelt Lower, Tobin$1,500,000Sumner Elementary SchoolSchoolyardPhase I schoolyard renovations$18,000Tech Boston AcademyGym renovationGym floor and bleachers$180,000Warren-Prescott SchoolToilet partitionsRemoval and replacement of toilet partitions$95,000TOTAL$13,661,515"
Boston Public Library is loaning 36 medieval and early Renaissance manuscripts and printed books from its collections to three area cultural institutions, part of an ambitious collaborative project entitledBeyond Words: Illuminated Manuscripts in Boston Collections.The largest ever exhibition of medieval and Renaissance books held in North America, the BPL items date from the 10thcentury to the early 16thcentury, part of the LibrarysMedieval and Early Renaissance Manuscripts Collection of Distinction. The materials will be featured at the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum, the McMullen Museum at Boston College, and Houghton Library at Harvard University from September 2016 to January 2017. For more information about the exhibitions, visitwww.beyondwords2016.org.These illuminated manuscripts and bound books represent a crucial period in the Western evolution of writing and reading, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library. This first of its kind collaborative exhibition is an exciting opportunity for the Boston Public Library to put our collection on display, and make these objects viewable and easily accessible to the public.The Boston Public Librarys early manuscripts collection is astounding in its breadth and overall quality. Scholars come to Boston from around the world in order to study these artifacts, said Jay Moschella, Curator of Rare Books at the Boston Public Library and one of the facilitators of the exhibition for the library.In preparation for the exhibition all of the BPLs 36 items have been appraised, cataloged, and in some cases conserved and/or digitized. This work has been made possible with funding support from The Associates of the Boston Public Library, an independent, nonprofit organization dedicated to conserving the Boston Public Librarys special collections of rare books, manuscripts, prints, and other items of historic interest.The Associates of the Boston Public Library is honored to have helped make this extraordinary exhibition a reality, said Vivian Spiro, Board Chairman of the Associates of the Boston Public Library. The collaboration among area institutions, as well as the manuscripts themselves, show that Boston is still a major cultural center, relative to the rest of the country.These unique and ancient manuscripts are some of the best sources for understanding the Middle Ages and the Renaissance. Revealing many elements of the artistic, intellectual, and spiritual life of the period, they date from the 10th through early 16th centuries and cover a wide range of subjects. They also represent a wide variety of schools of both script and illumination in France, Italy, Spain, the Netherlands, Germany, and England.Many of the exhibited items from the BPLs collection are superbly illuminated with exquisite miniatures. Some noteworthy volumes include a 10th-century lectionary from the Benedictine Abbey of St. Allyre in Clermont, one of the earliest codices in New England the so-calledRosary Joan the Mad, an extraordinarily beautiful Psalter prepared for Joan, Queen of Castile by the master Flemish miniaturist Simon Bening theChronique Anonyme Universelle, a 34 15th-century genealogical scroll detailing the history of the world from creation through the 1440s an early 15th-century copy of Christine de PisansLe Livre de Trois Vertus, considered by scholars to be among the earliest and truest versions of her text and the only surviving Dutch illuminated manuscript of Saint AugustinesCity of God, written in the late 15thcentury.The very nature of these texts renders them unique and rare. Executed in European monasteries or later in scriptoria, these manuscripts document the history of human thought from the 10th through early 16th centuries.Totaling 260 objects,Beyond Words: Illuminated Manuscripts in Boston Collectionsfeatures materials from 19 Boston-area institutions, including the BPL, Museum of Fine Arts, and Wellesley College, among many others. The manuscripts assembled are included in a singlecatalogwith contributions from 85 international scholars, edited by co-curators Jeffrey Hamburger, William P. Stoneman, Anne-Marie Eze, Lisa Fagin Davis and Nancy Netzer and published by the McMullen Museum.Image Credit:Psalter in Latin, c.a. 1250. Courtesy of the Boston Public Library Rare Books DepartmentAbout BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
Boston Public Library honors Hispanic Heritage Month (September 15  October 15) annually through publishing theLatino Life booklist,a list of recent books concerning the Hispanic experience. A wide range of genres are included, such as biography, historical and contemporary issues, and fiction. Sandra Cisneros'A House of My Own: Stories from My Life,In the Country We Love: My Family Dividedby Diane Guerrero, former Glee star Naya Rivera'sSorry Not Sorry: Dreams, Mistakes, and Growing Up, andWhat We Becomeby Arturo Prez-Reverte are just a sampling of the list of over seventy titles.I am thankful to the members of the committee who curated this excellent book list and am confident the variety of recommendations for Hispanic Heritage month will be enjoyed by readers I encourage library users to share feedback on the titles and their favorite authors, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library.Each book on the list is briefly summarized. This work was performed by a committee of Boston Public library staff members. Copies of the booklist will be available next week at all Boston Public Librarylocations across the city, and themed programs and activities celebrating the month can be found through searching theBPL calendar.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"BOSTON -Friday, September 16, 2016- City of Boston City Archaeologist Joseph Bagley unveiled a trove of artifacts recovered from a dig at the Washington Garden at the Old North Church this week. The artifacts revealed a snapshot of English, Irish, Jewish, and Italian immigrant life in the mid to late 1800s, including ceramic pottery, children's toys, and a clay tobacco pipe with an Irish shamrock design.The artifacts were discovered in what Bagley describes as one of the best privies unearthed in Boston. (A privy is toilet or waste disposal area often rich in historic artifacts.) Other artifacts that were found include wooden clothes pins, animal bone, religious figurines, medicine bottles, and more.For more images and updates, follow the City's Archaeology Program onFacebook.""I'm excited to see the rich history of this historic neighborhood come to life through these artifacts,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""We've explored privies in the North End before, but not one that captures a complete snapshot of the immigrant story. This is an exciting discovery that offers a real-life glimpse into our past.""According to Bagley, the archaeology helps tells the story of everyday Bostonians who are often lost to history.""The main takeaway here is that history is more than just what's been written down,"" said Bagley. ""Lots of personal stories just get lost to time. Archaeology is one of the best ways to reveal those stories, and bring them back from the past. The people who lived in this house did not have the economic means to really be part of the group who were recorded in Boston's history.""Neighborhood residents and City of Boston staff pitched in to help make the dig a success by volunteering on site.Volunteers and visitors were welcomed to the site when it was announced in Juneand when the survey picked up against in late August.The dig was a collaboration between the City of Boston and the Old North Church Foundation, which reached out to the City's Archaeology Program ahead of a new project for the Washington Garden. The Old North Foundation and the Beacon Hill Garden Club will reconfigure the garden into an outdoor classroom featuring 18th century plantings and a large glass-and-water feature etched with Longfellow's poem: ""Paul Revere's Ride."" Future work on the Longfellow Garden is supported by the Old North Church Foundation, the Beacon Hill Garden Club, the GardenClubs of America, Citizens Bank, the Society of Colonial Wars,and the Freedom Trail Foundation.""I am grateful to Mayor Walsh for the work of Joe Bagley on the campus of Old North Church. Joe's research gives us a much better sense of the rich history of our neighborhood and is invaluable as the Old North Foundation prepares to restore the campus in time for Old North's 300thbirthday in 2023,"" said Rev. Stephen T. Ayres of the Old North Church. ""We can't wait until Joe returns this winter to conduct a new dig in the tombs beneath the church.""Bagley and his team conducted an archaeological survey in 2013 behind the 1715 Clough House at 21 Unity Street, also owned by Old North Church. On this previous Old North Church survey, they found more than 40,000 artifacts dating back 300 years."
"On Sunday, September 18, at 2 p.m. Boston Public Library President David Leonard will welcome Caoimhghin  Fraithile (Ireland) andMichael Dowling (Boston-US/Ireland) to the Central Library in Copley Square for a discussion about public art, the Irish influence on art in Boston, and their work which is featured in the temporary public art project, Tr na ng, now on view in the Back Bay Fens.Over the past year, weve seen incredible energy around public art installations in Boston, said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. Projects like Tr na ng promote public discourse, bringing people together in conversation and helping us reach the goals of the Boston Creates Cultural Plan.We are thrilled to see it in the Fens and look forward to hearing from the artists.The Boston Public Library is a supporter of arts and culture in the City of Boston and were thrilled to lead this conversation exploring themes of creativity, healing, public art, space, and inspiration with these two internationally acclaimed artists who are enlivening one of Bostons beloved parks this summer and fall, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library.Caoimhghin  Fraithile is a visual artist who creates drawings and large-scale temporary and permanent site-specific works that reflect the transient nature of the world, humanity, and our place within nature. His work is also featured as part ofHy-Brasil: Mapping a Mythical Island,an exhibition currently on display in the Norman B. Leventhal Map Center at the Boston Public Library. For twenty five years, Michael Dowling has been harnessing his art and his artistic vision to create needed places for people to gather and to heal. He has served as the Artist in Residence at multiple organizations, most recently at Brandeis University.Medicine Wheel Productions, a community-based arts organization in South Boston, is the lead organization for the Tr na ng project and is working in collaboration with the Fenway Alliance, a non-profit membership service and advocacy organization dedicated to the prosperity and growth of the Fenway Cultural District.The two artists were commissioned by Medicine Wheel Productions under the curatorialsupport of MWP Chief Curator Kathleen Bitetti to create two site-specific artworksin the Back Bay Fens section of Bostons Emerald Necklace Park System designed by Frederick Law Olmsted. Fraithiles floating piece, ""South of Hy-Brasil,"" and Michael Dowlings piece, ""Well House, can both be viewed from the banks of the MFA Lagoon in the Back Bay Fens.Tr na ngis part of Culture Irelands 2016 Centennial - a global initiative to mark the centenary of the 1916 Easter Rising which set Ireland on it path for independence.WHERE: Rabb Hall, Central Library in Copley Square, 700 Boylston Street, BostonWHEN: Sunday, September 18, at 2 p.m.WHO:"
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF,) is currently enrolling youth participants, age 6-17, for the annual BCYF Citywide Swim League. Every year, over 300 young swimmers participate in the BCYF Swim League. In addition to improving swimming skills, participants make new friends and enjoy visits to other Boston swimming pools for meets. The league is a developmental league and serves as an introduction to competitive swimming so experience on a swim team is not necessary. Participants must be able to swim one length of the pool. The regular season meets are held once a week beginning in November. The Championship Meet will take place in March.To sign up to participate, e-mail or call the contact listed below. For more information, contact Antonio Rosario, BCYF Aquatics Manager, at Antonio.Rosario@boston.gov or 617-635-4920 ext. 2150.Teams and Contact Info:B.E.S.T. OrcasLocations: Dorchester House, 1353 Dorchester Avenue BCYF Madison Park Community Center, 55 Malcolm X Boulevard, Roxbury BCYF Holland Community Center, 85 Olney Street, Dorchester.Contact: best.orcas@gmail.comBCYF Blackstone Community Center50 West Brookline Street, South EndContact: Marco Torres, Marco.Torres@boston.gov 617-635-5162BCYF Condon Community Center200 D Street, South BostonContact: James Warren, James.Warren@boston.gov 617-635-5100BCYF Charlestown Community Center255 Medford StreetContact: Bob McGann, Robert.McGann@boston.Gov 617-635-5169BCYF Curtis Hall Community Center20 South Street, Jamaica PlainContact: Ramon Espinal, Ramon.Espinal@boston.gov 617-635-5195BCYF Draper Pool Blue Fins5275 Washington Street, West RoxburyContact: Armond Washington, Armondo.Washington@boston.gov 617-635-5021BCYF Flaherty Pool160 Florence Street, RoslindaleContact: Louis Barnes, LouisJ.Barnes@boston.gov 617-635-5181BCYF Hennigan Community Center200 Heath Street, Jamaica PlainContact: Vicki Hernandez, Victoria.Hernadez@boston.gov 617-635-5198BCYF Holland Community Center85 Olney Street, DorchesterContact: Sounja Bynoe, Sounja.Bynoe@boston.gov 617-635-5144BCYF Leahy-Holloran Community Center1 Worrell Street, DorchesterContact: Lisa Zinck, Lisa.Zinck@boston.gov 617-635-5150BCYF Madison Park Community Center55 Malcolm X Boulevard, RoxburyContact: Mamenasha Tesfaye, Mamenasha.Tesfaye@boston.gov 617-635-5206BCYF Mason Pool159 Norfolk Avenue, RoxburyContact: Andres Ramirez, Andres.Ramirez@boston.gov 617-635-5241BCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center5 Mildred Avenue, MattapanContact: Dorian Barcus, Dorian.Barcus@boston.gov 617-635-1328BCYF Paris Street Pool Great White Sharks112 Paris Street, East BostonContact: Abdel Lahlali, Abdelmoula.Lahlali@boston.gov 617 635 1410BCYF Perkins Community Center155 Talbot Avenue, DorchesterContact: Jeremy Monteiro, Jeremy.Monteiro@boston.gov 617-635-5146BCYF Quincy Community Center Rubber Duckies885 Washington Street, ChinatownContact: Helen Wong, Helen.Wong@boston.gov 617-635-5129
Road closures will be in effect and parking will be restricted in Downtown Boston and Chinatown from Monday, September 19 through Thursday, September 22, 2016 as follows.Monday, September 19 into Tuesday, September 20Downtown BostonTuesday, September 20 into Wednesday, September 21Downtown BostonWednesday, September 21 into Thursday, September 22Chinatown
"BOSTON -Thursday, September 15, 2016- Continuing to build on Boston's commitment to create 6,500 new units of affordable housing by 2030, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that applications for a total of $14 million of funding for affordable housing are available. The funds will be awarded via two competitive Requests for Proposals (RFPs).The RFPs, which are available from the City'sDepartment of Neighborhood Development (DND), outline criteria for potential developments and the process by which developments will be selected to receive funding.""We must keep Boston equitable and affordable for all of our residents,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""This funding will help us continue to build a pipeline of affordable housing, giving us the ability to reach the ambitious goals laid out in our housing plan.""The two separate RFPs are valued at $7 million each, and outline a set of priorities for developments that align with the strategic goals ofHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030, the Walsh Administration's housing plan. These priorities include:The funds are drawn from several sources, including $7 million from the Neighborhood Housing Trust, which is the administrator of funds that are created through the City's Linkage policy. Linkage is the City directive through which developers of commercial properties make contributions to the City for affordable housing, based on a formula calculated per square foot of commercial space constructed.The remainder of the funds come from other sources including the City'sInclusionary Development Fund (IDP). IDP funds come to the City when developers of residential properties of more than ten units choose to fulfill their affordable housing obligation to the city by submitting a ""cash-in-lieu"" payment, rather than building affordable units on-site.Mayor Walsh signed an Executive Orderupdating the IDP to increase developer contributions in December 2015.In addition to the funds from the IDP, the City is also making funding available from Federal monies includingHOMEandCDBG, along with City operating funds. City funds are used as ""gap"" funds, where developers of affordable projects are able to demonstrate the need for City funding. When using City funds, developers are required to follow specific guidelines, including following streamlined design standards, energy efficient standards, and adhering to specific income limits for prospective renters or homeowners.Since becoming mayor, Mayor Walsh has made more than $70 million in funding available to create affordable housing in the City of Boston. Nearly 20 percent of Boston's housing stock is deed-restricted affordable housing, which is among the highest shares in the nation."
"BOSTON -September 14, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh will today visit Boston's iconic Freedom Trail to celebrate the award-winning Granary Burying Ground restoration project and extensive improvements to the Freedom Trail, now in its 65thyear. At 12:30 p.m., Mayor Walsh will join Boston Parks Commissioner Chris Cook, Public Works Commissioner Michael Dennehy, City officials and Freedom Trail Foundation members to review the recent work completed along the Trail.""Boston's Freedom Trail is an important landmark for our City and region,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""These improvement projects will make the Freedom Trail more accessible, and will help guide residents and visitors to Boston's popular historic treasures over the coming years.""The Boston Parks and Recreation Department's Historic Burying Ground Initiative's project to restore the Granary Burying Ground grand entryway, dating back to 1840, included the removal of the entire 315-foot fence, requiring close inspection, removal of rust and paint and repainting. Fence pieces were recast and many pickets needed to be lengthened to re-anchor to the granite wall. Cracks in the granite wall and piers were repaired, and a chunk of missing granite wall was replaced as were brick shims under the granite wall. Once repainted and restored, the fence was reinstalled along the repaired granite wall. The final stage of the project included the cleaning of the impressive granite wall and gateway using specialized cleaning materials. The year-long project, completed by landscape architect, Kyle Zick, and contractor, Woven Steel, received an annual Massachusetts Historical Commission Preservation Award this year. Now in its 38thyear, the preservation awards presented the awards to 12 other entities' projects throughout the Commonwealth. Boston's Historic Burying Grounds Initiative received $41,000 from the Freedom Trail Foundation's Preservation Fund for the project. The City of Boston's Historic Burying Grounds Initiative's capital improvement budget annual appropriation, the Fund for Parks and Recreation, and grants from the George B. Henderson Foundation and Freedom Trail Foundation's Preservation Fund covered the estimated $283,585 project construction costs.Built in 1660, the Granary is Boston's and the Northeast's most visited historic burying ground with over one million annual visitors. The restored entryway helps to create an improved first impression to this historic site on the Freedom Trail. The Granary project, along with the Freedom Trail Foundation's $125,000 support of a $300,000 landscape restoration undertaking in 2011, helped to improve and maintain the heavily-trafficked historic site.The extensive improvements project to the physical Freedom Trail, completed by the Department of Public Works, included replacing all sections of sidewalk under City jurisdiction in need of repair and upgrading 30 pedestrian ramps to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA), including the Tremont Street section in front of the Granary Burying Ground from Park Street to Beacon Street.In addition to the Tremont Street section, improvements have been completed on School Street in Downtown Boston and in the North End on Hanover Street from Cross Street to Richmond Street, Hull Street from Copp's Hill Burying Ground to Commercial Street, and Commercial Street from Hull Street to North Washington Street. In 2015, the Department installed approximately 1,400 feet of new walking surface in over 60 locations from Boston Common to Bunker Hill. As of August 2015, nearly 8 percent of the 2.5-mile Freedom Trail, including sections of Hull Street and Hanover Street in the North End were replaced and more sidewalk replacements were underway, with a total project cost of $700,000.This maintenance work is in addition to the City's Connect Historic Boston project, which will fully reconstruct Joy Street, Commercial Street, Blackstone Block and Constitution Road. Connect Historic Boston is funded, in part, through the Federal Highway Administration's Transportation Investment Generating Economic Recovery (TIGER) grant program and is a result of a partnership between the City of Boston, the Federal Highway Administration and the National Parks Service to improve non-vehicular access to historic sites in the City. Over the course of the next two years, the $25 million project, managed by the Public Works Department, will add another 1,800 feet of new construction to the Freedom Trail.In 2014, the City replaced nearly 2,000 feet of the painted sections of the historic Freedom Trail in Charlestown, Downtown Crossing and the North End with a new thermoplastic treatment. The multi-colored strips have helped to eliminate time consuming, seasonal painting, reducing maintenance costs and improving historic site way-finding, and are expected to last up to eight years.""With over four million people enjoying the Freedom Trail and our great city's historic sites annually, the City of Boston's restoration of the Granary Burying Ground and Freedom Trail improvement efforts are commendable,"" said Freedom Trail Foundation Executive Director Suzanne Taylor. ""The City of Boston's hard work has made a significant difference to the Granary's grand entryway, and will help residents and visitors navigate the Freedom Trail to experience each of the Trail's 16 sites year-round.""In celebration of the Freedom Trail's 65thanniversary, the Freedom Trail Foundation will work to redesign the official Freedom Trail website, and create a Freedom Trail signage proposal in partnership with the City of Boston with planning support from a Tourism Cares grant.The Freedom Trail is a 2.5-mile path that traces through Downtown Boston, the North End and Charlestown leading to 16 nationally significant sites. The Trail includes a variety of historic sites, including museums, meeting houses, churches, a ship, historic markers, parks and burying grounds, all telling the story of the American Revolution."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, September 14, 2016- The City of Boston's Office of Arts and Culture, in partnership with the Mayor's Mural Crew, the Boston Art Commission and Mass Poetry, today unveiled ""Raining Poetry 2.0,"" the second round of public art installations that reveal invisible poetry on the city's sidewalks during rainfall. Building on the success of the first installations that were unveiled in May, these four new installations are currently available for viewing in different locations across the city.""Since it was first announced in May, Raining Poetry has received an overwhelmingly positive response from the public who were thrilled to see more public art in their neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am excited we are able to add more of these creative installations in new languages to our streets in Boston, adding to our collection of public art and catching the attention of passerby's in new and exciting ways.""The project was initiated to showcase more public art in the city, as well as illustrate the local heritage of different Boston neighborhoods. In the first ""Raining Poetry"" installation,Boston Poet Laureate Danielle Georges selected the first four poems by poets with ties to Massachusetts. For the new round of installations,poems are in either English or Haitian Creole to reflect the neighborhoods where they reside.The new installations include:""We're thrilled at the response that the initial installation received, including requests from communities all across the world to make it rain poetry where they live,"" said Sara Siegel, Program Director for Mass Poetry. ""Mass Poetry's mission is to bring poetry to the people and we are proud to be able to do so with such an innovative public art project.""To ensure the installations display properly, the Mayor's Mural Crew usesbiodegradable water-repellent spray that vanishes when dry, so the poems remain invisible until it rains. Once wet, the area around the poem darkens, exposing the poem to those passing by.""We hope innovative ideas like these help connect residents to their community by literally putting the city's art at their feet,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. ""This an incredible opportunity to partner with Mass Poetry and the Boston Arts Commission, and we are so thankful for the hard work of the Mayor's Mural Crew in designing these installations and expanding our 'Concrete Library' of poetry.""To date, the City's Mural Crew has installed eight poems at eight different locations. The previous four installations include: Dudley Square Caf (Lower Roxbury), The Strand Theater (Uphams Corner, Dorchester), Adams Park (Roslindale) and Hyde Park Public Library (Hyde Park). For more information about the Mayor's Mural crew, please visithere, and for more information about Mass Poetry, please visithere."
Hub on Wheels, the Mayors Cup Bike Races and other scheduled activities will impact traffic and parking on local streets in Boston from Thursday, September 17, through Sunday, September 18, 2016. To travel to these events, information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.thehubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round trip rather than a one-way ticket.Mayors Cup Bike Races and Fitness EventsOn Saturday, September 17, the Mayors Cup bike races and the Boston Social Fitness Festival will take place in the vicinity of Boston City Hall and on City Hall Plaza. The following streets will be closed to all traffic from 9 AM to 6 PM on Saturday to accommodate these events and drivers are cautioned that traffic in the surrounding vicinity is expected to be heavy throughout the day.Hub on WheelsHub on Wheels will take place on Sunday, September 18. The following streets will be closed to traffic from 7 AM to 9 AM on Sunday to accommodate this event.Tow Zone No Stopping, Boston Police Special Event, Saturday and Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows for these events.Tow Zone No Stopping, Boston Police Special Event, SaturdayTow Zone No Stopping, Boston Police Special Event, SundayThursday, September 15Friday, September16Saturday, September 17Sunday, September 18
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Boston Transportation Department and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, in partnership with the World Economic Forum, today announced the launch of a new program to explore autonomous technologies within the City of Boston. The collaboration will include a year-long engagement focused on creating policy recommendations and supporting on-street testing of autonomous vehicles, also known as self-driving vehicles, to advance the safety, access and sustainability goals identified by the public during the Go Boston 2030 transportation planning process.""Boston's collaboration with the World Economic Forum represents our commitment to creating a safe, reliable and equitable mobility plan for Boston's residents. We are focused on the future of our city and how we safely move people around while providing them with reliable mobility choices,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""With our start-ups and educational institutions, Boston is a leader in technology, robotics and innovation. Together with our partners, we know the City of Boston is ready to lead the charge on this transformative technology.""Boston was selected as the lead partner city for the World Economic Forum's City Challenge, an initiative designed to support cities in their efforts to prepare for the future of urban mobility. With the help of the Forum and its knowledge partner, The Boston Consulting Group, the City of Boston will develop a strategy for new mobility including autonomous driving, and develop a framework for the testing of autonomous vehicles on city streets.""Boston distinguished itself in the application process with its strong appetite and track record in civic innovation and some very thoughtful questions about the intersection of vehicle automation and shared mobility,"" said John Moavenzadeh, Head of Mobility Industries at the World Economic Forum. ""Our advisory board, which is a cross-industry group of public and private sector experts, overwhelmingly felt that Boston provided the best opportunity for learning and advancement of new models of mobility. ""Over the course of the next year City of Boston and Commonwealth of Massachusetts leaders will work with the World Economic Forum, The Boston Consulting Group, international cities and mobility industry leaders on developing policy goals and autonomous vehicle testing scenarios for Boston. The collaboration kicked-off in July with an advisory group meeting in Boston led by Mayor Walsh focused on exploring autonomous shared vehicle technology and will continue with a series of targeted focus groups being conducted in the coming weeks.""Shared, autonomous vehicles have the potential to fundamentally improve urban transportation by enhancing accessibility for the city's residents and increasing road safety. We are excited to be engaging with the City of Boston during the coming months on making this vision for urban mobility a reality,"" said Nikolaus Lang, Senior Partner at The Boston Consulting Group.This work with Boston builds on prior World Economic Forum research into Personal Mobility and Self-Driving Vehicles, conducted in 2015 in partnership with The Boston Consulting Group, and the Future of Cities. The results show that improving affordable transportation options could be the biggest factor contributing to individuals escaping poverty. Additionally, results indicate that autonomous vehicles, when shared, have the potential to take 60-70% of cars off the road. Because this would significant reduce crashes due to human error, it is projected that autonomous vehicles could reduce road fatalities by up to 90%. Furthermore, since autonomous vehicles would likely be electric, we would expect to reduce emissions from vehicles by 2-4%.While industry experts agree self-driving cars will be a significant presence on U.S. roads by 2030, complete regulations have not been put into place to prepare for them. Boston and World Economic Forum's partnership directly complements and draws upon the efforts of Go Boston 2030 and will include an autonomous vehicle pilot, which will be instrumental in guiding Boston and other cities through the process of integrating, and maximizing benefit from, new mobility technologies.The self-driving vehicle initiative is an early action project ofGo Boston 2030, the City's transportation planning effort. The effort is being led by the Boston Transportation Department and the Mayor's Mobility Plan Advisory Committee. In addition to developing a long term strategic plan, Go Boston 2030 is identifying specific initiatives for immediate implementation.The World Economic Forum, committed to improving the state of the world, is the International Organization for Public-Private Cooperation. The Forum engages the foremost political, business and other leaders of society to shape global, regional and industry agendas."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, September 13, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the City of Boston's Public Facilities Department, and the Boston Public Schools (BPS) were joined by the Massachusetts School Building Authority and Gilbane Inc. to celebrate a major milestone in the construction of the Dearborn Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM) Academy, as the school hosted a topping off ceremony. The topping off ceremony of Boston's first STEM school marked the completion of the new building's structural steel. The project is slated to be completed in December 2017.""The topping off of the Dearborn STEM Academy is a major step forward in ensuring every Boston student has the resources and facilities they need to thrive,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This state-of-the-art facility paves the way for a strong future. As the first new school construction project the City has undertakenin 15 years, the Dearborn shows that Boston is committed to investing in our public education system. Countless students will benefit from the new Dearborn, and I thank all of our partners who are making this new school possible.""The school is funded through Building a Better Boston, Mayor Walsh's $1.9 billion five-year capital plan. In addition, the $73 million project is utilizing state grant funds, and will be reimbursed upwards of $37 million by the Massachusetts School Building Authority (""MSBA"").The design of the new school is based upon a project-based learning curriculum, with an emphasis on STEM education. There will be a Learning Commons on the ground floor that will include a state-of-the-art library/media center, educational classrooms, and science laboratories that will provide an ideal environment for 21stcentury learning. ""From day one, the Mayor, myself, and all respective partnering agencies have been committed to ensuring that these children have access to classrooms that are state-of-the-art learning spaces,"" said BPS Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""I extend my gratitude to all who made this possible. Upon its completion in December next year, the Dearborn building will not only be a school to students, but it will also be a home away from home, supporting the most effective school practices to guide every student to a pathway of success.""""The Academy will ultimately serve a diverse, cross-representation of students, faculty, and staff and will stand as an educational platform to engage students in learning opportunities related to the construction trades,"" said Ryan E. Hutchins, Gilbane Senior Vice President. ""There are so many people who are an integral part of this team who have embraced the challenges of this critical community project, with impressive results and milestones to date. In addition, in conjunction with the City of Boston Residents program and our joint commitment to a diverse workforce, we are proud to share that the current workforce on-site is comprised of 44% Boston residents, 50% minorities and 10.4% females.""The newDearbornwill be four-story, 128,000 square foot new building. It is designed for 600 students in grades 6-12.The forward-thinking academic program envisioned by the Dearborn Community emphasizes project and problem-based teaching and learning, integrated (cross-discipline) curriculum development and delivery, team teaching and faculty/student collaboration.The design of the new school is based upon the project-based learning curriculum. The academic spaces are organized by cohort. Each cohort will include educational classrooms, science laboratories, and special education instructional space and has access to shared amenities including a Cohort Commons and a Cohort Office. A state-of-the-art library/media center is located on the main floor adjacent to the main entrance. Facilitative Learning Centers within the classrooms include control panels where teachers can energize integrated technology tools such as interactive electronic white boards. The school will have a 50-100 seat Band Room, 50-100 seat Chorus Room, and an 11,500 sf Health and Physical Education space which includes a full-size gymnasium and 2,500 square foot weight and dance/exercise rooms.The new Dearborn will prepare its students for the ever-evolving landscape of college, career and life opportunities. Dearborn students will graduate with the 21st century skills and will be prepared and motivated to serve as thoughtful, engaged citizens, who contribute to the health, vibrancy and development of their community."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, September 13, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launched311 for Recovery Services, the City of Boston's new hotline support system designed to help people struggling with substance use and addiction to access recovery resources.Anyone in the city of Boston can now call 311, twenty four hours a day, seven days a week to access:""We have an incredibly committed treatment community in the City and State health departments and across our city's network of providers, yet many people in Boston still need help accessing addiction recovery services,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""311, the City of Boston's 24/7 hotline for constituent services, has proven successful at providing constituents access to basic municipal services. Under the leadership of the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services, this new initiative will offer residents access to comprehensive recovery services through 311.""311 operators will receive all recovery calls on the front end. Once a call is identified as a recovery services call, it will be referred to a Providing Access to Addictions Treatment, Hope and Support (PAATHS) Recovery Specialist. The call will be conferenced through to PAATHS. A Recovery Specialist will then work with the caller to determine the most relevant services based upon their need.BPHC projects that this 311 integration will increase the number of weekly PAATHS calls from 100 to 300, and consequently increase the number of people connected to vital recovery services.PAATHS recovery specialists will directly receive calls seven days a week,MondaythroughFriday,8 a.m. to 6 p.m.and on weekends fromnoon to 4 p.m. All calls placed to 311 during recovery specialists' off hours will be referred to the State's comprehensive addiction support line, The Helpline, or to designated overnight recovery coach staff located within the Gavin Foundation.""We anticipate that311 for Recovery Serviceswill increase constituents' overall awareness and access to recovery services in Boston,"" said Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) Executive Director Monica Valdes Lupi, JD, MPH. ""The service supports our efforts to serve residents battling substance use and addiction, meeting people where they are with the support and services they need. People using the service will never be placed on hold and the recovery service specialists will be committed to identifying the unique path that best fits their recovery needs.""311 for Recovery Servicesis coordinated by the Mayor's Office of Recovery Services (ORS) and is supported by full-time recovery specialist staff members located at PAATHS. PAATHS, a program within BPHC, is the City of Boston's comprehensive program providing access to all levels of addiction treatment services.311 for Recovery Serviceswas funded through the FY17 budget process. The FY17 investment will enable the program to scale up its services through integration with the Boston 311 service to meet increased demand for these services. The Mayor's Office of Recovery Services has prioritized increasing access to care and decreasing barriers and has partnered with Boston 311, the city's innovative and nationally recognized municipal service application, to meet this goal.In addition to the full time recovery specialists at PAATHS, this initiative depends on a strong continuum of key partnerships at the City, State, and local provider level, including:""311 for Recovery Servicesis set up in such a way that there is always someone available to help,"" said ORS Director Jennifer Tracey. ""While some treatment placements are not available for access overnight, thanks to our strong partnership continuum, there is always a trained recovery professional available to talk.""You can learn more information about 311 for Recovery Services in ourinformational video."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, September 13, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh in partnership with the American Association of University Women (AAUW) and the Office of Women's Advancement today announced the fall series of free salary negotiation workshops available to every woman in the City of Boston. The program, ""AAUW Work Smart in Boston,"" is part of a five year partnership between the City and AAUW aimed at training half of Boston's working women, or 85,000 women, over the next five years. A full list of upcoming workshops is availablehere.""Last September we launched the first salary negotiation workshops in partnership with AAUW, with the goal of getting one step closer to closing the gender wage gap in the City of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""One year laterwe have seen that not only is there a significant demand for these types of opportunities for women to learn these skills, but that the workshops are making a real difference, training over 1,500 women in the first year. I'm excited that we are able to continue offering these tools for women to use at the negotiating table.""In the United States as a whole, women working full time are typicallypaid 79 percentof what men are paid, and the gap is widerfor women of color. The gender pay gap startsjust one yearout of college, and intensifiesover the course of a career.The Office of Women's Advancement and AAUW are committed to closing the gender wage gap through education and community support. By offering AAUW Work Smart salary negotiation workshops, the City of Boston and AAUW hope to ensure women have the knowledge to negotiate fair and equitable salaries and set a benchmark for future salary increases.The AAUW Work Smart workshops are free and open to the public.Attendees will participate in a two-hour workshop and will learn four key skills:""I am so grateful for this partnership with AAUW, and am excited to see the impact this will have on empowering working women in Boston and closing the gender wage gap, both in Boston and beyond,"" said Megan Costello, Executive Director of the Office of Women's Advancement.""These workshops are necessary because equal pay should not depend on where you live or where you work. AAUW is proud to collaborate with the Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement on this vital program,"" said AAUW President Patricia Fae Ho.Workshops will be provided in every neighborhood throughout Boston. A list of the fall workshops can be found online. Attendees will also be invited to participate in several networking opportunities following the workshops to form professional partnerships and develop pipelines for leadership. Please note: Out of respect of privacy for workshop attendees, all workshops are closed to the press unless otherwise noted or with pre-approval by the Mayor's press office.Members of the press are invited to attend the following workshops:About AAUW Work SmartCreated for working women, AAUW Work Smart is an interactive workshop that teaches women to evaluate, negotiate, and articulate their worth confidently in the job market. Whether striving for a promotion, asking for a raise, or negotiating a new salary, attendees learn how to conduct objective research to establish an equitable target salary. Expert facilitators lead discussions on the gender wage gap and its personal effects, while small group activities and role-play exercises give participants the opportunity to create and perfect their persuasive pitch.About the Mayor's Office of Women's AdvancementThe Office of Women's Advancement is committed to advancing and supporting women in Boston. The office provides a permanent, effective voice for all female residents of Boston by working inclusively with public, private, and non-profit partners on key issues that significantly affect women and girls. The office advocates for equal opportunity for women in all arenas of our city, and provides educational opportunities for women that emphasize economic equality, and the health and safety of all women."
"BOSTON -Monday, September 12, 2016- First launched in July, Mayor Martin J. Walsh will continue to host the City's first Memory Cafe, ""Thanks for the Memories,"" this fall. The cafes are a partnership between the Elderly Commission's Boston Alzheimer's Initiative and The Grove Hall Center for Youth and Families, in addition to other community partners.Memory Cafes originated in the Netherlands in 1997 and have since spread to the UK, Australia and thirty-seven states across the US. They are places where individuals experiencing memory loss and their caretakers can meet in a safe, social environment to share resources and support one another.""I understand the toll Alzheimer's takes on a family, and the love and patience that is required to care for someone with the disease. Memory cafes are one way Boston can help relieve the burden and provide additional support,"" said Mayor Walsh.The first memory Cafe was held on July 11. There were 20 people from across Boston in attendance and they participated in a painting class led by Dot Art, and refreshments donated by the Haley House, Target South Bay and Grove Hall Stop and Shop. Others engaged in conversation, talking about their experiences living with Alzheimer's or taking care of someone with Alzheimer's and shared advice and support.The August cafe attracted more residents and featured an art activity guided by Friendship Works and presentations by the Boston Alzheimer's Initiative, The Boston University Alzheimer's Disease Center, Boston Elder Info and Caregiver Homes.On September 12,the theme of the caf is ""Meet Me at the Grove Hall BCYF Senior Center and Make Memories."" Participants will enjoy classic film clips and engage in discussion led by The I'm Still Here Foundation. The mission of the foundation is to develop and evaluate innovative, non-pharmacological approaches to helping people with cognitive challenges. The focus in on implementing inclusive community-based arts and culture programming such as the event planned for the September 12caf.In 2014,it was estimated that 10,000 Bostonians were grappling with Alzheimer's and other dementias. As the population of older adults in Boston continues to grow, more support is required to effectively respond to their needs -including emotional and social needs. Caring for loved ones experiencing dementia can be especially draining on caretakers, and programs like Memory Cafes are a place where caretakers will be able to get support and resources.The Grove Hall Memory Cafe will meet monthly on the firstMondayof the month, except when the Center is closed for City of Boston Holidays. On those days, the Cafe will resume on the followingMonday.Future cafe's will include art, music, featured speakers and trips to museums and movies in partnership with The l'm Still Here Foundation.The firstMondayof every month,11:30 a.m. - 1:30 p.m.Boston Center for Youth and FamiliesGrove Hall51 Geneva Ave., Dorchester, MA 02121"
"BOSTON -Monday, September 12, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City of Boston has completed more than 10,000 units under the administration's housing planHousing a Changing City: Boston 2030. In order to accommodate the growth of the city, the plan calls for the creation of 53,000 new units of housing to be created by the year 2030.Along with the 10,486 units completed, 7,242 housing units are currently under construction, another 17,285 are currently in the development review process, and 4,167 are in the pipeline. This brings the total number of units towards the housing plan to just over 39,120 - enough housing for 67,600 new residents.In addition, the administration announced that trends are beginning to show potential stabilization in select high-growth rental markets.""Boston is growing faster than at any time in the last 50 years, and we need to make sure that anyone who wants to help make our city better can afford to live here,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""In today's strong housing market, that means we have to create housing at all levels - from luxury units to housing for seniors and formerly homeless people. I am so pleased that we have reached this milestone, and we are not going to rest until we have reached our goals.""Boston leads the nation in percentage of its housing stock set aside as deed-restricted affordable units. The current round of completions maintains that status, with twenty percent of new units set aside as affordable housing. Of those units, 60 percent are affordable to families making less than 60 percent of Area Median Income (AMI) - a combined household income of $53,000 or below for a family of three. The remaining 40 percent are affordable to middle-income residents - those families with household incomes between $60,000 - $125,000.A fundamental principle of the City's housing plan is that as new housing stock comes on line, it will relieve pressure on the City's existing stock. As people who wish to upgrade do so, the result will be higher vacancy rates in existing stock and diminished pressure on rents. Based on a new City analysis of rental trends, this stabilization appears to be underway in several of the neighborhoods that saw the highest growth. For example, Central Boston saw 3,030 units completed - a 25 percent rate of growth. Rents in older units in this neighborhood have now declined by just over one percent. In the Fenway, which grew by six percent, rents in older units declined by .4 percent. And in the South End, which grew by nearly ten percent, rents in older units only rose .3 percent. To better understand the forces behind rental trends, the City also analyzed job growth in Boston's neighborhoods to understand whether rental prices correlated with significant job growth. Early results point toward this trend bearing out.For example, the neighborhood of South Boston, which includes the Seaport District, grew its housing stock by more than 26 percent, yet still posted a 6 percent increase in rents however, the neighborhood also added enough floorspace to accommodate more than 8,000 new workers, which suggests that supply has not yet caught up with demand. The City will continue to closely monitor these trends on a neighborhood-by-neighborhood basis.The City hopes that increased production in the neighborhoods will also begin to moderate rents outside of the downtown core. Of the 10,000 completed units, 67 percent were downtown, while 33 percent were in the outer neighborhoods however, current trends in permits show a reversal of this trend. Sixty-nine percent of the permit applications in 2016 have been in the outer neighborhoods, with 31 percent in the downtown core. Nearly one-quarter of the completed units represent homeownership opportunities, with that trend continuing to grow as the City sees a shift in permits pulled from rental to condominium. For example, in 2013, 82 percent of permits pulled were for rental property in 2016, that number has decreased to 43 percent.The numbers also demonstrated an almost even split between smaller units and family size units: 52 percent were one bedroom or smaller while 48 percent were two-bedroom units or higher.To begin to identify the remaining units, the City will this week begin convening department heads across agencies to identify even more new strategies for development."
"BOSTON -Monday, September 12, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch of Boston'sAssets for ArtistsProgram, a joint program between the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture and the Massachusetts Museum of Contemporary Art (MASS MoCA) that will offer matched savings grants and professional development workshops to artists in Boston.With financial support from theBoston Cultural Council,Massachusetts Cultural Council,andMassachusetts Growth Capital Corporation, ten or more Boston artists will receive seed grants of $1,000 - $2,000 to invest in the expansion of their creative enterprise. The grants, together with professional development training and individualized support for business planning, are a proven career-building model to help working artists advance their careers. The individualized, professional development trainings cover a range of topics including personal finance, goal-setting, marketing and public relations, and business planning.""As we continue to invest in individual artists in Boston, we are encouraged by the amount of support we've received from our partners in the arts community to help ensure their growth in Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Programs likeAssets for Artistsoffer a range of support services that are helping Boston artists thrive in their chosen profession and contributing to a diverse and creative talent pool in the City of Boston.""Assets for Artistsis a program founded in 2008 by MASS MoCA with the mission to help artist-entrepreneurs achieve financial stability and business growth.Assets for Artistspartners with various cultural organizations to bring its innovative programming to communities throughout the northeast.The program has assisted more than 500 artists in five states, leveraging over $500,000 in working capital for individual artists, while delivering hundreds of hours of practical, artist-focused financial and business training.""It's exciting for us to extend this well-tested program into Boston's vibrant and growing community of artists,"" said MASS MoCA Director Joseph Thompson. ""This program - and Route 2 - is a two-way street: we learn a lot about the differing needs of artists in each community served byAsset for Artists.""Keeping artists in Boston is a stated goal of the Boston Creates Cultural Plan, launched earlier this summer. Assets for Artistswill be a key implementation initiative for the plan, providing educational opportunities and business development training for local artists.""We are so pleased to be able to expand opportunities for Boston artists to receive the well-honed services of theAssets for Artistsprogram,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""It's exciting to bring together this partnership in support of the largest and most diverse artist community of any city in New England.""Assets for Artists is acceptingapplicationsfrom Boston-based artists untilSeptember 30, 2016. For more information about the program and its guidelines, visit their website.Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester.For more information, go to the Office of Arts and Culture's webpage.MASS MoCAis one of the world's liveliest (and largest) centers for making and enjoying today's most important art, music, dance, theater, film, and video. Hundreds of works of visual and performing art have been created on its 19th-century factory campus during fabrication and rehearsal residencies, making MASS MoCA among the most productive sites in the country for the creation and presentation of new art. More platform than box, MASS MoCA strives to bring to its audiences art experiences that are fresh, engaging, and transformative."
"BOSTON -Friday, September 9, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that applications are now available for the 2017 Boston Cultural Council Grants. More than $450,000 will be awarded to organizations and projects in Boston that enhance the quality of life, the economy, the design of the City of Boston and that address the goals of the Boston Creates Cultural Plan.Applications will be accepted untilOctober 17, 2016 at 5:00 p.m.and can be found on the Boston Cultural Commissionwebsite.""The Boston Cultural Council Grants provide local organizations with funding needed to create the programs that help Boston's artists thrive,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By increasing funding for these grants over the past two years, we've been able to support a larger, more diverse group of projects. I look forward to building upon the success of the program to reach even more artists and arts organizations this year."" Grants this year will be made in two categories based on budget size:Successful applications will be specific about how they help grow access to the arts in areas not already well served by cultural opportunities, foster access to the arts for populations who don't typically have ready access to the arts, elevate the work of Boston's creatives, inspire the creation of new works, and support the achievement and provision of excellent, high quality arts and culture in the City of Boston. Last year, 177 organizations supporting arts and culture across the City of Boston were awarded grants totaling $428,650 by the Boston Cultural Council.""Mayor Walsh's continued commitment to the Boston Cultural Council grants helps ensure our ability to fund projects that help us achieve the goals of the Boston Creates cultural plan,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""Boston is city with a thriving local arts community and that is reflected in the quality and quantity of grant applications received.""Grant workshops and webinars to explain the process will be held during the months of September and October. The dates for these sessions will be posted on the Boston Cultural Council site as soon as they are scheduled. Applications will be reviewed and voted on in public meetings during the months of October and November. The grant award winners will be published in January.The Boston Cultural Council falls under the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture and receives annual funding from the state-run Massachusetts Cultural Council (MCC) to support the arts, humanities and innovative science programs that enhance the quality of life in the City of Boston.Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester. For more information, clickhere.About the Boston Creates Cultural PlanThe cultural plan was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long term. The Boston Creates process was funded by The Barr Foundation and The Klarman Family Foundation. The full cultural plan can be found online athttp://plan.bostoncreates.org."
As many of you know, when Mayor Walsh first took office, the Boston Cultural Council (BCC) was simply passing on the dollars allocated by the Massachusetts Cultural Council (MCC). Over the past three years since taking office, Mayor Walsh has continually shown his support for the arts community by increasing the BCC budget allocation every year. This year we will award more than $450,000 to organizations and projects in Boston that enhance the quality of life, the economy, the design of the city and help to realize the goals of the Boston Creates Cultural Plan.We have some exciting changes to our application this year, so for those of you who are familiar with our traditional applications, please be sure you take note of the changes. Both the MCC and the BCC applications have moved online! Organizations with annual budgets under $1 million will only complete the BCC application, and organizations with budgets over $1 million will complete a short application on the BCC site, and then complete their application on the MCC site. It should be a seamless and painless process.Grants this year will be made in two categories based on budget size and location:What makes a successful application? Considerthe goals of the Boston Creates Cultural Plan. Successful applications will be specific about how they help to grow access to the arts in areas not already well served by cultural opportunities, foster access to the arts for populations who dont typically have ready access to the arts, elevate the work of Bostons creatives, inspire the creation of new works, and support the achievement and provision of excellent, high quality arts and culture in the City of Boston.Last year, 177 organizations supporting arts and culture across the City of Boston were awarded grants totaling $428,650 by the Boston Cultural Council. We expect to grant even more this year.Well be holding grant workshops and webinars to explain the process later this month and in early October. The dates for these sessions will be posted on the Mayors Office of Arts and Culture web site and theBoston Cultural Councilsite as soon as they are scheduled. Applications will be accepted until October 17, 2016, at 5 p.m.The BCC accepts applications each fall, which are then evaluated by BCC council members based on their benefits to the city and its residents. Recently, due to the generous support of Mayor Walsh, the BCC has also expanded to offer a smaller, monthly grant, the Opportunity Fund, and will be offering a fellowship grant program for artists in the spring. In addition to our grant opportunities, we are also accepting applications for council members and we hope that you will considerapplyingor spreading the word to those who may be interested.
"BOSTON -Wednesday, September 7, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston has signed a contract with Boston Garden Development Corporation (BGDC), a subsidiary of Delaware North, owner and operator of TD Garden, as the vendor to enhance City Hall Plaza. The contract represents the next step forward in Mayor Walsh's commitment to creating a City Hall that is a vibrant public space and welcoming for all. ""I am pleased about this important next step in our efforts to activate City Hall Plaza, and I thank the Boston Garden Development Corporation for their partnership and creativity in this effort,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This endeavor is the beginning of a joint venture that will help transform the plaza into a year-round destination, inviting the people of Boston to see the plaza come to life in new and exciting ways.""""We are truly excited to move forward with this partnership with the City of Boston and get activations started on City Hall Plaza,"" said Charlie Jacobs, CEO for Delaware North's Boston Holdings. ""City Hall Plaza is the heart of the City, and we share Mayor Walsh's vision to provide a welcoming, enticing communal space that better serves the residents and visitors of Boston. Delaware North is committed to Boston, and our team is actively working to create an engaging winter experience for the plaza as well as unique activations for every season."" Winter activations on City Hall Plaza will include New England's first, custom-designed outdoor skating path and a European inspired holiday shopping market. Skaters of all ages are welcome to try this new twist on the traditional ice rink, a nearly 11,000 gross square foot outdoor ice path that will be open after Thanksgiving through February 2017. Resident and youth skating programs will be announced at a later date.At the tree outdoor holiday shopping market, visitors can experience seasonal delicacies and interactive attractions in a celebratory winter atmosphere. The market is set to open after Thanksgiving and continue through New Year's Day 2017, with a mix of local and international vendors and food and beverage offerings housed in individual chalets.To kick off the partnership, Boston Garden Development Corporation worked with the City's Property Management Department to test new seating options and will be installing shaded picnic tables on City Hall Plaza that will provide gathering spots for commuters and visitors. Delaware North will also join Mayor Walsh and the Main Streets Foundation, which supports local business districts in Boston, to sponsor the ""Beer Garden on Bricks"" programming moving forward.This past spring, the City of Boston selected Boston Garden Development Corporation to improve City Hall Plaza. The three-year contract began September 1, 2016. The License agreement provides the City of Boston a percentage of the overall annual profitability of all programming, including an escalating sponsorship model.Through the City's Operations Cabinet, Boston Garden Development Corporation will develop robust programming for the spring and summer months that works in conjunction with existing municipal commitments and local neighborhood events on the Plaza. Operating collaborators include Rink Management Service Corporation and Millennial Exhibitions.The RFP for City Hall Plaza is one of several efforts that the Walsh Administration is pursuing to reinvigorate both City Hall and City Hall Plaza. Last year, Mayor Walsh launchedRethinkCityHall.organd selected Utile to partner with the City on a City Hall campus plan study, a one-year comprehensive planning process that will serve as a roadmap for the operation and design improvements to City Hall and the plaza.More information on upcoming events at City Hall Plaza, and vendor information for the holiday shopping market will be posted soon on the City Hall PlazaFacebook page."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, September 7, 2016- Today, the City of Boston Election Department released plans for the State Primaries, taking place onThursday,September 8, 2016. The polls in Boston will open at7:00 a.m.and close at8:00 p.m.To find your voting location, please visithereand check your voter registration status. All absentee ballot applications must be in the possession of the Elections Department by12:00 p.m.onWednesday, September 7, 2016.This year's State Primaries also coincide with the opening of Boston Public Schools. To help guide voter traffic, the Election Department will provide additional staff at Boston Public School locations that are voting sites. Voters who will cast their ballot in schools are asked in advance for their patience and cooperation. Ballots have been printed for Boston's 396,246 registered voters which includes 210,752 in the Democratic Party, 25,626 in the Republican Party, 2,062 in the United Independent Party, and 564 in the Green-Rainbow Party. Boston's 157,242 voters who are not enrolled in any political party (unenrolled are often referred to as Independents) may choose one party's ballot to vote with onSeptember 8, 2016. All polling places will be equipped with an Automark machine, which assists voters with sensory and physical limitations in marking their ballots this device also provides translation assistance.The following languages will be available at the polls and through a central translator telephone bank:The department has recruited and trained more than 1,600 poll workers to staff more than 170 polling locations, covering approximately 255 precincts. From answering calls from residents, to working the polling locations, to counting ballots, poll workers play a vital role in the success of Election Day.To help boost civic engagement, residents are encouraged to use hashtag#BostonVoteson social media platforms, such as Facebook and Twitter, with photos of ""I voted"" stickers.Election results will be posted online atboston.govafter the polls close at8:00 P.M.Updates on turnout will be provided periodically via Twitter:@BostonElections, and theCity of Boston Elections Department's Facebook account.Please use the Election Department'swebsiteto receive additional information regarding the election registered voters are able to use the site to locate polling locations.Media GuidelinesMembers of the media are reminded that certain rules must be followed in order to ensure a smooth voting process for voters."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, September 7, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the City of Boston's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment, in partnership with Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts and in collaboration with the City's Property Management Department, today announced the launch of the inaugural Boston Social Fitness Festival to be held onSaturday, September 17thon City Hall Plaza. The free day-long celebration of getting Boston moving will feature numerous participatory events to encourage Bostonians of all ages to move, cycle, play and dance together.""Boston is one of the most active cities in the country and this first-ever Social Fitness Festival is an opportunity for our whole community to come together and engage in a wide range of free fun activities,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts for partnering with us on this effort, and encourage all residents to join in on the fun onSeptember 17.""Following is a list of some of the activities currently scheduled:DAYBREAKER (7:00-10:00 a.m.): Following an early morning yoga session, DAYBREAKER will kick the day off with a high-energy beat and an 80s throwback aerobics jam. This memorable experience will feature healthy nourishment, live performers, and special surprises for a morning dance party & workout unlike any other. #WakeMeUpBOSBOSTON SWEAT CRAWL (10:00 a.m. - 3:00 p.m.):Take the ultimate fitness challenge and sweat your way through one of five 60-minute courses, designed by Social Boston Sports to test your stamina through an upbeat set of Yoga, Kickboxing and Cycling exercises. #SweatCrawlCYCLING SPIN SESSIONS (10:30 a.m.,11:30 a.m.,12:30 p.m.):Register in advance for one of three free Open Air Rides on City Hall Plaza, presented by The Handle Bar Indoor Cycling Studios. The Handle Bar features music-driven classes, packed with energy, bumping beats and hard-earned sweat. #TheHandleBarMAYOR'S CUP PRO CYCLING RACES (11:00 a.m. - 6:00 p.m.):After you've participated in your own sweat session, cheer on the pros as USA Cycling's top road tour returns to Boston for the 8th annual Mayor's Cup Pro Cycling Classic. This year's races will again feature more than 200 of the world's top amateur and pro riders competing on a tight, high-speed criterium course, zipping past City Hall Plaza, Faneuil Hall, and the Sierra Nevada Beer Garden at the finish line. #MayorsCupBOSKIDS' CRIT (1:30 p.m.):The day's cycling action will include participants from pros to pee-wees, as kids (5-15)will also have a chance to race along the closed criterium course in several age brackets of competition. In addition, mascots from several Boston pro sports teams will be on hand to cheer them on, and participate in their own comedic attempts at cycling glory. #KidsCritYOGA ON THE PLAZA (3:30 p.m.):Yoga Around Town, presented by Social Boston Sports, will host an afternoon vinyasa flow practice for all levels. Whether you're a beginner or seasoned yogi, make it a festive and energizing afternoon by joining in this unique outdoor session in the heart of the city. #YogaAroundTownTHE DANCE MILE (6-8 p.m.):The Dance Mile will conclude the day's festivities with 5,280 feet of pure awesomeness... a chance to grab your crew, don your costumes, and celebrate the city with friends. Led by a mobile DJ on a custom sound truck, this interactive dance parade moves at 1mph down a closed mile loop, cranking tunes along the way. Prepare to sweat, laugh, and high-five your way through the most fun hour of the year, followed by a finish line dance party with performances and contests.#TheDanceMileThe Boston Social Fitness Festival will also feature a large climbing wall on City Hall Plaza, as well as walk-up games and family-friendly activities such as Giant Jenga, Kan-Jam, Cornhole and more. Sponsors of the inaugural festival include the City of Boston, Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts, Sierra Nevada, Larabar, Daybreaker, The Dance Mile, Social Boston Sports, The Handle Bar Indoor Spin Studios, Barry's Boot Camp, Boston Bikes and USA Cycling.For more information, including the full weekend event schedule and free advance registration, please visit here, or follow along using the hashtag #SocialFitnessFest."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, September 7, 2016- Elementary students with high levels of attendance in Boston's voluntary summer learning programs earned a clear advantage in math and reading over their peers, according to new RAND findings from the largest research study ever conducted on summer learning.The national study released today also points to an advantage in vital social-emotional skills, like self-regulation and relationships, for those who are high attenders of summer learning programs - defined as at least 20 days of a five- to six-week program.""When we work together, set ambitious goals and have the courage and collaboration to follow through, students have an opportunity to thrive - the data in this report proves that,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""We are excited to have new evidence on what works as we expand summer learning in Boston and continue to be a model for the nation in reducing the 'summer slide'.""Boston is one of five cities participating in the $50 million National Summer Learning Project, funded by The Wallace Foundation. The report,Learning from Summer: Effects of Voluntary Summer Learning Programs on Low-Income Urban Youth,explains the impact of programs in summers 2013 and 2014. The six-year project will track student outcomes through spring 2017.""Boston students who participated in summer learning walk into schoolstomorrowbetter prepared to learn and succeed,"" said Superintendent Tommy Chang. ""Summer learning is critical to student achievement and this study shows that we can accelerate learning all year long.""""This research compels us to look beyond the traditional school day and year when we think about education,"" said Chris Smith, executive director of Boston After School & Beyond, the city's lead partner on after-school and summer learning efforts. ""There is work to be done, and we will collaborate with programs to improve our impact on students.""The study showed that, after the first summer, students who attended at least 20 days outperformed the control group in math, and the improvements persisted through the school year. After the second summer, high attenders outperformed the control group of students in math and reading, both in fall 2014 and in the following spring.The academic advantage for the students with high attendance after the second summer translates to between 20 percent and 25 percent of typical annual gains in mathematics and reading, the study found. High-attending students were also rated by teachers as having stronger social and emotional competencies than the control group students.Boston's programs, which feature partnerships among a wide array of enrichment programs and an explicit focus on social-emotional skills, had a greater share of students who were high attenders than the five-city average, reaching 73 percent in year one and 67 percent in year two, compared to 63 percent and 60 percent nationally.The RAND research seeks to find out whether and how voluntary summer programs can help low-income students succeed in school. Summer is a time when low-income students lose ground relative to their wealthier peers, but it also holds promise as a time to improve outcomes for them by providing additional opportunities for academics and enrichment.The study's results are drawn from all five districts, which also include Dallas, Duval County (Fla.), Pittsburgh and Rochester, N.Y. Each district offered five to six weeks of free summer programs that included enrichment activities and instruction in math and English language arts.""Until now, we didn't know if urban school districts could offer high-quality summer learning programs for low-income students and whether they would make a difference for children,"" said Will Miller, president of The Wallace Foundation.""We have learned two important things: That high-quality summer learning programs are capable of helping disadvantaged students succeed in school, and that high attendance is crucial to delivering these benefits.""These findings are correlational but controlled for prior achievement and demographics, giving researchers confidence that the benefits are likely due to the programs and meeting the requirements for promising evidence under the federal Every Student Succeeds Act.Researchers have less confidence that social-emotional outcomes were due to the programs, given the lack of prior data on these competencies.For students to experience lasting benefits from attending summer programs, the report recommends districts and their partners: run programs for at least five weeks promote high attendance include sufficient instructional time and protect it invest in instructional quality and factor in attendance and likely no-show rates when staffing programs to lower per-student costs.A total of 574 Boston Public School students participated in the study across seven program sites - Boys & Girls Clubs of Boston, Courageous Sailing/Community Boat Building, USS Constitution Museum, Hale Reservation, Tenacity, Thompson Island Outward Bound Education Center, and the YMCA of Greater Boston.These programs participate in the Boston Summer Learning Community, a network convened by Boston After School & Beyond and BPS that works to strengthen student skills, share best practices, and pursue continuous improvement. In July 2015, Mayor Walsh and Superintendent Chang set a goal to reach 10,000 students in 100 summer programs by 2017 through this network. This goal was exceeded a year early.Learning from Summer: Effects of Voluntary Summer Learning Programs on Low-Income Urban Youth, is available atwww.rand.org andwww.wallacefoundation.org."
Temporary parking restrictions will be implemented in Brighton near Boston College on BC Football home game days this fall to ensure that on-street parking spaces are reserved for local residents. BC Football home games will take place this year on the following dates:Vehicles that display a City of Boston Allston/Brighton Resident Parking Permit are allowed to park in these spaces. Please readour How-To on Resident Parking Permitsfor information on obtaining these permits.Residents who do not have Allston/Brighton Resident Parking Permits on their vehicles may obtain temporary parking permits to park in the B.C. area on game days. The temporary permits are valid on Boston College Football home game dates only.Temporary parking permits will be distributed from the Boston Transportation Department's Mobile Command Center. The Command Center will be parked at the intersection of Commonwealth Avenue and Lake Street from 4 PM to 8 PM on the day prior to each game, as well as on all game days starting four hours before the scheduled game start time and staying through half-time. The temporary permits are also available at the Office of the Parking Clerk, located in Room 224 City Hall, Monday through Friday, from 8:30 AM to 4:30 PM.To obtain a temporary BC Football home game parking permit, residents must provide a copy of a valid vehicle registration in the resident's name as well as a proof of residency bearing the resident's name and Brighton address. The proof of residency must be dated 2016 and must be from one of the following categories:In cooperation with the Brighton community, BTD is implementing parking restrictions to minimize disruption to the adjacent neighborhood on home game days, said City of Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. We urge fans to be considerate of residents who live nearby and to either park in accordance with Boston College guidelines or take another form of transportation to Alumni Stadium.Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.thehubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round trip rather than a one-way ticket.Vehicles parked in violation of these temporary restrictions in Brighton are subject to being ticketed and towed.
First and foremost, thank you for your continued engagement and immeasurable input for Imagine Boston 2030!ThroughGuiding Growth, Bostons residents outlinedclear prioritiesfor how Boston can guide our future growth to become an equitable and more inclusive city that responds to the changing needs and challenges of its residents. TheStrategic Vision Plan, set for release this fall, outlinesspecific initiatives and actions for reaching those goalsthat will inform theCitywide Plannext spring. As we prepare to move forward, Imagine Boston wants to know from our residents:Did we get it right?Our Engagement Team is looking for opportunities to engage Bostonians to get feedback on the refined strategies, andwe need your help!Are you hosting an event, public forum, gathering, or large meeting between September 26 and October 30? Do you want your group to be involved with imagining Bostons future?Imagine Boston 2030 would like to send our Engagement Team to your event!Were creating a fun, all-agesLego activitythat will give residents an opportunity to learn about the issues that Imagine Boston is addressing, and add their own input to guide the plan going forward. We want to bring it to you!If your event is for a smaller audience or does not fully meet one of the guidelines above, we still urge you to submit. However, please note that although we would like to attend every submitted event, we may not be able to. Priority will be given to larger events and public events.The full calendar of events will be promoted on our website with full social media coverage!Submit your event
"BOSTON -Tuesday, September 6, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment in partnership with Country 102.5 FM radio today announced the Eli Young Band will headline the inaugural ""Country in the City"" concert taking place onThursday, September 15, 2016 from 6:30 to 8:30 pm. The concert is free and open to the public.""I am excited that the City of Boston will host its first-ever Country in the City concert on City Hall Plaza this September,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I want to thank Country 102.5 and the Eli Young Band for working with us to bring this idea to reality."" The Eli Young Band is famous for the hit songs ""Crazy Girl"", ""Even if it Breaks Your Heart"", ""When it Rains"", and their new hit single ""Saltwater Gospel.""""Our music focuses on subjects that everyone can relate to, from heartbreak to first love,"" said Mike Eli, lead singer. ""We are so excited to bring our music to Boston for everyone to enjoy, whether you are Mayor Walsh or a college student new to town.""""Country 102.5 is excited to partner with Mayor Walsh and help bring country music in the city of Boston to life,"" said Mike Brophey, 102.5's program director. ""We are always enthusiastic about spreading the message of great country music...and now it's The Eli Young Band on City Hall Plaza! How cool!""2016 will mark the inaugural year for Country in the City.About the Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and EntertainmentThe Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, free public events for Bostonians and visitors to the city, and is proud to collaborate with Country 102.5 as our partner for Country in the City.For further information please call617-635-3911, visit@VisitBostonCityon Twitter, or Boston City Tourism onFacebook. City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via Haymarket (Orange and Green), State Street (Orange and Blue), or Park Street (Green and Red).About Eli Young BandEli Young Band kicked off summer with brand new music, marking their first single on The Valory music Co. and continuing their evolution with Big Machine Label Group. Their last album 10,000 TOWNS ranked #1 on the Billboard Top Country Albums chart, landed a coveted Top 5 spot on the Billboard 200 and claimed the top spot on the iTunes Country Albums chart. EYB's hit singles have been awarded Billboard's #1 Country Song of the Year and ACM Song of the Year, in addition to garnering EYB numerous nominations from GRAMMY, CMA, CMT, ACA and Teen Choice Awards. For tour dates and more, visit EliYoungBand.com.About Country 102.5WKLB-FM is owned by Greater Boston Radio, Inc., a subsidiary of Greater Media, Inc., the parent company of 21 AM and FM radio stations in the Boston, Charlotte, Detroit, New Jersey and Philadelphia markets. It also owns a group of weekly newspapers in central New Jersey as well as several telecommunications towers located throughout the United States."
This fall, the City of Boston is allowing residents to vote early for the first time.Early voting is similar to absentee voting, but you dont need a reason or excuse to vote early.From Monday, October 24, through Friday, November 4, you can vote at any early voting location in the City, including Boston City Hall. You can see the complete schedule forearly voting locations below. Pick the time and place thats best for you.All early voting locations are accessible to voters with disabilities. Every location will also have AutoMark machines for voters who need help marking their ballots.
"BOSTON - Sunday, September 4, 2016 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today issued a set of safety tips In advance of Hermine, the Post-Tropical Storm currently located about 300 miles south of Nantucket, potentially impacting Boston. All residents are encouraged to stay informed by signing-up forAlertBostonto receiveemergency notifications.""I urge all residents to take every precaution in advance of the threat of this storm on Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Please remember to check on elderly neighbors, and stay inside if you are able to.""In Boston, the primary concern will be 25-40 MPH wind gusts that will begin aroundmidnightthis evening and continue into Monday afternoon.Approximately 1 inch of rain is expected in Boston."
"BOSTON - September 1, 2016 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today alerted residentsthat September is recognized as National Preparedness Month. Sponsored by the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) within the Department of Homeland Security,National Preparedness Month encourages Americans to take steps to prepare for emergencies in their homes, businesses, schools and communities.""National Preparedness Month provides the ideal opportunity for residents to evaluate individual and family plans in the event of an emergency,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Resident safety in the City of Boston is non-negotiable and the City encourages all residents to take simple, preventative steps to ensure their safety and preparedness.""The Mayor's Office of Emergency Management (OEM) recommends the following measures for National Preparedness Month:Your family might not be together if a disaster strikes, so take the time to coordinate beforehand:An emergency supply kit should have basic items that household members need during a disaster. This kit can be used if you have to leave yourhomeduring an emergencyor extended power outage. OEM recommends youinclude:Reliable and accurate information is essential before, during and after an emergency. Be prepared and connect to the following resources:OEM is the agency responsible for ensuring the City of Boston has plans to prevent, protect against, respond to, and recover from all types of emergencies and disasters. During emergencies, OEM operates the Emergency Operation Center (EOC) where City agencies gather to share critical information, respond to resource requests and coordinate response for managing an incident."
Boston high school students are invited to apply to Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Youth Advisory Committee (YAC). Established in September of 2014, the BCYF Youth Advisory Committee serves as an advisory board to identify, discuss and inform BCYF leadership on youth issues and programming. The purpose of the Committee is to instill members with the knowledge, skills and confidence to work in cooperation with BCYF to best serve the needs and expectations of Bostons youth and to empower them to make positive change in their community.BCYF operates 36 facilities across Boston. The bulk of programs and activities at the community centers are youth-focused so the BCYF Youth Advisory Committee has a role in shaping what the centers offer for young people.As a BCYF YAC member, youth will:The BCYF YAC serves as a link between City government and youth by identifying issues affecting youth, addressing community concerns, and designing action plans to foster change. The YAC serves as a means for youth to have a voice in shaping the quality of life in Boston while engaging in various activities and service projects in the community. This year, YAC members volunteered with the American Red Cross Food Pantry, helped set up and support a variety of BCYF events, and worked with Urban Edge on the development and planning of the Jackson Square Recreation Center.The deadline for completed applications is Friday, September16. The application can be found on the Citys website.
From the start of our work on Boston.gov weve been focused on accessibility.What does accessibility mean, exactly? Well, first off, we want you to be able to read and understand our content. That means using plain language. Information should also be available wherever you are, so our layouts are mobile friendly. Were also working to reduce the size of our pages so they use less of your data plan to download our content.
That said, a big part of accessibility means making sure people who use assistive technology  like screen reader programs that read the text on a webpage out loud  can easily find information and get things done on Boston.gov. While building the new Boston.gov, we conducted accessibility tests (with tools like this) and also met with members of the Citys Disabilities Commission to discuss their needs for the website. Some of the early issues we found and fixed included:We learned a lot from our pilot, but we still werent perfect at launch, as a number of our blind users, including Bruce Howell of the Carroll Center for the Blind in Newton, noted. Since accessibility has been a priority of ours, we took the early feedback seriously and chose to improve accessibility before anything else after our launch.Based on user feedback on our pilot site, we darkened the body copy to make it easier to read. Users still felt it wasnt dark enough when we launched in July, so we made it even darker to create more contrast.We also needed to improve our search. As the most voted for item on our roadmap after our pilot launch in January, we knew how important it was to allow users to navigate to our search using their keyboards. When we launched, there was no way for you to get to the search bar using the keyboard. After our recent update, people using screen readers or keyboards for navigation now have the ability to search the site.In the interest of transparency, the first version of this post had another paragraph about how we added descriptive title tags to certain Send an email buttons. We assumed that these title tags would make the information clearer for people using screen readers. It turns out, we were wrong.As we revised and checked our work, we saw this article about how title tags seem helpful for screen readers, but most of the time arent even read by them. We dove into the details and decided to create invisible text and aria labels to fix our mistake. Were hoping that this small but significant change will save residents who use screen readers a lot of frustration.Were working to meet AA compliance (which includes A compliance) based on the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines from the organization that sets web standards. By meeting that AA compliance, were putting ourselves leaps and bounds ahead of where we were on the old City of Boston website. It also puts us in the top tier for accessibility among government websites. Where we can, were striving to meet AAA compliance, which would make us one of the most accessible websites on the Internet.The work weve done so far on accessibility doesnt end here. Well be pushing updates and changes as we continue to build out Boston.gov to make sure were creating a website for everyone.If you are struggling to access information on our site, or have ideas on how we could improve, please email us at feedback@boston.gov. You can also just click the Feedback button in the top right corner of every webpage.
Boston high school students are invited to apply to Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Youth Advisory Committee (YAC). Established in September of 2014, the BCYF Youth Advisory Committee serves as an advisory board to identify, discuss and inform BCYF leadership on youth issues and programming. The purpose of the Committee is to instill members with the knowledge, skills and confidence to work in cooperation with BCYF to best serve the needs and expectations of Bostons youth and to empower them to make positive change in their community.BCYF operates 36 facilities across Boston. The bulk of programs and activities at the community centers are youth-focused so the BCYF Youth Advisory Committee has a role in shaping what the centers offer for young people.As a BCYF YAC member, youth will:The BCYF YAC serves as a link between City government and youth by identifying issues affecting youth, addressing community concerns, and designing action plans to foster change. The YAC serves as a means for youth to have a voice in shaping the quality of life in Boston while engaging in various activities and service projects in the community. This year, YAC members volunteered with the American Red Cross Food Pantry, helped set up and support a variety of BCYF events, and worked with Urban Edge on the development and planning of the Jackson Square Recreation Center.The deadline for completed applications is Friday, September 16. The application can be found on theCitys website.
"BOSTON -Wednesday, August 31, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today issued a set of tips for new and current residents who are moving in advance of September 1, when 70 percent of leases begin in Boston.""I am thrilled to welcome new residents and students to the City of Boston, and encourage all residents to take advantage of all that Boston has to offer,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""From our vibrant culture, to our walkable neighborhoods, there is truly something for everyone here. Thank you for choosing Boston as your new home. We are excited to have you here.""Mayor Walsh has implemented strategies to make theSeptember 1stmoving process a smoother and more efficient experience for residents:In addition to these initiatives, new residents and movers are encouraged to review the following information to prepare for their moving day:The student move-in process at Boston's colleges and universities will significantly impact local streets and parking.Due to the high volume of moving trucks and street activity, temporary traffic restrictions will be in place fromAugust 31 - September 5, 2016.Boston neighborhoods that will be most affected by the student move-in process areAllston/Brighton,Fenway,Mission HillandRoxbury.See the full list of temporary traffic restrictions.During the moving process, residents are required to dispose of trash, in compliance with local laws and ordinances. Residents are strongly encouraged to download theTrashDay App, as the app's ""Recycling and Trash Directory"" feature provides information on how to properly and legally dispose of large household items.Citations for unsanitary and improper disposal of trash will be issued by Code Enforcement for the Boston Public Works Department. If residents would like to report trash, they may do so through the City's 311 service. Note that improper trash disposal will result in a citation.OnSeptember 1, ISD staff will be stationed at tables at the Hess Gas Station at 100 Brighton Ave. in Brighton and on the City Hall To-Go Truck to assist residents with the following:Conducting on the spot inspectionsISD will deploy over 60 inspectors and managers throughout neighborhoods heavily populated with students to conduct inspections and check intake for units subject to the Rental Inspection Ordinance.Tagging Furniture for Harmful Germs and BedbugsDiscarded furniture and mattresses can host harmful germs and infestations such as bedbugs and cockroaches. Discarded and abandoned furniture will be tagged for later removal by ISD.If residents do not want their furniture to be taken or tagged, please make sure you or someone you know looks after the furniture until it is moved safely into a vehicle or apartment.Residents are strongly encouraged to sign up forAlertBostonto receive important notifications, including information on parking bans and emergency updates.Property owners are encouraged to register their property for inspection with ISD and supply appropriate trash receptacles. The following is a list of the criteria units must meet upon delivery to a new occupant: Posting permit signsResidents must post signs on the street at least two days before moving. The street space reserved also must be an actual parking spot.If a car is parked at your reserved spot, call the Boston police at617-343-4911. Inform them it is not an emergency and provide them with the plate number. If the police can't reach the car owner, they will arrange for a tow.For information on how to obtain a permit, please visitthe City's moving page.The Walsh administration has worked to streamline the process ofSeptember 1move-in by engaging with universities, colleges and landlords to stagger move-in dates.Residents are encouraged to call the Mayor's 24-hour311 hotlinefor any other questions or problems during their move-in process.For more information, please visit the City'smoving page online."
"BOSTON -Tuesday August 30, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a request for proposal (RFP) seeking an academic partner for theBoston Women's Workforce Council(BWWC). The academic partner will house and support the Executive Director of the BWWC and bring academic and research resources of the chosen institution to support the gender equality goals of the Council.""Closing the gender wage gap is the right thing to do. It's good for businesses' bottom line and is important to the vitality of Boston's economy. More than 160 businesses that have signed the 100% Talent compact, and it's the reason Boston is on track to become the first city in the nation to close the gender wage gap,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We look forward to collaborating with an academic partner to add students, professors and researchers to the work of the Boston Women's Workforce Council. Together, we will harness Boston's vibrant economy, and create a premier city for working women.""The BWWC, a business-led and funded public-private partnership between Mayor Walsh and the Greater Boston Business community, is charged with implementing the 100% Talent Compact. The 100% Compact is a first-in-the-nation program in which businesses pledge to take concrete, measurable steps to eliminate the wage gap in their company and to report their progress and employee demographic and salary data anonymously every two years. The 100% Compact is essential to making Boston the best city in America for working women by ensuring all working women are paid equitably and given equal opportunity.""I thank Mayor Walsh and the business community for their commitment to closing the gender wage gap,"" said Evelyn Murphy, co-chair of the Boston Women's Workforce Council and former Lieutenant Governor of Massachusetts. ""By formally engaging with an academic partner this enables the BWWC to incorporate outstanding academic resources in our work.""""Given the growth and success of the BWWC over the past few years it is critical for us to add to the capacity of our work,"" said Cathy E. Minehan, co-chair of the Boston Women's Workforce Council. ""Formally adding an academic partner is an important step, but one that also recognizes the support of the business community for their commitment to close the gender wage gap. ""The request for proposal can be found on the City of Boston'ssupplier portalwith the identification number EV00003516."
Boston Public Librarys Read Your Way to Fenway summer essay contest winners enjoyed the magic of Fenway Park on Sunday, August 28 when the Red Sox took on the Kansas City Royals  celebrating the game and their reading accomplishments this summer.Youth ages 5-17 were encouraged to read a minimum of three books and write an essay about their favorite for the chance to attend the game 679 kids participated in the program and 473 winners were chosen. The on-field winners, who were part of a pre-game ceremony Sunday night, include Fatuma Mahdi Ahmed  Dudley Branch, Angelina Coral Hernandez  Charlestown Branch, Aayush Patel  Central Library, Zachary Riviello  Parker Hill Branch, Malik Cross  Grove Hall Branch, and Gabriel Custodio from the Uphams Corner Branch.Im extremely proud of our young Bostonians for spending the summer reading and participating in Boston Public Librarys programs. Through their participation in library programs, they are well prepared to start the school year  and there is no better way to end the summer than by spending a night at Fenway Park with the Red Sox, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh.We received hundreds of insightful essays from young people all across Boston and are thrilled to reward their accomplishments with this fun summer activity, said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library. The support of the community and of our critical sponsors allows the Boston Public Library to offer programs supporting the reading and literacy skills our youth need to succeed in school and life.In addition to the Read Your Way to Fenway summer essay contest, youth and adults participated in summer reading programs throughout the Boston Public Library system from June through August, engaging in a variety of enriching skill-building programs.Read Your Way to Fenway is sponsored by John Hancock, The Red Sox Foundation, and The Boston Public Library Foundation.Pictured above (left to right): Boston Public Library President David Leonard, Boston Public Library Manager of Youth Services Farouqua Abuzeit, Executive Director of the Red Sox Foundation Gena Borson, winners Angelina Coral Hernandez, Aayush Patel, Zachary Riviello, Malik Cross, and Gabriel Custodio. Additional photos are available upon request.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARY FOUNDATIONThe Boston Public Library Foundation is a fundraising arm of the BPL, with a mission to raise private funds for library programs and special projects. Working closely with the leadership team of the Library, as well as the Board of Trustees, the Foundation has made over 15 grants to the BPL in Fiscal Year 2016, ranging in size from $10,000 to $175,000, to support programs such as the Lowell Lecture Series, Concerts in the Courtyard, Read Your Way to Fenway, Community Learning Center programs, and the upcoming Celebrating Shakespeare initiative, among others.
"BOSTON -Monday, August 29, 2016- The Boston Transportation Department (BTD) is experimenting with widening sidewalks to create a plaza at the intersection of Franklin Street and Arch Street in Downtown Crossing. Planters and fencing will create a temporary plaza space that will be filled with tables and chairs from8:00 AM to 11:00 AMonTuesday, August 30. Visitors can stop in to drink coffee while looking at possible designs for the space while engineers monitor traffic and anticipate issues that need to be addressed in future designs.BTD is working with the Boston Redevelopment Authority, the Public Works Department, the Downtown Boston Business Improvement District and Millennium Partners to implement the pilot project and upcoming phases. The architecture firm Hweler + Yoon has been commissioned by Millennium Partners to develop the designs for the next phase of the experiment.""We recognize that Downtown Crossing is an area of the city where most people get around on foot -- and we want to create a better walking environment for them,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""This experiment is one of the many initiatives created by the City to ensure Boston is a welcoming destination for all pedestrians.""The intersection of Franklin Street and Arch Street is particularly wide because it was once the location of architect Charles Bulfinch's Tontine Crescent. In the 1790s, a series of row houses was built on a curve, and the wider area in the middle of the street was a small park with trees. Though the buildings were demolished in the 1850s, the shape of the street remains.""With the T station at Franklin and Washington reopening soon, we know foot traffic will pick up on this street,"" said Chris Osgood, City of Boston Chief of Streets. ""We're taking a tactical approach to improving this area for pedestrians. In the future we can imagine a whole network of parks and plazas from Shopper's Plaza to Post Office Square and on to the Greenway.""Franklin Street currently accommodates two lanes of westbound travel and a right turn lane at Arch between Devonshire and Hawley Streets as well as handicap and commercial parking. The pilot project will look at the traffic capacity needs for both blocks and the opportunity spaces to create better pedestrian accommodations as well as seating and shade.""This is an opportunity to look at the urban design and engineering considerations that need to be factored into the final design,"" said Gina Fiandaca, Boston's Transportation Commissioner. ""We want to watch the changes in real time and be sure that we meet the needs of all road users in a permanent plaza."""
Boston Public Library offers an abundance of author talks and programs across the citys locations in September, including classes designed to build career skills by the Central Librarys newly renovated Kirstein Business Library and Innovation Center. Visitwww.bpl.org/calendarfor a complete list.Kirstein Business Library & Innovation Center (KBLIC) September classes:About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
Thousands of students will soon move to on- and off-campus housing at colleges and universities in the City. Some of these temporary restrictions will last through the weekend after September 1. Students and their families are asked to plan accordingly to ensure a smooth transition. Drivers are asked to allow for extra time and to pay extra attention to all posted signs.Boston neighborhoods that will be most affected by the student move-in process are Allston/Brighton, Fenway, Mission Hill, and Roxbury.Allston/Brighton:Temporary Traffic Restrictions(ForWednesday, Aug.31, and Thursday, Sept.1)Allston/Brighton: Temporary Parking RestrictionsFenway:Temporary Traffic RestrictionsForsyth Street toward Hemenway StreetFenway:Temporary Parking RestrictionsMission Hill:Temporary Traffic RestrictionsExpect heavy traffic volumeon all streets in Mission Hill including Huntington Avenue, Tremont Street, and Columbus Avenue.Mission Hill:Temporary Parking RestrictionsRoxbury:Temporary Traffic RestrictionsRoxbury:Temporary Parking Restrictions
With input from all those who call our City home,Imagine Boston 2030will define a vision for Boston leading up to its 400th birthday and beyond, and a roadmap to realize that vision. As Bostons first citywide plan in 50 years, Imagine Boston 2030 will create a framework to preserve and enhance Boston, while embracing growth as a means to address our challenges and make the City stronger and more inclusive.The challenge for us today is to find ways topreserve wisely, enhance equitably, and grow inclusively. If we keep these values in mind as we chart the course for Bostons future, we can ensure that our neighborhoods and the City as a whole remain thriving, healthy, and innovative.Since we launched Imagine Boston 2030 last fall, weve relied on Bostonians to set the direction for our growth. To guide Imagine Boston 2030, we turned to those who know the City best  the residents and businesses that call Boston home. Over the last few months, the City engaged Bostonians through open houses, visioning sessions, street teams, community workshops, text messages, social media and web surveys to understand Bostonians vision for the future. We listened. Were still listening. And, were reading!City staff has been talking about some of the history and concepts that have informed our thinking. Weve had great conversations about the work of some of the thinkers and philosophers who influence our work every day. And one day, we started a conversation about books we have read that explore concepts related to the work. We thought it would be fun to develop a reading list of books that help us think about cities, and explore, celebrate, and imagine Boston. We had some lively discussions and picked a dozen books to include on the list, but we are acutely aware that our list is not even remotely comprehensive, so we are asking you to help by voting on three more books you think should be included.Now for the best part: the Mayors Office has partnered with theBoston Public Libraryto make the entire Imagine Boston reading list available to all Boston residents! Stop by yourlocal branchof the Boston Public Library to pick up oneor allof the books on the Imagine Boston 2030 Reading List, and join us as we all Imagine Boston in 2030.Click here to vote for your favorite books, and share with your friends!Everyone who votes has a chance to win an Imagine Boston Reading List prize!#ImagineBoston#IB2030bookworm@ImagineBoston@BPLBostonEvicted by Matthew DesmondThe Death and Life of Great American Cities by Jane JacobsChain of Change: Struggles for Black Community Developmentby Mel KingThe Given Day by Dennis LehaneCommon Ground by J. Anthony LukasAll Souls by Michael Patrick MacDonaldThe Power Broker by RobertCaroKarma and Other Stories by Rishi ReddiThe Resilience Dividend: Being Strong in a World Where Things Go Wrong by Judith RodinVilla Victoria: The Transformation of Social Capital in a Boston Barrio by Mario Luis SmallWalkable City: How Downtown Can Save America, One Step at a Time by Jeff SpeckThe Price of Inequality: How Todays Divided Society Endangers Our Future by Joseph E. StiglitzThe Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing by M. T. AndersonThe City of Ember by Jeanne DuPrauPennies for Elephants by Lita JudgeWhats the Big Idea? Four Centuries of Innovation in Boston by Stephen KrenskyMake Way for Ducklings by Robert McCloskeyFantastic Cities: A Coloring Book of Amazing Places Real and Imagine by Steve McDonaldBeneath the Streets of Boston by Joe McKendryOn the Loose in Boston (Find the Animals) by Sage Stossel
"BOSTON -Wednesday, August 24, 2016- As part of Imagine Boston 2030's community engagement process, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a suggested reading list that offers residents the opportunity to learn more about the background on some of the history and concepts that are helping to inform conversations about the future of our city.The list of books was determined by members of the Mayor's team, and selected based on their content as its relates to the work of Imagine Boston 2030. The list includes works by practitioners, thinkers and philosophers who write about urban landscapes, physical and otherwise. Recognizing that this is by no means a comprehensive list, the Mayor's team is asking the public to vote on three titles to be added. To cast your vote, please visithere.""Through Imagine Boston 2030, we are engaging residents on the future of our city in ways that have never been done before,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""This reading list is another tool we're using to drive engagement and ask people to think about to Boston's first city-wide planning undertaking in 50 years. I encourage all residents to visit their local library branch to pick up at least one of the books on the list and join the conversation about the Boston's future.""Since being launched in October 2015, Imagine Boston 2030 has been engaging with thousands of residents to set the direction for the city's growth. Over the last few months, the City has engaged residents through open houses, conversations,street teams, community workshops, text messages, social media and web surveys.The Mayor's Office has partnered with the Boston Public Library to make the Imagine Boston reading list available to all Boston residents. To find your local library branch and borrow a book from the Imagine Boston reading list, please visithere.The full list of books included in ImagineBoston 2030's reading list is below:Reading List""Evicted"" by Matthew Desmond""The Death and Life of Great American Cities"" by Jane Jacobs""Chain of Change: Struggles for Black Community Development"" by Mel King""The Given Day"" by Dennis Lehane""Common Ground"" by J. Anthony Lukas""All Souls"" by Michael Patrick MacDonald""The Power Broker"" by Robert Caro""Karma and Other Stories"" by Rishi Reddi""The Resilience Dividend: Being Strong in a World Where Things Go Wrong"" by Judith Rodin""Villa Victoria: The Transformation of Social Capital in a Boston Barrio"" by Mario Luis Small""Walkable City: How Downtown Can Save America, One Step at a Time"" by Jeff Speck""The Price of Inequality: How Today's Divided Society Endangers Our Future"" by Joseph E. StiglitzYouth (Ages 3+) Reading List:""The Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing"" by M. T. Anderson""The City of Ember"" by Jeanne DuPrau""Pennies for Elephants"" by Lita Judge""What's the Big Idea? Four Centuries of Innovation in Boston"" by Stephen Krensky""Make Way for Ducklings"" by Robert McCloskey""Fantastic Cities: A Coloring Book of Amazing Places Real and Imagine"" by Steve McDonald""Beneath the Streets of Boston"" by Joe McKendry""On the Loose in Boston (Find the Animals)"" by Sage StosselAbout Imagine Boston 2030Imagine Bostonseeks to knit together citywide planning efforts, public engagement and feedback, and City priorities to guide our city into 2030. A citywide plan will serve to implement the ideas set forth and to offer additional ideas for the physical and economic development of Boston. Just as importantly, Imagine Boston 2030 will help Boston's citizens articulate a shared vision for equitable prosperity, innovation, education, health, equity and arts and culture."
One of the goals of the plan is to keep artists in Boston and attract new ones to Boston. That means we need to invest in individual artists, make City government more accessible, welcoming and responsive, and find opportunities for affordable artist housing as well as presenting and production space. Earlier this month, Mayor Walsh launchedThe Opportunity Fund, a pilot grant program designed to support individual artists in the activities that help them share their work with the public or teach others, continue their professional development and hone their skills. Its a monthly grant program, which gives us the flexibility to help artists when they need the funds, when a small grant can help them take advantage of an opportunity to showcase their work or learn a new skill. Each month, well have $10,000 to share in grants of up to $1000. We know this is needed: In the first month alone, we received more than 90 applications. Well be opening applications again on September 1st. At launch, we talked about creating anArtist Resource Deskto help artists navigate City Hall and the arts and culture sector in Boston. Im pleased to let you know we have recently posted a job opening for an Artist Resource Manager to staff this desk. Please view the job listinghereand help us find the right person who can focus on delivering outstanding service to the arts and culture sector in BostonIn the next few weeks, well begin accepting applications for theAssets for Artistsprogram. This program will offer matching grants to artists, coupled with training in money management, business planning, and other professional skills needed for success. And this fall, as part of a larger artist census effort well be collecting more information from artists regarding their housing needs helping us further quantify issues surrounding residential, live/work, and work studios.Another goal of the plan is to integrate arts and culture into all aspects of civic life. To do that, we know we need to integrate creative thinking into the work of every municipal department and all planning efforts, to use arts and culture for civic discourse, to ensure arts education and arts learning is available citywide and to integrate arts, culture and creativity into the public realm and urban environment.As the first cohort of theBoston Artist-in-Residence(Boston AIR) program comes to a close, more than 110 applications were submitted by artists who were interested in participating in the second phase of the program. The selection committee is currently reviewing the applications and later this month, ten artists will be selected to work in collaboration with the Boston Centers for Youth & Families. If you are interested in learning more about what one of our AIR artists worked on this past year, take a moment to read about Shaw Pong Lius work with the Boston Police Department in this article fromThe Boston Globe.  Just this week, we announced the availability of the RFP for theHyde Square public art project, asking artists and residents to submit their proposals for a public art installation that will be implemented in conjunction with the reconstruction of Hyde Square in the fall of 2017. The project is being funded through a commitment from the Department of Public Works, who allotted $100,000 of the budget for public art. Its a perfect example of how we can integrate arts and culture into all aspects of civic life. Over the next couple of months, we are going to continue to focus on implementing programs that address all of the goals outlined in the plan. Ill continue to keep you updated on our progress and as we move forward, please dont hesitate to reach out with any questionsRemember, Boston educates, innovates, incubates, celebrates, participates. And above all, Boston Creates.Enjoy the last few weeks of summer!
"The St. Anthony  St. Lucy s Feast in the North End, and the Caribbean Carnival in Dorchester and Roxbury, will impact traffic and parking on local streets. BTD suggests that people attending these events refrain from driving their personal vehicles into the city. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.thehubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round trip rather than a one-way ticket.The St. Anthony  St. Lucy Feast will take place from Thursday through Monday. The following streets will be closed to traffic on these days from 9 AM  12 AM:Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Thursday through Monday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows:The Caribbean Carnival will include two parades. The Jouvert Parade will begin at 6:30 AM on Talbot Avenue at Kerwin Street, and will proceed up Blue Hill Avenue to the Circuit Drive (Peabody Circle) entrance to Franklin Park. The Caribbean Carnival Parade will begin at 1 PM on Warren Street at Martin Luther King Boulevard and will proceed on Warren Street to Blue Hill Avenue, ending at the Circuit Drive (Peabody Circle) entrance to Franklin Park.The Boston Police Department will begin redirecting traffic away from the Caribbean Carnival Parade route at 11 AM. Temporary ""Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event"" parking restrictions will be in effect as follows."
"BOSTON - Saturday, August 20, 2016 - Leading up to the two year anniversary of the launch of My Brother's Keeper (MBK) Boston, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch of amini grant programdesigned to help maximize MBK's impact in improving outcomes for young people of color. The $100,000 mini grant program is being launched in partnership with The Boston Foundation.""In Boston, we are proud of our national leadership over the last two years in My Brother's Keeper,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""When Boston decided to answer the call from President Obama, we showed our city's commitment to build on our collective strengths, and expand opportunities for young men of color. Together we will make Boston a city where every single child has real opportunity to reach his or her potential.""""The Boston Foundation is proud that the Obama administration chose our city to help expand and localize its 'My Brother's Keeper' initiative,"" said Paul S. Grogan, President and CEO of the foundation. ""We are also proud to contribute $25,000 to 'My Brother's Keeper Boston.' And we have committed an additional $25,000 from The Boston Foundation's Grassroots Action Fund to support good ideas and effective programs that arise from MBKB. We at the Boston Foundation appreciate the value of small-dollar contributions and believe strongly that our partnership with this local effort will see meaningful and positive change in the lives of thousands of young men of color who have been stymied by persistent opportunity gaps.""During a celebration held at the Bolling Building, Mayor Walsh joined leadership from Root Cause to announce the release of a report, 'Mapping Momentum', that outlines recommended strategic priorities to improve life outcomes for Black and Latino boys and young men based on a scan of 142 surveyed nonprofits in the city. The report maps the landscape of programs and organizations serving Black and Latino youth, assessing both strengths and opportunities for improvement. The report is the result of a joint collaboration between the City of Boston, Root Cause and Dr. James Jennings.Key findings from the report include:There are hundreds of organizations and programs collectively serving approximately 40,000 Black and Latino boys across BostonThere is a need and opportunity to strategically coordinate these programs to build off the assets that Boston has in placeMBK Boston's explicit focus on Black and Latino young men is well-positioned to provide a central anchor point around its three target milestones:Graduating from high school ready for college and careerSuccessfully entering the workforceReducing youth violence and providing a second chance""The report underscores the need to re-evaluate the way we deliver supports and services for these young men and correctly puts pressure on us to coordinate so that we can achieve better results,"" said Andrew Wolk, co-author of the report and the Founder and CEO of Root Cause. ""We believe that it is particularly well timed, given Mayor Walsh's commitment to the successful implementation of My Brother's Keeper (MBK) in Boston we hope, in fact, that the report serves as a roadmap.""To lead this important effort, Mayor Walsh announced that Conan Harris will serve as the Director of MBK Boston, in addition to his current roles as the Deputy Director of Public Safety Initiatives in the Office of Public Safety. As the Director of MBK Boston, Harris will be responsible for working across city agencies, partners within the private and public sectors, as well as community-based organizations to support the development of our youth. As Deputy Director of Public Safety Initiatives, Harris has successfully strengthened the employment pipeline and mentorship opportunities for proven risk youth to better support their academic, professional and life success.""I have tremendous confidence in Conan based on the fantastic work he has done in our Office of Public Safety,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""His experience in strengthening ties across agencies and institutions to better serve and provide opportunities for our underserved youth make him a great fit for the role. Above all, his passion for My Brother's Keeper, and for helping positively shape the lives of our youth will help drive this important initiative forward.""Black and Latino boys and young men are a constituency of growing significance in Boston, representing more than half (52 percent) of all of Boston's males age 24 and under - a little more than 55,000 people - and more than two-thirds (67 percent) of all males age 17 and under.Since being launched in Boston nearly two years ago, MBK Boston has already achieved significant success in areas, such as:Scaling up Operation Exit by expanding it to include opportunities in the technology industry through apartnership with Resilient CodersRecruiting new mentors through theMayor's mentoring movement,and getting closer to reaching the goal of 1,000 mentorsContinuing support of youthsummer jobs and meaningful employmentby allocating $5 million to fund youth jobs through the Boston Centers for Youth & Families Division of Youth Engagement & Employment.Boston Public Schoolsteaming up with David Ortizto curb chronic absenteeism in our school system.Mayor Martin J. Walsh launched MBK Boston in September 2014, accepting President Barack Obama's MBK Community Challenge as part of theWhite House My Brother's Keeper (MBK)initiative to create positive pathways for youth, especially boys and young men of color. Over the past two years, Mayor Walsh established the MBK Boston Advisory Committee which led engagement within the community and developed a set of guiding recommendations to support milestones across education, employment, public safety and second chances. To learn more about MBK Boston or to get involved, visitwww.cityofboston.gov/mbk.Root Cause is a pragmatic partner to non-profits, foundations and governments. For over a decade, Root Cause has pioneered an efficient approach to services in strategic business planning, financial sustainability, performance measurement, and assessments and evaluation. Their team of consultants work with clients across the social sector, with particular expertise in education, employment and health. Together with leaders, Root Cause works to solve complex challenges, build capable organizations, assess impact and implement what's needed to turn strategies into action. Learn more about Root Cause.As Greater Boston's community foundation, the Boston Foundation devotes its resources to building and sustaining a vital, prosperous city and region, where justice and opportunity are extended to everyone. We fulfill this mission in three principal ways: 1) Making grants to nonprofit organizations and designing special funding initiatives to address this community's critical challenges 2) Working in partnership with donors and other funders to achieve high-impact philanthropy and 3) Serving as a civic hub and center of information, where ideas are shared, levers for change are identified, and common agendas for the future are developed."
Imagine Boston 2030 is hiring! Weve engaged more than 10,000 Bostonians over the last year but were not done yet. Were launching a street team this fall and we need your help to make it happen!The Imagine Boston Engagement Team will be visiting events in every single neighborhood of Boston to set up a mobile engagement station with fun and interactive activities. But these activities are more than just funtheyre important for the future of our city. You will be helping people learn about the crucial issues that the citywide plan will address, such as housing affordability, and give their own input on the best ways to address these issues.The most important qualification for street team members is being outgoing, personable, and enthusiastic.Experience in urban planning is not necessary.Training will be provided, as well as an orientation to get you up to speed on all things Imagine Boston 2030. This is apaidcontract position and can be full or part-time, depending on your schedule. Bilingual candidates (Spanish, Haitian Creole, Cape Verdean Creole, Chinese or Vietnamese) are strongly encouraged to apply.Interested? Please email your resume toNatalia.Urtubey@Boston.govwith the subject line Engagement Team.The last day to submit resumes for the Engagement Team will be Friday September 2 at 5 p.m.
The Fishermans Feast in the North End, concerts at Fenway Park and other events taking place around Boston this weekend will impact traffic and parking on local streets. BTD suggests that people attending these events refrain from driving their personal vehicles into the city. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found at www.thehubway.com and information on the MBTA may be found at www.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round trip rather than a one-way ticket.The Fishermans Feast will last throughout the weekend. Streets to be closed to traffic are:The hours that these closures will be in effect are:Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event parking restrictions will be in effect through Sunday as follows:Concerts at Fenway Park will require Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Thursday, Saturday and Sunday parking restrictions as follows:Tow Zone No Parking Reserved for HP-DV Parking Only Thursday, Saturday and Sunday parking restrictions will also be required as follows:Additionalstreets that will be closed to traffic for events taking place this weekend are as follows:Friday, August 19Saturday, August 20
"BOSTON - Tuesday, August 16, 2016 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) today launched an open source toolkit for the City of Boston's daily performance management system, CityScore. The open source toolkit will allow other cities and organizations to implement their own version of CityScore. CityScorecompiles key performance metrics from city departments every day to provide an at-a-glance view of the City's overall performance.""With CityScore, Boston has an opportunity to recognize our outstanding departments and programs, and identify which services we need to focus additional time and resources on,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Our goal in Boston is to best serve our constituents, and CityScoreis an invaluable, daily review of how we are serving Boston residents. I look forward to sharing our successful model with cities across the country.""The City of Boston's Analytics Team, under the Department of Innovation and Technology, today launched the toolkit to bring Boston's performance innovation to a wider audience. Using the CityScoretoolkit, cities, organizations or individuals can now use the City's toolkit to build their own, customizable version of CityScore.Providence, Rhode Island Miami, Florida and South Bend, Indiana have volunteered for city user testing. The CityScoretoolkit can be found on GitHub.""Open source software is a model for self-sustaining development,"" said Jascha Franklin-Hodge, Boston's Chief Information Officer. ""Other cities similar to Boston have their own analytics teams, and in opening up our CityScoremodel to a wider audience, we look forward to collaborating with cities and organizations to make our tool even better.""In addition to the launch of the CityScoretoolkit, Boston has released future plans for CityScore: adding additional content reflective of fiscal year 2017 priorities, as well as equipping all Cabinets with the tools needed to visualize and drive performance.The City of Boston utilizes CityScoreon a daily, weekly and monthly basis. Each day, metrics are displayed on the CityScoredashboard, where the public, Mayor Walsh, managers and City staff review the metrics. On a weekly basis, reports are compiled to track the City's week-to-week performance, and on a monthly basis, formal, in-depth discussions are held to discuss opportunities to improve service delivery based on performance outlined in CityScore.Since its creation in January 2016, CityScorehas led to several improvements within City services. By tracking Emergency Medical Services (EMS) response time through CityScore, officials found that increases in visitors and the City's resident population over the past several years led to a rise in emergency medical 911 calls, yet EMS' budget had not grown to allow them to hire more emergency medical technicians and replace aging ambulances. As a result, Mayor Walsh prioritized funding for EMS in the fiscal year 2017 budget. Ten replacement ambulances will be purchased and there will be a class of 20 new emergency medical technicians (EMTs) to serve Boston neighborhoods.Additionally, CityScorehas helped support an 18% increase in fixing street light outageswithin 10 daysas well as streamlined processes for repairing traffic signals. About CityScoreCityScoreis an initiative designed to inform the the public, Mayor and City managers about the overall health of the City at a moment's notice by aggregating key performance metrics into one number. CityScoreallows people to monitor the delivery of city services, and creates the opportunity to identify areas where the city is excelling and areas in need of improvement. Scores are determined by comparing current performance to either a target set by the city or a historical performance average. Scores at or above one indicate the City is surpassing or meeting specified targets or historical averages, scores below one are not.About the City of Boston's Analytics TeamThe Citywide Analytics Team's mission is to use data to improve quality of life and to enhance government operations in the City of Boston. By combining modern data analysis and visualizations with a deeply engaged approach to performance improvement and change management, the team works with departments across the City to solve challenging problems, build a more effective government, and deliver better outcomes for people who live and work in Boston."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, August 17, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that applications are now available forSeniors Save, a proactive program that helps income eligible seniors replace failing or inefficient heating systems before winter begins. Senior Saves is now being adopted as a permanent program, following a successful pilot program that began one year ago.""With cold weather approaching, we want to make sure our seniors can stay warm and safe,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Seniors living on fixed incomes may not always be able to afford important improvements to their homes or new heating systems. I'm proud that the City of Boston's Home Center is able provide the additional resources Boston seniors need so that they won't be cold this winter.""The Mayor made this announcement at the home of a longtime Roslindale resident Mr. Joseph Cappuccio. Mr. Cappuccio worked with the Boston Home Center's Seniors Save program to replace two boilers in his two family home in 2016.""Seniors Save is the best program in the City of Boston and I want to thank Mayor Walsh's Home Center,"" said Mr. Joseph Cappuccio. ""The workers did an excellent job. I've told other seniors about this great program so they can also get a new heating system like me!""The Mayor reminded seniors to replace their aging heating systems with new, energy efficient systems that will significantly lower their risks of heating emergencies during cold weather and will also reduce their energy bills, enabling them to expand their budgets for other necessities.""I love the Seniors Save program. We see people every day in our office that have trouble making ends meet and this program can really make a difference,"" said Commissioner of Affairs of the Elderly Emily Shea. ""I encourage all eligible senior homeowners to take advantage of this great opportunity.""Applications for the Seniors Save program are currently available through the Boston Home Center (BHC), by visiting theDepartment of Neighborhood Development's website, or by contacting one of the BHC's partner senior agencies. To qualify, income-eligible seniors must be 60 years of age or older and must be the occupants of a residential one-to-four family property or condominium in the City of Boston. The program is open to seniors whose income does not exceed 80 percent of median family income, as determined by theUS Department of Housing and Urban Development. Eligible homeowners will receive a $3,500 grant towards upgrades to their heating systems. Any additional funding is available in the form of a zero percent interest, deferred loan, which will only be payable on the sale of the property, a refinance or transfer of the title. Once a senior citizen submits an application, BHC Construction Specialists will work with the homeowner on the scope of the project, and will help select a contractor from the BHC's pre-approved, licensed and insured contractor list. A BHC Construction Specialist will then oversee the work from start to finish.To learn more about Seniors Save and to apply for the program residents are invited to contact (617) 635-HOME, or visit the Boston Home Centerwebsite."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, August 16, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today officially opened a new bike share station adjacent to the Roxbury YMCA on Martin Luther King Boulevard. He was joined by local residents, members of several community organizations and representatives of the Barr Foundation for a ceremonial first ""docking"" of the bikes. This year, Hubway will add ten new stations in Roxbury and Dorchester, and ten more in East Boston, bringing the total number of stations in Boston to 125 by the end of 2016.Nine of the ten Roxbury and Dorchester stations already are available for use. They are located at:The tenth station will be installed in the Four Corners area.""New Balance Hubway is a great way for people to get around their neighborhoods and the rest of the City, while staying active,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm excited to bring this City service directly to the people who live and work in Roxbury and neighborhoods in Dorchester.""""By locating new stations in Roxbury, Dorchester, East Boston and other residential areas, we are offering connections to Boston's neighborhoods,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. ""Bike sharing is another form of public transportation, and we look forward to seeing more residents give it a try and take a ride on Hubway.""""It has been our privilege to support Hubway from its earliest days, and our pleasure to see how readily Bostonians and visitors have embraced cycling as a way to get around the city, and to go car-free if they want to,"" said Mary Skelton Roberts, senior program officer for Climate at the Barr Foundation. ""We are excited to bring that choice within reach of even more people with Hubway's latest expansion into Roxbury and Dorchester.""The City of Boston runs the country's longest-standing program to provide discounted Hubway memberships to low-income residents of Boston. Qualifying Bostonians are able to purchase an annual membership for just $5, which comes with a free helmet.For people who have biked or who would like to refresh their skills, information on a variety of available classes in and around regional Boston can be found on our Boston Bikes page.Hubway is a regional public bike share system with 170 stations and over 1600 bikes across Boston, Brookline, Cambridge, and Somerville. Today, more than 14,000 people are members of the program and thousands of casual users purchase short-term passes. Since launching five years ago, Hubway riders have taken 4.6 million trips and counting. Learn more about the program."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, August 16, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that Lydia Edwards, JD, LLM has been appointed to head the newly-formed Office of Housing Stability. As a Deputy Director within the Department of Neighborhood Development, Edwards will be responsible for programs to assist Boston residents in housing crisis - whether due to eviction, landlord-tenant disputes, rent escalations, unplanned loss of housing, or any other rental housing emergency. In addition, the office will be responsible forcollecting eviction data, evaluating for trends and responding accordingly.""Housing affordability and preserving long term tenancies are critical to strong stable neighborhoods,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""I know that with pressure on rents in Boston, some residents may face eviction and displacement. We need to do everything in our power to make sure that tenants know their rights, and put policies in place to support those at risk of displacement. I welcome Lydia Edwards to our team, and am confident her broad experience and passion for this work will be an asset to our city.""In his 2016 State of the City address, Mayor Walsh announced that the City would be forming an Office of Housing Stability to create efficiencies and better coordination of resources for tenants. The Office of Housing Stability will combine and focus the efforts of several existing City programs, in addition to adding additional capacity for this work. The leadership of this new office will report directly to the City of Boston's Chief of Housing.Services Boston residents will be able to access will include:In addition, the Office of Housing Stability will lead research, create recommendations, and implement new and improved policies and programs to make sure Boston residents are able to retain their homes. The office will be charged with drafting and reviewing new legislative and other public policy solutions to mitigate displacement, and will create new City programs to ensure housing stability in Boston's neighborhoods. Ms. Edwards comes to the City from Greater Boston Legal Services, where she served as the Equal Justice Works Fellow. She represented domestic workers who survived labor trafficking, helping secure back wages and immigration relief. She also helped draft, implement and enforce the recently enacted Domestic Workers' Bill of Rights and coordinate state wide implementation of the new law.An East Boston resident, Ms. Edwards has also served as a clerk for Massachusetts Appeals Court Justice R. Marc Kantrowitz, and as Law Clerk to the Justices of the Massachusetts Superior Court. She has a Masters of Law from Boston University's School of Law, holds a JD from American University Washington College of Law, and is aSumma Cum Laudegraduate of Marymount College of Fordham University."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, August 16, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of a Request for Proposals (RFP) calling on artists and residents to submit their proposals for a public art project in Hyde Square, located in Jamaica Plain. The Public Works Department (PWD) and the Boston Art Commission (BAC) within the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, in coordination with Hyde Square Task Force, Hyde Jackson Square Main Street and local residents, invite artists to submit their proposals. The selected public art proposal will be implemented in conjunction with the reconstruction of Hyde Squareat theintersection of Centre Street, Perkins Street, and Day Streetin Fall 2017.""The Hyde Square public art RFP is a great opportunity for local artists and residents to share their creative vision for this dynamic area of Jamaica Plain, and we encourage all qualified residents to apply,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""As we continue to invest in public art across the city, we look forward to engaging the community in opportunities that embrace the diversity of people and cultures that make up each Boston neighborhood.""The deadline to apply for the $100,000 project isSeptember 14, 2016 at 5:00 p.m.This public art project is part of a larger project where PWD will reconstruct the intersection of Centre Street, Perkins Street, and Day Street, collectively known as Hyde Square. Enhancements will include increased sidewalk widths, traffic and pedestrian safety improvements, new lighting, and landscaping. A major goal of this project is to create a sense of place and enhance the public realm with artwork, which is what this request for proposal seeks to accomplish.The RFP is open to all professional artists, artisans, architects, landscape architects, or teams with experience in public art, site responsive design, project management, and construction administration. Professionals from the Jamaica Plain/Hyde/Jackson Square neighborhoods are encouraged to apply. The RFP was shaped by community feedback gathered earlier this summer and the successful proposal will celebrate the multi-generational and diverse populations and cultures of Hyde Square.All questions regarding the RFP should be submitted toBAC@boston.govbyMonday, August 22 at 9am. Answers to any questions received will be postedonMonday, August 29.One artist will be selected in early Fall.""By partnering with the Public Works Department and the Hyde Square Task Force, this project helps move forward the Boston Creates Cultural Plan, which calls for integrating arts, culture and creativity into our urban environment,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""We look forward to a project that embraces the values defined by the neighborhood while encouraging social engagement.""To see the full RFP visit theCity's Supplier Portalor go to the BAC's""Call to Artists"" page.Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture (MOAC)The Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture's mission is to support artists, the cultural sector, and to promote access to the arts for all. The office houses the Boston Cultural Council, the Boston Art Commission, and the Poet Laureate program. Responsibilities include leading up the City's cultural plan, Boston Creates managing the Boston Artist-in-Residence program curating exhibitions in City Hall and operating the historic Strand Theater in Dorchester.For more information, clickhere.Boston Art CommissionThe Boston Art Commission (BAC), an independent board ofarts leaderscharged with the care and custody of all artworks on City of Boston property, advocates for the creation of innovative and transformative art and promotes its accessibility to enrich the lives of Boston's diverse citizens and visitors. The Art Commission advises, supports, and consults with artists and communities, City departments, and others. It commissions, approves, and conserves the City of Boston's collection of art and historical artifacts.For more information, clickhere.Hyde Square Task ForceHyde Square Task Force (HSTF) is an award-winning youth development and social change organization based in the Hyde/Jackson Square area of Jamaica Plain, also known as Boston's Latin Quarter. Its mission is to develop the skills of youth and their families so they are empowered to enhance their own lives and build a strong and vibrant urban community. Through high-quality arts, academic, and leadership programming, HSTF serves more than 1,200 youth each year from all over Boston.For more information, clickhere.Hyde Jackson Square Main StreetHyde Jackson Square Main Street's mission is to create a safe, visually vibrant, economically sound business district in Hyde and Jackson Squares. The Hyde and Jackson Square neighborhood is rich with a variety of stores, businesses, and residences. People here hail from many different countries and speak many languages. Centre Street is the cross-road of the neighborhood where people greet each other, share stories, play, exercise, and shop.For more information, clickhere."
Since September 2015, the Imagine Boston team has heard a ton of great ideas from Bostonians about how the future of the city can be one where residents of all neighborhoods, races and incomes canthrive. Weve taken your input and developed a set of potential initiatives that will help us make this shared vision a reality.This summer is our chance to put some ideas out and see whether they resonate with Bostonians before we start prioritizing and diving into the details of where and how to implement them.Atcommunity workshopsaround the city we asked participants torate these emerging ideas, including everything from building new carbon neutral districts, to making streetlights responsive to traffic, to creating new job centers along the Fairmount Line.At the workshops we asked participants to place all of their postcards on a scale to rate each from most to least important to the city and important for my life. The variety of opinions was fascinating to see, but there were a few areas where most people agreed.Connected Citywas a topic that participants consistently rated as important to the city and important for my life. Comments focused on the importance of affordable public transit and safe bike routes. We had discussions in Dorchester, Mattapan and Chinatown about the need to improve service on the Fairmount Line, and also to make sure that there is housing for different income levels near train stations. As an East Boston resident put it, Boston was not built for cars any way that we can encourage transit, walking, biking, etc. will make the city safer and more enjoyable as it grows.Climate Ready Citywas another topic that most people felt was important. The initiatives that resonated most strongly were around reducing energy use, producing more energy locally (such as rooftop solar panels), and building streets and open spaces that help absorb stormwater and cool the city during heat waves. One Charlestown resident urged the city to launch an awareness building campaign about impact of climate change on the city and consequences of inaction.The topic ofHealthy Residentswas also ranked highly by workshop participants. A number of people commented on the need for increased access to affordable, healthy food in certain parts of the city. For example, a workshop participant in Mattapan commented thaturban neighborhoods are in desperate need of more healthy food options and restaurants.We also heard lots of enthusiasm for more walkable and bikeable streets in order to enable residents to get more exercise. As one Roxbury participant noted, we needhealthy, safe ways to walk and bike without worrying about harm from cars or gun violence.Neighborhoods that areAffordableandEconomically Mobile Residentsalso resonated with workshop participants. A Charlestown resident hit on a common theme with the suggestion thatdevelopers need to be encouraged to build more middle-income housing.A Dorchester resident shared ideas about how we can improve affordability by raising incomes:encourage businesses to provide training to advance careers of [the] least trained workforce. We need to support local businesses and pay respectable wages- none of this work 3 jobs to stay afloat. Minimum wage should be more than $15.Thanks to all who attended these community workshops and weighed in on the emerging ideas! You can check out some of thephotosfrom our recent community workshops on Facebook.Unable to make it to one of these workshops? We still want to hear from you! Where do you think the city should be investing? Share your input on ouremerging ideas online, or tell us what you think of these ideasonTwitter,FacebookandInstagramusing #ImagineBoston. Dont forget to sign up for Imagine Bostonupdates!
"BOSTON -Monday, August 15, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Mayor's Office of Emergency Management (OEM) today announced significant improvements to the City's emergency notification system, AlertBoston. The AlertBoston system allows residents, businesses and visitors to the City of Boston to be notified and aware in the event of an emergency.The management system upgrades will now allow residents to receive emergency notifications via phone, text or email. Recognizing the diverse nature of Boston's population, the new AlertBoston system also allows City officials to broadcast information in four different languages. Messages such as severe weather warnings, parking ban announcements and street closure information will now be transmitted in English, Spanish, French and Chinese (Hong Kong dialect). The new AlertBoston system will also allow for ""tailored messaging."" With tailored outreach, an emergency message can either be sent City-wide, or solely to areas directly affected by a particular event. ""AlertBoston has long provided an easy and secure method for being notified during an emergency, and the improvements to AlertBoston reflect the City's commitment to ensuring all residents receive timely, vital information in a format and language accessible to them,"" said Mayor Walsh.The improvements to the system reflect the feedback the City of Boston received from residents.The AlertBoston system was developed by a company called CodeRED, a provider of alert systems to cities and towns throughout the United States. CodeRED has a mobile alert app that can be downloaded for free, and allows visitors who are enrolled in their local alert programs at home to receive AlertBoston notifications in Boston.""By enrolling in AlertBoston and taking advantage of the notification program, residents are taking an important step in safeguarding themselves and their families,"" said Rene Fielding, Director of the Office of Emergency Management.To enroll in AlertBoston, visit the Mayor's Office of Emergency Management (OEM) website."
"BOSTON -Friday, August 12, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced Morgan Jaffe as the Station Manager for the newlow-power FM (LPFM) radio station for Boston's WBCA 102.9, programmed and operated by the Boston Neighborhood Network (BNN). As station manager, Jaffe will be responsible for developing programming, generating show concepts, and overseeing the everyday operations of the station, which is designed to serve neighborhood communities throughout Boston.""Morgan's hire is a vital next step in building Boston's community radio station,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The WBCA 102.9 radio station is a forum for neighborhoods to discuss and learn about issues and topics that are relevant to them, and I look forward to the station becoming a resource for all Bostonians.""Jaffe is a broadcasting and media literacy educator, and was formerly the Training & Operations Manager for KAOS 89.3 FM-Olympia, a community radio station at the Evergreen State College in Olympia, WA. Jaffe graduated from the Warner School of Education with her MS in Teaching & Curriculum with a focus in digital media and literacy.""I'm thrilled to be joining the WBCA 102.9 team, and I look forward to implementing radio programs that will serve Boston's neighborhoods and communities,"" said Jaffe.""We are looking forward to bringing this new media training opportunity to Bostonians,"" said Curtis Henderson, BNN General Manager. ""Partnering with Boston youth groups is one of our top priorities, and I welcome Morgan as a partner in our community programs.""At WBCA 102.9, Jaffe will work with a support staff from BNN to assist with training, outreach and promotion of radio programs. In May, the City held public meetings to discuss how the new community radio station could best serve Boston neighborhoods. BNN is continuing to develop new opportunities for community participation for new programming and concepts for the show.""We are enthusiastic about Boston Community Radio and encourage residents, organizations, and educational institutions to become involved in this exciting opportunity,"" said Sarah-Ann Shaw, Vice-President, BNN Board of Directors.About Boston's WBCA 102.9 FMBoston's WBCA 102.9 FM debuted on-air in June, and operates6:00 p.m. - 2:00 a.m.daily. Broadcasts feature current BNN programming including BNNLivestudio programs and Boston Neighborhood Network News nightly at 6:00 p.m. The show also includes late evening programming as a resource for local artists, bands, musicians, poets and performers. BNN is developing new opportunities for community participation for new programming and concepts for the show.Because multiple qualified community organizations applied for the one available LPFM license for the Boston market, a sharing agreement was created under FCC guidelines. The signal is shared with Lasell College from10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., daily and Global Ministries from2:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m.FCC LPFM Background In 2013, the FCC opened up applications for Low-Power FM (LPFM) Radio licenses to community and civic organizations. This was the first license application window in more than 10 years for local Low-Power FM Radio licenses. The City of Boston applied for the open FCC LPFM license to provide public safety programming to Boston residents via LPFM radio on a regular and frequent basis as a source of news and information and, also, in the event of any local or regional emergency.Boston was granted a license-to-construct permit in 2015 for a new FCC Low Power FM (LPFM) radio station."
Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh and City of Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca will be working with the Boston City Council to pursue lowering the default speed limit in the City of Boston from 30 mph to 25 mph.Reducing the default speed limit from 30 mph to 25 mph will help to make the city safer for people of all ages and abilities who are walking, driving, and bicycling on our streets. The new, lower speed limit would be a major early accomplishment for our Vision Zero goal: bringing the number of traffic deaths and serious injuries to zero by 2030. Data show when youre driving at or below 25 mph, you are more able to avoid crashes.Pedestrians struck by drivers traveling at 25 mph are half as likely to die as those struck by drivers traveling at 30 mph.Tefft, 2011Bostons 25 mph default speed limit would be on par with other U.S. cities, such as New York City, Los Angeles, and Washington, D.C., that have made it a priority to reduce fatalities and serious injuries on their streets. Many major cities around the world, including London, Paris, Berlin, and Tokyo, have a speed limit set at 25 mph or lower and have fewer traffic deaths.Reducing the speed limit wont have an impact on your ability to move efficiently throughout Boston. Vehicle speed is primarily determined by factors like traffic congestion, double-parked vehicles, turning vehicles, and traffic signals. A lower speed limit will not impact speeds during the most congested times of day, when many drivers already travel at speeds below 25 mph.Reaching our goal of zero traffic fatalities and serious injuries will require everyone  drivers, bicyclists, and pedestrians alike  to join together to be part of the solution. Legislative efforts, like lowering the speed limit, combined with enhanced street design, education and enforcement policies work together to create a street system and standard of behavior that dramatically lessens the consequences of everyday mistakes. Mistakes can and will happen, but they should not be deadly or lead to serious, life-altering injury.When drivers are going 25 mph, drivers and pedestrians have more time to see each other and react. This small 5 mph decrease in speed means that many crashes can be avoided altogether, and, if a crash happens, its less likely to cause serious injury or death. If a crash does happen, research shows that pedestrians struck by drivers going 25 mph are half as likely to be killedas those struck by drivers at 30 mph. (Tefft, 2011)This new law is one aspect of Mayor Walshs comprehensive Vision Zero Action Plan to end traffic deaths and serious injuries. The plan sets out a robust platform of additional legislation, street design, and education to reduce traffic fatalities in Boston. You can learn more about Vision Zero by visiting visionzeroboston.org.With City Councils approval, as of January 1, 2017, the 25 mph default citywide speed limit will affect all streets where there is no posted speed limit.If you dont see a posted sign, the speed limit is 25 mph.Before and after the law goes into effect, well work to inform people of the new default speed limit through a widespread public outreach campaign. Additionally, old 30 mph signs will be replaced, and new signs will be posted telling people about the 25 mph speed limit at important entry points into the City.We will continue to sign some smaller streets for speeds less than 25 mph. This includes safety zones and areas where there are traffic calming measures in place.We will also continue to sign some larger streets, such as limited access highways or major arterial streets, at or above 30 mph. Since these kinds of roads are meant to serve people traveling at higher speeds, we will study these locations before dropping the speed limit.Compliance will be our main measure for success, and we hope that everyone will choose to drive at safe speeds. However, the Boston Police Department is committed to achieving Vision Zero and will use enforcement to deter violations of the speed limit.Please keep in mind that the penalty for violating the speed limit will not change. The fine for exceeding the speed limit in Massachusetts is $105. If you drive more than 10 mph over the speed limit, you have to also pay $10 for each mile per hour that you are over.Drivers may get more penalties, but it depends on the severity of the ticket and the persons driving history. Drivers also get points on their license for speeding.If you have questions about the proposed speed limit change please e-mail visionzero@boston.gov.---Thanks to the New York Department of Transportation for sharing the basis for this document.Sources:Tefft, Brian C. Impact Speed and a Pedestrians Risk of Severe Injury or Death, AAA Foundation for Traffic Safety, Washington DC, September, 2011
One example is the new guides on Boston.gov. But while they present curated information and tasks from across City departments in one place, people still have to find that place.Naturally, we wondered if we could save them searching and bring that information to them when they needed it most.All the various transactions residents complete with City, like requesting a moving truck permits or registering for resident parking, provide us not just a lot of data but also a snapshot of a time you may need something specific from the City.If we could connect the dots between these siloed data sources, could we 'guess' who may be a new resident to Boston and provide them relevant information? Would it be helpful or just plain creepy?We decided to try and find out whether email would be an effective way to engage new residents who could use some help getting settled in.We sent two versions of the message so we could learn what information would be most helpful. One email showcased311,neighborhood services, and City events, while the other focused onhaving a car,registering to vote, and thetrash day app. Both included links to the full moving guide page as well.This turned out not to be as easy as wed expected. The Citys Assessing database gives us a sense of who might be new homeowners, but we wanted to include renters too (and the assessing rolls dont have email addresses). We decided that moving truck permits and residential parking permits were better sources. However, both of these have their limitations: a moving truck applicant might be leaving the city, not moving in, and a parking permit applicant might be a new car owner but not a new resident.In order to avoid sending messages to long-time residents, we excluded anyone registered to vote in Boston as of April 1, 2016. We considered only moving truck permits issued on 4/1/2016 or later.Weve received feedback about how to improve the emails and the rate of opens and click-throughs has been high. In future iterations of this pilot, we might provide an opt-in system for signing up to receive new resident information, or we might focus on identifying new movers from other types of outreach we already do, like in-person events around big move days like September 1.Weve since discovered that we made an error in our date matching on the parking permits, so if you have an active parking permit that was issued before April, and you arent registered to vote (or your voter record didnt match for some reason), we may still have emailed you. If youre in that group, we apologize for the not-quite-as-relevant email hopefully it contained some new information!If youre a current resident, we'd love to hear what your experience moving to Boston was like. What would have made your move easier? How and where would you like the City to communicate with you as a new resident? Do you have creative ideas for how we might identify new residents to the City? Email us at feedback@boston.gov.
"BOSTON - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today issued the following statement relative to lowering the default speed limit in Boston:""I am pleased that H. 4565,An Act modernizing municipal finance and government, signed by the Governor this week, will give municipalities the authority to lower default speed limits. Commissioner Fiandaca and I look forward to working with the Boston City Council once this law goes into effect to lower the default speed limit in Boston from 30 MPH to25MPH.We know that lower speed limits are an important tool in reducing fatal and serious crashes and creating safer streets for people of all ages and abilities who are walking, driving, and bicycling. A lower speed limit in Boston would be a major early accomplishment for our Vision Zero goal: bringing the number of traffic deaths and serious injuries to zero by 2030.""Boston's full Vision Zero Action Plan may be read here."
BOSTON -Wednesday, August 10, 2016- With temperatures expected to reach or exceed 90 degrees for the next several days, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today declared a heat emergency in Boston effectivetomorrow.Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF)will be open for use as cooling centers for the public to use beginningon Thursday. View thefull list of centers including hours of operation.The Mayor issued the following heat safety tips for all members of the public:Playground Safety: Children should always wear shoes on playgrounds because surfaces can become extremely hot and cause burns, even splash pads and spray decks.Outdoor Fires and Grilling:No outdoor fires are allowed in Boston, including fire pits, chimneys, and bonfires.Charcoal grills must be on the ground and away from buildings. Keep in mind the wind and never leave unattended. When done, dispose of the ash in a metal container once completely out.Propane tank grills are only allowed on first floor porches with steps to the ground. Do not place propane tank grills near air conditioners or up against a building. Make sure all connections are tight and never carry propane tanks into a home.Grills should always be used in a well-ventilated area.Mosquitoes and Ticks:If you are in a grassy or wooded area, apply a DEET containing repellent that will protect against mosquitoes AND ticks. Always check yourself, children and pets for ticks after returning indoors and remove attached ticks immediately using tweezers. Mosquito bites can spread West Nile virus (WNV) and Eastern Equine Encephalitis (EEE), while attached ticks can spread Lyme disease.Wear long sleeve shirts, long pants and socks to prevent mosquito bites. Limit your time outdoors between dusk and dawn when mosquitoes are most active and apply an approved mosquito repellent.To prevent mosquitoes from breeding, residents should limit places around the home where standing water can collect. People should turn over unused flower pots, buckets, wheelbarrows, and garbage cans remove leaves and other debris that can clog gutters and trap water dispose of or cover old tires and cover swimming pools when not in use.
The Madonna Della Cava Feast in the North End, the Dominican Parade in the Back Bay and Downtown, and the August Moon Festival in Chinatown, will all take place over the upcoming weekend.The Madonna Della Cava Feast will begin on Thursday, August 11, and last throughout the weekend. Streets to be closed to traffic are Hanover Street, between Charter and Commercial Streets, and Battery Street, between Hanover and Commercial Streets, during the days and times noted below.No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Thursday through Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as followsThe Dominican Parade will take place on Sunday, August 14. Boylston Street will be closed to traffic between Massachusetts Avenue and Exeter Street, from 10:30 a.m.to 11:45 a.m. for set-up, and the full parade route will be closed through approximately 3:30 p.m.At 12 Noon the parade will begin with 5,000 marchers starting on Boylston Street at Dartmouth Street, proceeding along Boylston Street, turning left onto Tremont Street, and continuing onto Cambridge Street to City Hall Plaza, where the Dominican Festival will take place.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect at the following locations.The August Moon Festival will take place on Sunday, August 14. The following streets will be closed to traffic on Sunday from 7 a.m.to 6 p.m.. Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect at these same locations.Marion Street, East Boston, closed to traffic from Trenton street to Lexington Street, from 10 a.m.to 3 p.m., for a Vietnamese Mothers Day CelebrationWebster Street, Hyde Park, closed to traffic from Central Avenue to River Street, from 11:30 a.m. to 5 p.m., for a Health Fair/Back to School Celebration Fun Day
"BOSTON -Friday, August 5, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Laila Bernstein as the City of Boston's first Advisor to the Mayor for the Initiative to End Chronic Homelessness. The position, which was first outlined in the City's""Action Plan to End Veteran and Chronic Homelessness in Boston"", was created to help lead the City's reform of its homelessness system, and to enhance collaboration with the Mayor and City departments, as well as between private, public and non-profit stakeholders. ""Laila has proven her capacity to lead the City and our partners through major reforms to the homeless response system, skillfully navigating the perspectives of diverse - and at times competing - stakeholders and bureaucracies,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""She is absolutely committed to action, and to getting results, and has the vision and expertise that we need to reach our ambitious goals.""Ms. Bernstein has been working on the Initiative from the Department of Neighborhood Development since fall of 2014. During that time, the City of Boston has ended chronic homelessness among veterans, reduced the number of homeless veterans on any given night to the lowest count ever seen in Boston, and is now scaling that work to encompass all chronically homeless people in the City. In order to successfully expand the effort, the City will need to bring in new partners, including business leaders, additional state agencies, non-profits, and faith groups. Ms. Bernstein will expand the coalition in these areas in order to develop the necessary resources to meet the City's goals. The City's Department of Neighborhood Development will continue to organize the implementation of the plan, in partnership with the Boston Public Health Commission and the Boston Housing Authority. Prior to her work at the Department of Neighborhood Development, Bernstein was the Director of Data and Evaluation for the Massachusetts Interagency Council on Housing and Homelessness, where she analyzed homelessness policy to inform investments in supportive housing. Her recommendations affected over $200 million in FY2012 and FY2013 state budgets. She co-authored of Massachusetts' first strategic plan to prevent and end homelessness among veterans, and managed $8 million in contracts with ten regional Networks to End Homelessness across the Commonwealth.She also served as a project manager at Victory Programs, Inc., where she led a multi-year research project under contract with the Massachusetts Department of Public Health that resulted in a comprehensive needs assessment for people living with HIV/AIDS and disabilities. Also in that role, she co-designed the strategic plan for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development's Office of HIV Housing as a member of the national HIV/AIDS Housing Work Group. Bernstein holds dual Master's degrees in Public Policy and Social Work from the University of Michigan. She lives in Jamaica Plain.To mark one year of work on the City's action plan to end chronic and veteran homelessness the City compiled aone-year report on the plan's accomplishments.To date, Boston has ended chronic homelessness among veterans by housing more than 650 homeless veterans and more than 100 chronically homeless individuals in only six months, and by reforming the housing and service delivery system for homeless individuals.Other highlights of the work include last week's ""housing surge"" for chronically homeless seniors, where 16 seniors were connected on the spot to available apartments and services through a new partnership with the Boston Housing Authority and the state's Executive Office of Elder Affairs.For more information on the City's efforts to end chronic and veteran homelessness, please visitBoston's Way Homeon the City's new website, and follow the initiative on Twitter at@BostonsWayHome."
"BOSTON -Thursday, August 4, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the launch ofThe Opportunity Fund, a pilot grant program designed to support individual artists in activities that help them share their work with the public or teach others, continue their professional development and hone their skills. The fund is one of the early stage implementation programs in support of local artists that was announced when the Boston Creates Cultural Plan was unveiled in mid-June.Applications for grants up to $1,000 will be accepted on a monthly basis on the first of every month. Up to $10,000 in funding will be available each month to support specific needs such as materials,professional development, conference fees, travel related to professional development, stipends for teaching artists, or anything that helps an artist share their work with the public. Teachers may also apply to help fund cultural field trips. ""When we launched Boston's cultural plan, we talked about finding ways to enable artists to create and showcase their best and most innovative work,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""There is a tremendous amount of creativity in Boston and the Opportunity Fund is one way we can help them find the resources they need to thrive.""Artists living or working in the City of Boston are eligible to apply for a grant. Grants are also available to teachers at schools located in Boston, teaching artists offering workshops in a Boston Public Library, Boston Center for Youth & Families, senior housing or a senior center, or a non-profit social service agency in Boston. Grants will be distributed every month except for October and April, when other Boston Cultural Council grant applications are due. Individuals may only receive grant funding from the Opportunity Fund once per year. This pilot program is expected to evolve to meet the needs of local artists, with guidelines likely to be refined or expanded as the program progresses.""The Opportunity Fund will allow us to help artists when they need it, when a small investment grant can help them to take advantage of the chance to showcase their work or learn a new skill,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""It was created to enable artists to share their work with others throughout the year. We're excited about getting the Fund started.""All grantees will be required to submit a final report that describes the outcomes of the experience and how the funds were spent.For more information or to apply, visitthe Boston Cultural Council website.About the Boston Creates Cultural PlanThe cultural plan was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long term. The full cultural plan can be found online on their website.About the Boston Cultural CouncilThe Boston Cultural Council (BCC), under the umbrella of the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, annually distributes funds allocated by the City of Boston and the Massachusetts Cultural Council, a state agency, to support innovative arts, humanities and interpretive sciences programming that enhances the quality of life in our city. For more information, please visithere.About the Mayor's Office of Arts and CultureThe Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture works to enhance the quality of life, the economy, and the design of the City through the arts. The role of the arts in all aspects of life in Boston is reinforced via equitable access to arts and culture in every community, its public institutions, and public places. Key areas of work include support to the cultural sector through grants and programs, as well as the production and permitting of art in public places. For more information, please visithere."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, August 3, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today filed an ordinance to establish a restaurant and food truck letter grading system to protect consumers and provide them with information about recent health inspections. If passed, the policy will allow inspectors to transmit violations noted into a numerical point system, which in turn will be assessed to a letter grade and prominently placed on the exterior wall of the establishment.""Boston's restaurants play a strong role in fueling our local economy,and it is our job to ensure these establishments are adhering to all required codes to protect Boston's residents and visitors,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""By creating a grading system, we are providing an extra layer of transparency and accountability for restaurants and consumers.""There are approximately 3,000 restaurants in the City of Boston that are inspected at least twice per year. Restaurants found to be at a higher risk for foodborne illness (high number of critical violations) are subject to additional inspections throughout the year. All inspection reports are available to the publichere.In accordance to the Federal Food Code, points will be based on the following three categories of violations: foodborne critical, non-foodborne critical and non-critical. The ordinance will allow each category of violations to be assigned numerical points, which are deducted from a point score of 100 during the inspection to include the following: Inspections will issue the establishment's letter grade to correspond to the score as follows:""The newly proposed ordinance will not only allow for accountability, but transparency as well,"" said Inspectional Services DepartmentCommissioner William Christopher. ""Posting the letter grades will allow the public to have more information as they make their decisionas to where they want to dine.""ISD worked with members of the Massachusetts Restaurant Association (MRA) to garner feedback on the proposal, and will continue to engage prior to implementing the letter grading system.""Food safety is every restaurant operators' first priority,""said Bob Luz, President and Chief Executive of the Massachusetts Restaurant Association. ""A health inspection represents a single snapshot in time and there will need to be an educational component to the dining public in regards to this new system.We are thankful to the City for engaging in a thoughtful dialogue and exchanging of ideas to address the concerns that undoubtedly will arise as a result of changing to a letter grading system.""Restaurants that do not earn an ""A"" during the initial inspection will automatically be re-inspectedwithin 30 days. During the inspection the establishment will be given the opportunity to improve its letter grade by correcting the violations. If all violations have been corrected, the inspector will adjust the establishments score to reflect the most recent inspection and a new grade will be issued. If more than one re-inspection is requested, the owner/manager must pay an ""off hour inspection"" fee and the issued letter grade will be evaluated. Failure to post the letter grade will result in a penalty of $300.00.About the Inspectional Services Dept. (ISD)The Inspectional Services Department (ISD) is comprised of five regulatory divisions whose aim is to protect and improve the quality of life for all Boston residents by effectively administering and enforcing building, housing, health, sanitation and safety regulations mandated by City and State governments.About the Massachusetts Restaurant Association (MRA) Founded in 1934, the Massachusetts Restaurant Association (MRA) is a trusted not-for-profit association committed to the advancement of the foodservice industry in the state of Massachusetts. The MRA exists to help food and beverage providers succeed through education, cost-savings programs, networking, and government advocacy. Together with the Massachusetts Restaurant Association Education Foundation, the MRA works to promote current and future industry leaders. Learn more at on their website."
Newbury Street in Bostons Back Bay, between Berkeley Street and Massachusetts Avenue, will be closed to traffic on Sunday, August 7, 2016, from 10 AM to 6 PM, for Open Newbury Street, a one day car-free event. Additional street closures for the event include Exeter Street from Commonwealth Avenue to Newbury StreetFairfield Street from Boylston Street to Newbury Street and Gloucester Street from Commonwealth Avenue to Newbury Street. All other cross streets along Newbury Street will remain open.Temporary No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect on both sides of Newbury Street, between Berkeley Street and Massachusetts Avenue.Saturday, August 6Wednesday, August 3, through Sunday, August 7The Saint Agrippina Feastwill takeplace in the North End. Streets to be closed to traffic are Hanover Street, between Charter and Commercial Streets and Battery Street, between Hanover and Commercial Streets. On Wednesday, these streets will be closed from 5 PM to 12 AM. Thursday through Sunday,these streetswill be closed from 9 AM to 12 AM.Temporary No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Wednesday through Sunday parking restrictions will be:Wednesday, August 3, Friday, August 5, and Sunday, August 7Concerts taking place at Fenway Park will require temporary No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Wednesday, Friday and Sunday, 2 PM to 11:59 PM parking restrictions as follows.As well as Tow Zone No Parking Reserved for HP-DV Parking Only Wednesday, Friday and Sunday as follows.TD strongly suggests that people attending these events refrain from driving their personal vehicles into the city. TryHubway, the regional bike-share service,or take the theMBTA. For a faster return trip, theMBTA advises riders to purchase a round trip rather than a one-way ticket.
At the request of neighborhood residents, the Boston Transportation Department is expanding the Roxbury Resident Parking Program to include the left side of Norfolk Street, between Higland and Lambert Streets. Two Hour Parking, Monday through Friday, 8 AM to 6 PM, Roxbury Resident Permits Exempt parking regulations are being implemented to ensure that residents are given preference to on street parking spaces in the area. Signs will be posted by August 12 and followed up with the distribution of courtesy notices by Parking Enforcement Officers. Actual enforcement of the new Roxbury Resident Parking Regulations will begin on Monday, August 29, 2016, with vehicles parked in violation subject to a $40 parking ticket fine.When the new program goes into effect, it will be necessary for a Roxbury Resident Parking Permit to be affixed tothe passenger side, rear windshield of the vehicle in order for the vehicle to legally park in Resident Permit Parking Only spaces on Norfolk Street. Residents may apply for a permit as follows.Applications may also be dropped off at the City Hall to Go Truck  please see https://www.boston.gov/departments/city-hall-go to learn when the truck will be located in Roxbury.To obtain a Roxbury Resident Parking Permit, residents or their representatives must present the following documents.Residents should also be aware that all overdue City of Boston parking tickets must be paid before a permit will be issued. To determine if you have any Boston parking tickets outstanding, please visit boston.gov/parking. Payments may be made as follows.
"BOSTON -Monday, August 1, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walshtodayannounced a call for submissions for the second annual Fay Chandler EMERGING Art Exhibition, a celebration of the Boston visual arts community. Artists that live, work or create in the City of Boston are encouraged to submit their work for consideration. Hosted by the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, the Fay Chandler EMERGING Art Exhibition will feature fresh, original and contemporary works of art created by Boston artists. The art will be displayed at Boston City Hall in the Scollay Square Gallery during the month of October. Fay Chandler was a Boston philanthropist and advocatefor the arts. As an artist who started her career later in life, she serves as the inspiration for this exhibition and to artistsof all ages.""If arts and culture are going to continue to thrive in Boston, it is important that we to continue to find ways to recognize and support the contributions of the artists who live and work here,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The Fay Chandler EMERGING Art Exhibition provides an opportunity to showcase the work of those artists who are starting out and I'm looking forward to seeing their work.""All submissions will be judged by a jury of Boston art professionals and peers. A total of $5,000 in prizes will be awarded in 3 categories includingBest in Show,New ArtistandOver 50 Artist. The prizes will be awarded at the Faye Chandler Emerging Artist Reception, scheduled forOctober 6, 2016 from 6 p.m. - 7 p.m.at Boston City Hall.The deadline for submissions isAugust 31, 2016. To be eligible, artists must live, work or create in Boston. All work must have been created within the last three years. Artists must be at least 18 years old and cannot have gallery representation. For more information or to submit art for consideration, visit here."
"BOSTON -Friday, July 29, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) to announce that all BCYF drop-in programs will follow rigorous new standards in an effort to strengthen oversight and child safety. These changes are a result of an assessment of all protocols and procedures at the city's summer camps and drop-in programs that was conducted this week.Summer camps are currently regulated by the City of Boston's Inspectional Services Department (ISD) per the Department of Public Health (DPH), and summer camps have clearly defined and documented operating procedures, specifically with respect to child safety. Drop-in programs, as defined by state regulations, do not fall under ISD regulations, and as a result have fewer clearly defined and uniform operating procedures.""The city experienced a terrible tragedy with the loss of Kyzr Willis and we immediately launched a review of all our protocols at our BCYF centers,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""Thousands of families entrust their children to our summer camps and we take that trust extremely seriously. It is our priority to act quickly on any potential improvements to our programs, and I will continue to work closely with BCYF leadership to ensure we have proper oversight and safety procedures at all of our programs.""BCYF oversees 21 fully licensed summer camps, seven fun stops and five drop-in programs. Drop-in programs are located at the BCYF Curley Community Center, the BCYF Mattahunt Community Center, the BCYF Gallivan Community Center, the BCYF Charlestown Community Center, and the BCYF Paris Street Girls program.The Summer Youth Activities Program (SYAP) staff will undergo a full day comprehensive training on the new procedures prior to SYAP returning to the Curley Center onTuesday, August 2. Families can continue to bring their children to the Condon Community Center, or the Curley Community Center where the city will provide transportation, until the SYAP re-opens.Immediate changes being made at the Curley Community Center for the SYAP include the following.The headcount procedures, child staff ratio and book end supervision procedures will be enforced broadly across all BCYF drop-in programs. All BCYF drop-in programs will also move toward uniform emergency actions procedures as well as site-specific emergency action plans for fire and evacuation, lost child or swimmer and injury scenarios.BCYF's ban on employees using personal electronic devices during shifts will continue to be strictly enforced. Personal electronic devices may only be used when an employee is on break or during a case of emergency.Over the next month, ISD will be visiting all drop-in programs to brief them on the regulations required by summer camps and work with BCYF to ensure all drop-in programs are brought in line with ISD regulations for summer camps."
BOSTON - Thursday, July 28, 2016 - OnTuesday, August 2, the City of Boston will host a community meeting to seek input from residents on Verizon New England's application to obtain a new Boston Cable license and offer FiOS service in Boston.This meeting will discuss Verizon's partnership with the city and its plans to implement the new network. The meeting is open to the public, and residents are encouraged to attend and share their feedback about the project.This past April, Mayor Walsh announced a partnership with Verizon to transform the city's technology infrastructure. Through a $300 million investment over the next six years, Verizon will replace the city's copper-based infrastructure with a state-of-the-art fiber-optic network platform.The Verizon Amended Form 100 Cable Application submitted to the City and other license related documentation is available for public review at thenew cable competition page here. Please take the opportunity to share your comments with the City as we continue to pursue Verizon's new competitive cable TV and broadband service.WHEN:  Tuesday, August 2, 6:00 PMWHERE: Bruce C. Bolling Building, School Committee Room          2300 Washington St., RoxburyWHO:    Jascha Franklin-Hodge, Chief Information Officer, City of Boston         Representatives from Verizon New England
The City of Boston, in partnership with the states Executive Office of Elder Affairs, today hosted a first of its kind housing surge, designed to connect chronically homeless seniors with housing and services. The event, held at the Laboure Center in South Boston, marks the first time housing and integrated care services have been offered together, and launches a new partnership between the city and state designed to end chronic homelessness in senior populations across Massachusetts. Innovative ways of removing the barriers to health and housing are how we will end chronic homelessness in Boston,  said Mayor Walsh. We are so lucky to have such strong partners working with us to house our homeless residents. I am grateful to the state for coming to the table, allowing us to offer services and housing at the same time.Secretary MaryLou Sudders of the Executive Office of Health and Human Services said, The Baker Administration is committed to working in full partnership with the City of Boston and Mayor Marty Walshs efforts to provide housing for some of our citys most vulnerable residents. Addressing the complex care needs of elders jointly with housing is a huge part of the solution and crucial to providing a stable living situation.SecretaryAlice Bonner, of the Executive Office of Elder Affairs, said, We are pleased to be a partner in this important initiative helping older adults to live independently and thrive by pairing housing with vital services and supports.Attended by Secretary Alice F. Bonner, PhD, RN of the States Executive Office of Elder Affairs, Daniel Tsai, Assistant Secretary for MassHealth, Bostons Elderly Commissioner Emily Shea, Boston Housing Authoritys Gail Livingston, Deputy Administrator for Housing Programs, and Bostons Chief of Housing Sheila Dillon, todays surge was staffed by 25 different agencies. Seniors attending the event were given passports, which guided them from table to table where they were able to determine their eligibility for various types of support services.Seniors were able to meet with representatives from state programs including the Program of All-inclusive Care for the Elderly (PACE) Senior Care Options (SCO) Pay for Success and Community Supports for Persons Experiencing Chronic Homelessness (CSPECH) to determine their eligibility and interest in these programs. At todays surge, the Boston Housing Authority was able to connect 16 homeless seniors with units of permanent supportive housing. This is the first time that guests at a housing surge have been offered specific units of housing, rather than vouchers. The BHA was able to accomplish this by creating a super-priority for chronically homeless elders who are going to be receiving services.In preparation for the event, city, state, and non-profit partners worked together to create a list of chronically homeless older adults, and undertook significant outreach at shelters and throughout the city to spread awareness of this opportunity.The chronically homeless seniors who attended the surge were identified as likely eligible for state benefits including long-term services, supports, and integrated care. The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services defines chronically homeless individuals as adults with a disability who have been either living in an emergency shelter or in a place not meant for human habitation continuously for 12 months or more, or who have had four occasions of homelessness in the past three years that total 12 months or more.Those individuals in need of translation services were identified in advance, and translators were on hand to assist with language barriers. In addition, individuals with accessibility issues had also been identified ahead of time, with accommodations made in advance for their specific issues. Individuals also received breakfast and coffee, provided and served by volunteers from the BostonHome Interfaith Collaborative. BostonHome Interfaith Collaborative faith community partners also donated gift cards for attendees.This is the sixth in a series of housing surges hosted by the City of Boston. The first three surges focused on homeless veterans the last two focused on all chronically homeless individuals. The previous events have in total served over 200 homeless individuals, during which 41 received permanent housing vouchers on the spot, along with enrollment in housing search, while others received rapid rehousing assistance, applied for housing and obtained documentation that will help them secure permanent housing.Partners for todays surge included (alphabetical):For more information on the City of Bostons plan to end chronic and veteran homelessness, please visit our new presence online or follow us on Twitter.
The Boston Transportation Departmentsuggests that people attending the event refrain from driving their personal vehicles into the city.Boylston Street will be closed to traffic between Massachusetts Avenue and Exeter Street, from 10:30a.m.to 11:45 a.m.for set-up, and the full route will be closed throughapproximately 3:30 p.m.At 12 Noon the parade will begin with 5,000 marchers proceeding along Boylston Street, turningleft onto Tremont Street, and continuing onto Cambridge Street to City Hall Plaza, where thePuerto Rican Festival is taking place this weekend.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday parking restrictions will be ineffect at the following locations.Events that will impact traffic and parking on Saturday, July 30, include the following:
"BOSTON -Thursday, July 28, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment today announced the lineup for Gospelfest 2016, the free concert taking place at5:00 p.m.onSunday, August 7, 2016at City Hall Plaza.Headlining the event will be Gospel star Tina Campbell. Tina is the sister of last year's Gospelfest headliner Erica Campbell, and together they make up the contemporary Gospel duo Mary Mary. Famous for the songs ""Heaven"", ""Go Get It"", ""Get Up"", and crossover hit ""Shackles (Praise You)"", Tina Campbell and Mary Mary have been a consistent force in the contemporary Gospel genre since 2000.""I am excited for Tina Campbell to electrify City Hall Plaza, "" said Mayor Walsh. ""This free concert is a great opportunity for families to come out and have fun on the plaza, and I encourage all to attend.""Opening for Campbell will be Freda Battle, pastor, musician, and active member of the Gospel community in New England and nationwide. Battle is originally from Boston where she started her music career, and is looking forward to her return in August.In addition to Campbell and Battle, the Gospelfest Community Choir will also take the stage at Gospelfest this year. This will be the third year Gospelfest will feature a Community Choir in the lineup. Bringing local talent on to the same stage where nationally recognized artists perform is a highlight of this event.2016 will mark the sixteenth year for Gospelfest, New England's largest Gospel music celebration.About Tina Campbell:Known to much of the world as one half of the gospel duo Mary Mary, Tina Campbell is an accomplished and awarded singer & songwriter. She's achieved a lifetime of success with numerous awards won and millions of records sold in about a decade and a half alongside her sister, Erica Campbell, the other half of Mary Mary.She has now moved to the forefront to share new solo music, a new book, and a one woman stage presentation, that explores the journey of how the most dreadful test became the most beautiful testimony.She had to rely on her faith through some of life's most overwhelming challenges and because of her faith she was able to overcome them. In light of this, sharing her faith with the world through singing, writing, and speaking has become her greatest passion. Tina explains ""When God chooses you and places you before the world to represent him, it could be considered burdensome, but I'm honored that he chose me to be one of his representatives on this earth. I intend to do it well cause I love what I do but most importantly, I love who I do it for. Wouldn't trade it for nothin'!""Tina Campbell is also the proud wife of Teddy Campbell and the proud mother of five children. She says ""Of all that my life has consisted of, my greatest accomplishment is my healthy happy family, that prays together and stays together through it all. I've graced many stages, podiums, and pulpits, and with all of that considered, I still derive my greatest joy from shining at home.""About Freda Battle:Freda Battle is the Pastor Of Worship Leader Development, and a resident Recording Artist at World Overcomers Christian Church in the Raleigh/Durham area of North Carolina. Freda began her music career in Boston, where she was born, and has served in Music Ministry for over 30 years. She is a seasoned and accomplished Teacher, Music Director, Songwriter, Worship Leader, and Recording Artist, (having her songs featured on over twenty music projects). She is a Radio Broadcasting veteran, and Music Exec., serving for three years as President of the indie music label Axiom Records. She is also an entrepreneur, owning her own publishing Co. Peace-O- Mind Music. Freda's music has also been featured on BET, OWN, TVONE, TBN, and The WORD Network to name a few, and is available on iTunes. She is also the founder of the dynamic choir, The Temple Worshippers. Freda Battle has just about done it all in the music field, but her passion, motivation, and love is going before people and leading them in singing, and worship to God, and teaching others to do the same.About the Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and EntertainmentThe Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, free public events for Bostonians and visitors to the city, and is proud to collaborate with Metro Boston as our media partner for Gospelfest 2016. For further information please call617-635-3911, visit@VisitBostonon Twitter, or Boston City Tourism on Facebook. City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via Haymarket (Orange and Green), State Street (Orange and Blue), or Park Street (Green and Red)."
These festivals are an incredible demonstration of cultural vitality and diversity, building community and providing everyone with access to arts, heritage and educational programs.Last year, in recognition of the importance of festivals, the Massachusetts Cultural Council (MCC) established anew grant programto support these initiatives across the Commonwealth. In addition to providing valuable financial support, the MCC has worked with ArtsBoston to offer social media and marketing support to the grant recipients. Many of our local festivals are in their second or third year, a testament to how much this sector has grown. While perennial favorites such as the Puerto Rican Festival continue to thrive, new ventures like the Urban Innovation Festival, produced by the Design Museum Boston, are popping up in new and unusual places.Recently, the Outside the Box Festival brought the Boston Common to life with music, dance, theater, and visual arts. Children were invited to imagine their own megacity with the help of the Museum of Fine Arts. Thousands turned out to enjoy everything the festival had to offer.Earlier this month, the third annual JP Porchfest welcomed performers of all sorts to the front porches, yards and driveways of residences across the neighborhood. The streets were alive with music, poetry and discovery. It was a delight to explore the neighborhood, run into friends old and new and dip into the rich sampling of local talent.Last month, the Mayor released Boston Creates, a cultural plan for the City. The goals of the plan call for finding ways to integrate arts and culture into all aspects of civic life, while at the same time, ensuring that all cultural traditions are respected and promoted. Festivals can go a long way in helping us to reach these goals.  Festivals not only entertain and educate, but they generate a sense of pride for local arts and culture. They offer artists and musicians the opportunity to showcase their talents, they contribute to our local economies and bring together diverse communities.Throughout the year and across the city, ethnic festivals serve as a gathering point for diverse cultures to celebrate their heritages. Events like the Italian Feasts in the North End or the 6th Annual African Festival of Boston serve as an easy entry point for cross cultural sharing. Many of these festivals are free andresearchby the National Endowment for the Arts shows these events are often the first exposure people have to an art form or a culture thats different from their own experience.It excites me to know that there are so many great cultural opportunities right at our doorsteps in Boston. There are still plenty of weekends left this summer to enjoy the many festivals that contribute to our community. You can check out theArtsBoston festival calendarto get details on all of them. I am looking forward to experiencing as many of them that I can. I hope that you will join me in doing so.
"BOSTON - Tuesday, July 26, 2016 - Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh issued the following statement:""The City of Boston is devastated to learn of the tragic loss of Kyzr Willis, and I will be working closely with Boston Centers for Youth and Families and the Boston Police Department until we know exactly what happened. My heart is broken for the Willis family and my thoughts and prayers will be with them."""
Boston Public Librarys August author talks and programs feature learning opportunities for people of all ages, includingsummer reading, Read Your Way to Fenway, visits from the ReadBoston StoryMobile, and more.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visittheir site.
"As a continuation of the series that began in July, everyFridayin August a different local band will perform live from12-2 p.m.in Sam Adams Park, directly outside of Faneuil Hall. The event is free and residents and visitors of all ages are encouraged to attend.This year's August lineup is as follows:""We are lucky to live in a city with so much musical talent,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are building on the success of the performances in July to add more opportunities for people to enjoy our local talent. TheFridayAfternoon Concert Series hosts some of Boston's best emerging local musicians, and I encourage all residents and visitors to take advantage of this wonderful series.""About the Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports, & Entertainment:The Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, free public events for Bostonians and visitors to the city and is proud to collaborate with Metro Boston as our media partner for Summer 2016. For further information please call617-635-3911, go tohttp://www.cityofboston.gov/visitors/, Facebook Boston City Tourism, or check out@VisitBostonon Twitter. Sam Adams Park/Faneuil Hall is accessible by MBTA via Haymarket (Orange and Green) and State Street (Orange and Blue).About Acoustic Roadshow:Featuring the instrumental and vocal talents of Chris Leadbetter, Michael Payette and Daniel Webster, Acoustic Roadshow performs ""unplugged"" versions of many popular songs, focusing primarily on tunes with the rich vocal harmonies from the 1950s to today.About Erica Russo:You'll find stark reality lurking in between singer/guitarist Erica Russo's breaths and the cracks in her melodies. Her hypnotic, folky song-structures are adorned with haunting, poetic lyrics, and glisten with drops of blues, indie, and rock. A fascinating bundle of energy, there's more to hear with every listen.About Bulldog:Bulldog is a five-piece lyric- and beat-driven jazz-rock band with pop, hip hop, and neosoul elements. Newly relocated to Boston, Bulldog formed in Amherst, Mass. in 2013. With strong influences from Hiatus Kaiyote, Robert Glasper, Little Dragon, St. Vincent, Portishead, Jeff Buckley, and Ween, the band's sound ranges from singer songwriter to hiphop, to funk, even to experimental and free jazz. Bulldog thrives at the intersection of jazz and hip hop, of pop and experimental.About Helena Ruffen:Helena Ruffen discovered street performing in 1993 after seeing the success of Traci Chapman. She quit her job as a make-up artist to begin a long and lucrative career, performing on the street and in the subways at Downtown Crossing and Back Bay Station for 20 years. She has received overwhelmingly generous responses for her performances of songs by Whitney Houston, Janet Jackson, Fleetwood Mac, Faith Hill, Sade, Mariah Carey, Traci Chapman, Nora Jones, and Nina Simone."
"BOSTON -Monday, July 25, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Gregory Rooney as Acting Commissioner of The Property Management Department for the City of Boston. Rooney will replace outgoing Commissioner John Hanlon, who has been appointed Assistant Superintendent ofOperations for the Boston Public Schools (BPS).""I welcome Greg Rooney as the Acting Commissioner of Property and Construction Management, and thank him for taking on this important role,""said Mayor Walsh. ""Greg has spent much of his career dedicated to improving the City of Boston and will be a great leader in this role.""In his role as Commissioner, Rooney will serve in the Operations Cabinet and lead the City's management, maintenance, repairs and security for the City's municipal buildings. The Property Management Department also manages and maintains the coordinated street furniture program throughout the downtown areas, as well as provides technical assistance, scheduling and management of special events at City Hall and Faneuil Hall. The department will focus on preserving and protecting the city's assets in a way that positively impacts the delivery of service and quality of life for Boston residents and employees.Prior to accepting the role of Commissioner, Rooney served as the Director of Enforcement for the Boston Transportation Department. He also served as the Deputy Commissioner for Transportation in the City of Boston's Commission on Affairs of the Elderly. Rooney brings with him over 20 years of experience with the City of Boston. He holds a Master of Public Administration and a Bachelor of Science degree in Political Science and Government from Northeastern University. He currently resides in West Roxburywith his wife Karla and daughters Ashley and Hailey."
"This past year, Boston has began what we hope will be a new era in arts and culture. Julie Burros enters the scene as Boston's first Chief of Arts andCulture in 20 years, and after extensive research and discussion with artists, arts organizations, and the public, theCity of Boston has finally announced a new Cultural Plan known as Boston Creates.But with this new plan comes a lot of questions.Wednesday night, we sat down with Julie Burros to finally hear it in person:What is the future of Boston arts?Here are the key takeaways from their talk:Both Mergel and Burros agree that the arts are a social good, an essential part of education, public health, and social and personal well-being. It has impact and value, in recovery, in expressions of culture. Arts and culture is about preserving and reinventing identity. This is part of the goal of the Cultural Plan: Coming to an understanding and appreciation of the goal of art in the City of Boston.In the extensive research done by Boston Creates, they have found that Boston is more than just one city: it is a collection of distinct neighborhoods, each with a unique, thriving culture. But often these distinctions can separate the City where it should be unified.""Often one's greatest strengths is also their greatest weakness,"" Burros acknowledges something that many Bostonians are hesitant to admit. ""When we talk about collaborating, working together, and traveling between neighborhoods, its an interdependent relationship. The geography works against this.""There are many barriers, some real, some perceived, in the cultural sector. A large part of the process in executing the cultural plan will be bringing different players into the same room to work together. The goal is to foster not only a conversation between the neighborhoods, but also exchange and collaboration, of both ideas and people.Both Burros and Mergel referred to the Boston cultural scene as an ecosystem: one that needs symbiotic relationships between organizations  large, mid-sized, artist, studentto function.Boston is home to more universities and education institutions than any other city in the country. Yet after graduation, artists and cultural leaders leave for other places.""What we want is for people to come here, fall in love, and stay."" Burros voices everyone's hopes for the talent that floods the city at the start of every semester.There is still more research to do with schools and universities, but one thing is clear: there must be a more unified effort to expose students to the cultural opportunities available in Boston.The arts economy is very fragile and there is a considerable struggle to take the risk to open spaces for the practice and exhibition of art.Efforts are being made to blur the lines between for-profit and non-profit in the business model of arts organizations. There are plans to engage artists in social practice: work dedicated to causes of social justice. The governments wants to use artists as a resource for visualizing their social issues so that they may have a better sense of how to solve them. Grants for artists are being created with this in mind.This is one of the many silos, but perhaps the most relevant to fine arts organizations and artists. This has been Burros' job for many years: breaking down the barriers of what many people find exclusive in every art form, whether it is music, visual, or performance.""Great art does the work,"" Burros states with finality. Mergel nods in agreement. ""There is no secret. If it is great art, you will go with an open mind and an open heart. It will either move you or it won't. You don't need to know anything to understand it you just have to be open.""The biggest impact that the Arts and Culture Council has made is the cultural plan itself, the fact that it exists. It is meant to be widely applicable and foster collaboration. Already organizations that have been disconnected thus far are finding alignments. From here, they need more resources. But the process has begun, and while it will be a long one, we can look forward to watching Boston Arts and Culture slowly improve, and transform.This post was written by Puloma Ghosh. She is currently Assistant Director at Abigail Ogilvy Gallery and Gallery Assistant at Miller Yezerski Gallery. She recieved her B.A. in English from Tufts University and has been involved in Boston arts since 2014, when she worked with Artscope Magazine."
BOSTON - Friday, July 22, 2016 - With temperatures expected to reach or exceed 90 degrees for the next several days, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today declared a heat emergency in Boston. Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) will be open for use as cooling centers for the public to use beginning on Saturday. A full list of centers including hours of operation is availablehere.Residents can sign up for Alert Bostonhere, the city's emergency notification system, to receive emergency alerts by phone, email or text atResidents are also encouraged to call 311 with any questions about available city services.The Mayor issued the following heat safety tips for all members of the public:Playground Safety: Children should always wear shoes on playgrounds because surfaces can become extremely hot and cause burns, even splash pads and spray decks.Outdoor Fires and Grilling:No outdoor fires are allowed in Boston, including fire pits, chimineas and bonfires.Charcoal grills must be on the ground and away from buildings. Keep in mind the wind and never leave unattended. When done, dispose of the ash in a metal container once completely out.Propane tank grills are only allowed on first floor porches with steps to the ground. Do not place propane tank grills near air conditioners or up against a building. Make sure all connections are tight and never carry propane tanks into a home.Grills should always be used in a well-ventilated area.Mosquitoes and Ticks:If you are in a grassy or wooded area, apply a DEET containing repellent that will protect against mosquitoes AND ticks. Always check yourself, children and pets for ticks after returning indoors and remove attached ticks immediately using tweezers. Mosquito bites can spread West Nile virus (WNV) and Eastern Equine Encephalitis (EEE), while attached ticks can spread Lyme disease.Wear long sleeve shirts, long pants and socks to prevent mosquito bites. Limit your time outdoors between dusk and dawn when mosquitoes are most active and apply an approved mosquito repellent.To prevent mosquitoes from breeding, residents should limit places around the home where standing water can collect. People should turn over unused flower pots, buckets, wheelbarrows, and garbage cans remove leaves and other debris that can clog gutters and trap water dispose of or cover old tires and cover swimming pools when not in use.
"BOSTON -Thursday, July 21, 2016- One year after the launch of the City's action plan to end chronic and veteran homelessness by 2018, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the City is well on its way to meeting its goals, and relaunched the plan as ""Boston's Way Home."" Boston has ended chronic homelessness among veterans by housing more than 650 homeless veterans, and more than 100 chronically homeless individuals in only six months, and also by reforming the housing and service delivery system for homeless individuals.View asummary of our one-year accomplishments.""Helping our homeless has always been a deeply personal issue for me, and I am proud of the work we have done with our partners to improve the way we deliver services to our homeless population,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""'Boston's Way Home' reflects our focus on permanent supportive housing and how we will meet our goal of ending chronic homelessness by 2018.""The City of Boston has launched a new presence for the initiative that provides background and updates on the plan, as well as a Twitter account --@BostonsWayHome-- to keep residents apprised of progress and ways to get engaged.In partnership with agencies at the Federal and State level and the city's strong nonprofit network, Boston's Way Home aims to better connect homeless individuals with housing and the support they need to become stable. The initiative'shome at the new boston.gov websitewill provide a comprehensive overview of the action plan, as well as regular progress reports. ""Boston is incredibly lucky to have a strong network of providers of service to our homeless, and they have done incredible work over many years,"" said Sheila Dillon, Boston's Chief of Housing and Director of Neighborhood Development. ""This new, coordinated approach is working because it focuses on connecting chronically homeless individuals with the services that address their specific case, thereby helping them find a permanent solution.""The new logo, a straight path that cuts through a maze and leads directly to a home, reflects the promise of Boston's Way Home.In the year since the launch of Boston's Way Home, the City of Boston, along with its partners has:"
The Dorothy Curran Wednesday Night Concert Series continues on August 10 with Disco Night featuring City Hall Plaza favorites Stardust playing dance floor hits from the 60s, 70s, and 80s.The series is presented by Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayors Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment, and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department in partnership with title sponsor Bank of America. Additional support is provided by media sponsor the Boston Herald and Polar Beverages. All shows begin at 7 p.m.The always popular Stardust is a local super-group formed by gathering some of the most talented and experienced musicians in the entertainment industry and honed by over a decade of active rotation. The band is in high demand and performs regularly at fine venues and hotels throughout the country.Led by bandleader Keith Kostick and singers Cecilia Colucci and Charles Clark, Stardust packs the dance floor at corporate events, weddings, and City Hall Plaza where revelers of all ages get to get up and boogie under the summer sky. Stardusts popularity at private events means that public appearances are limited, so this Disco Night is a rare treat for both the band and its fans.Now celebrating 44 years as Bostons longest-running free outdoor concert series, the Dorothy Curran Wednesday Night Concert Series brings four summer nights of great entertainment to this unique venue located in the heart of Boston. The series closes August 24 with the classic Philly soul of Harold Melvins Blue Notes.For more information, please call the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at (617) 635-4505, visit their website, or visit their Facebook page.
"BOSTON -Thursday, July 21, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that Boston's Board of Election Commissioners unanimously votedon Wednesdayin favor of the Election Department's plan for 27 ""one-day"" early voting sites (three in each of the city's nine council districts), in addition to daily early voting at City Hall during the early voting period.""Boston is proud to support early voting, and we have worked hard on a comprehensive plan that will allow many of our residents to vote at a time convenient for their work and family schedule,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Whenever we are able to expand access to the ballot, we make our democracy stronger.""For the first time Boston will be able to allow voters to cast their ballots early fromOctober 24, 2016 through November 4, 2016 at 5:00 p.m., for theNovember 8Election.Voters may also request an early voting ballot by mail, and may return them in person at City Hall or by mail. Unlike Absentee Voting, an excuse or reason is no longer needed to vote early. During the early voting period, City Hall will be Boston's main early voting site, with voting daily during normal business hours (9 a.m to 5 p.m.). City Hall will also be open on five evenings for early voting. During the early voting workweek the plan calls for three district/neighborhood sites each day on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays. Those locations will be open from2 p.m. until 8 p.m.in the evenings.OnSaturday October 29, there will be nine early voting locations open simultaneously in each city council district open from12 p.m. until 6 p.m.All early voting sites will be equipped with electronic poll books for voter check-in and staffed with between eight and ten poll workers. All ballots styles will be available at every early voting locations, so voters are able to visit any site that they find to be convenient. All early voting locations are accessible to voters with disabilities, and equipped with AutoMark machines to help voters who need that form of assistance marking their ballots.At the end of each day, all voted ballots will be secured in a vault at City Hall to be counted onNovember 8, 2016(Election Day).Mayor Martin J. Walsh's Fiscal Year 2017 budget provided $670,000 to implement early voting, which includes resources for a citywide marketing campaign and long term investments such as electronic poll books that will be useful in future elections.""We thank Mayor Walsh for his support on this important initiative that will give more citizens the opportunity to vote,"" said Boston Election Chairman Dion Irish. ""I thank the public for providing the input that has us to this point in our planning process. Now our efforts and attention will now be focused on early voting marketing and operational plans.""Under the law passed by the Legislature in 2014 that authorizes early voting, municipalities are required to have at least one early voting site open during normal business hours. The law gives municipalities the option of providing additional early voting locations outside of City Hall, as well as voting hours in the evenings and weekends during the early voting period. The law further requires an early voting period every two years prior, to the November general election, based on the State Election Cycle.Early Voting Schedule and Locations:Orient Heights Yacht Club, 61 Bayswater Street, Boston, 02128Metropolitan, 38 Oak Street, Boston, 02111Harriet Tubman House, 566 Columbus Ave, Boston, 02118District 1District 2District7Harvard/Kent, 50 Bunker Hill Street, Charlestown, 02129Benjamin Franklin Institute of Technology, 41 Berkeley St., 02116MLK Tower, 280 Martin Luther King Blvd., Roxbury 02119Strand Theater, 543 Columbia Rd., Dorchester, 02125Morning Star Church, 1257 Blue Hill Ave., Mattapan, 02126Roslindale Comm. Ctr., 6 Cummins Hwy., Roslindale, 02131"
"BOSTON -Wednesday, July 20, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announces the launch ofBoston.gov, the redesigned digital front door for the City of Boston. The website features significant changes to the visual design, organization and underlying technology of the City's website.""The launch of the new website marks a meaningful step in making the City's digital services accessible for all,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Whether you're a college student moving into a new apartment or a small business owner, our goal is to provide a website that is welcoming and user-friendly to all who visit. As a City, we are always striving to set new standards and strive for excellence, and we look forward to continuing to build Boston.govtogether.""The new site was designed with accessibility at the forefront. More than 20,000 web pages and one million words were rewritten to make the site easier to understand and navigate. The City has made dramatic changes to improve ADA compliance, andBoston.govis now also optimized for any device and screen size.In order to build a website that reflects the needs of a large and diverse community, the City relied heavily on input from a wide variety of residents. A pilot version of the website, launched in early January, allowed the City to conduct rigorous user testing, including in-person conversations, focus groups, and surveys with residents.""Boston is a leader in digital innovation and our residents expect great service from their City government, whether they interact online or in person,"" said Chief Information Officer Jascha Franklin-Hodge. ""This project aims to meet these expectations by providing government digital services on par with those provided by leading private sector companies.""The new Boston.gov showcases many notable changes, including:""Building a website that is welcoming, beautiful, and thoroughly useful has been a priority for our team from the start,"" said Chief Digital Officer Lauren Lockwood. ""That philosophy will inform all decisions as we continue to improve the site.""The City will be making the roadmap for their website development public. There, the public is encouraged to submit their ideas for the future of Boston.gov as well as vote on suggestions from others.The redesign was led by the City's Digital Team in partnership withIDEO, an award-winning global design firm, and Boston-basedAcquia, a leading local technology provider.""Our work with the City of Boston was an exciting opportunity to not only redesign their site, but to fundamentally change the engagement and connection city government can have with its constituents,""said Michelle Kwasny, Senior Design Research Lead at IDEO.""Boston has invested in its citizens by creating a digital home that is open, welcoming, vibrant, friendly, and accessible, and it was an honor to work with their team to guide and support citizens through key life moments.""""The City of Boston is a leading example of what can be done when top minds come together to design a digital experience,"" said Dries Buytaert, Drupal creator and project lead and Acquia co-founder and CTO.""We're proud to collaborate with the City's world-class digital team, supporting their work as they reimagine digital engagement for Boston's citizens.""The public is invited to join the Mayor and the Innovation and Technology team this evening at an event to celebrate the launch. Attendees will get a behind-the-scenes view of the project from the designers, developers, and dreamers behind the creation of the new Boston.gov.WHEN:  Wednesday, July 20, 4:00 - 7:00 p.m.WHERE:  Central Library in Copley Square, 700 Boylston StreetWHO:    The event is free and open to the public. RSVP here."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, July 20, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Katrina Shaw, CEO of Freedom House of Boston, along with local elected officials and residents, to break ground on the future home for the Freedom House in Grove Hall. The 8,440 square-foot facility will be housed in the former Grove Hall Library on Warren Street, and will provide high-quality youth development programs for teens, including college coaching, tutoring for academic success and financial aid advising. Freedom House is scheduled to occupy the building once renovations are completed in January 2017. The center is expected to service approximately 2,000 teens and community residents annually. ""This is an exciting day for Grove Hall, and I am so pleased to see a City-owned resource being used for such a great purpose,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Freedom House will be an invaluable resource for teens and residents in this neighborhood. I want to thank Freedom House and all of the partners involved for your commitment to our young people's success and to building a stronger Boston.""The $1.8 million revitalization will include a computer lab, state-of-the-art education area with meeting spaces, and outdoor classrooms. The majority of the renovation work will take place inside the building, with green improvements incorporated to help conserve energy and reduce operating costs. For example, all exterior windows will be replaced with new efficient weather-tight windows, and system upgrades, including a new HVAC system, will reduce operating and maintenance costs annually by 35 percent. Changes to the outside of the building will include new signage and a walkway with lighting added to the Warren Street side of the building which will revitalize that street corner. ""Despite the challenges that our young people face in this neighborhood, we are honored to have the support of so many partners joining us in this effort to assure they have promising futures,"" said Katrina Shaw, CEO of Freedom House of Boston. ""This would not be possible without support from the City of Boston, State Street, Bank of America, the Amelia Peabody Charitable Fund, Liberty Mutual, Blue Hills Bank, Eastern Bank, East Boston Savings Bank, and Mass Development, along with many individuals who support our mission to get students into and through college.""Constructed in 1970, the structure housed the neighborhood's library until a new facility was opened on Geneva Avenue in 2009. The single-story structure, which includes high ceilings, ornate interior trim, and an expansive open area, sits on an approximately 24,788square-foot parcel. The Freedom House of Boston was tentatively designated as the developer of the property through the Department of Neighborhood Development's Request for Proposals process in June of 2016."
After 11 months of work behind the scenes and in the open on our pilot site, weve launched a redesigned Boston.gov. We recognize this milestone is exactly thata point along the journey, not the end of it.If you recall ourbloated Jenga metaphor, were not just redesigning the Citys website, were changing the way we approach digital tools as a whole. While we are proud of how far weve come today, the process that begins now is the really exciting part. With a live, useable website we can begin testing and experimenting as the site grows and changes. We can apply our digital principles and put them to the test as new challenges arise.Some things, however, wont change. You had a say in the development of our site before launch and you will have a say going forwardthats why weve createdroadmap.boston.gov. There, you can check out our road map to see whats coming, send us your ideas and share feedback, as well as vote on others suggestions. All of this will shape the evolution of the site.As for the current site, as you explore whats new you likely notice some gaps. With any new website, there will be bugs and well need your help finding them. If you find a problem, let us know using the FEEDBACK tool (upper right of the website). Content and transactions will also continue to migrate to the new design over the coming weeks. The Digital Team will be launching a robust translation tool, a more feature-rich calendar, and a solution for maps as we learn more about the requirements for each.So while we aretaking some time to celebratethe work so far, we hope youll take a tour of the new website and discover lots to love or maybe a few things to fix. Whichever you find, tell us all about it atfeedback@boston.gov. Were always listening.
"BOSTON -Wednesday, July 20, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released the following statement regarding an article that was published on WGBH about the admissions for Boston's exam schools:""There is absolutely no truth to a report published on WGBH today that claims that the Boston Public Schools are proposing changes to the admissions to our exam schools."""
Based on feedback from Junes community workshop and consultations with key stakeholders in the neighborhood, we have identified 13 possible general areas for the 10 new Hubway stations. Were aiming for locations that areat most a 10-minute walk from each other since we know that proximity is one of the most important criteria to a successful bikeshare network.So why are there 13 general locations for just 10 stations? Well, we may have some challenges finding good spots that meet neighborhood needs and dont have any conflicting permits.Weve written previously about what makes a good Hubway site. The key factors we consider are available space, safety, solar exposure, utilities, and compatibility with other uses of the street or sidewalk. A typical Hubway station measures 41 or 51 feet by 6 feet and has 15 to 19 bike docks. Stations can be placed in the street, on the sidewalk, or in a park plaza.Based on these considerations, we identified 2-3 possible sites at each of the general locations in East Boston. If you visit any of these areas regularly, we invite you to share your thoughts about which alternative is best! On the map below, click on any of the blue circlesto get a link to a brief survey on the site alternatives for that location. A full list of survey links is also included at the end of this post. (The station at LoPresti Park is being determined in consultation with the New Street Development which is sponsoring the station).View this map in a new window.Porzio ParkPiers ParkMaverick Square SouthMaverick Square NorthCentral SquareAirport MBTA / Bremen St ParkDay SquareWood IslandAmerican Legion Park/City YardsConstitution BeachOrient Heights
Through outreach by ourStreet Teams, thecommunity workshopswe hosted in several neighborhoods, andcoUrbanize, we heard directly from Bostonians about the issues that matter most. Peoples priorities ranged from improving the citys waterfront to supporting more affordable neighborhoods to providing better access to transit.Now, were asking you toreact to the ideasthat emerged from your input. We want to make sure that these ideas make Boston more equitable and resilient. Byclicking on the ideasyou are passionate about and sharing your feedback, you can help us develop meaningful solutions for 2030.Which ideas do you feel most strongly about? Do you imagine areas like Beacon Yards in Allston as thriving, new economic and cultural centers? Do you imagine Boston as a city where residents of all incomes and backgrounds can thrive? How do you think Boston can best promote creativity? This is your opportunity to share your ideas for how you would like to see Boston grow between now and 2030. You can also provide your input at ourupcoming neighborhood workshopsfrom July 13 - July 28.Looking for more ways toget involved?Share your ideas and connect with us onTwitter,FacebookandInstagramusing #ImagineBoston. And dont forget to sign up for Imagine Bostonupdates!
"BOSTON -Monday, July 18, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced ""Open Newbury Street"" onSunday, August 7, 2016. From10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., Newbury Street will become a pedestrian-only walkway, closing to vehicles to allow pedestrians the opportunity to use the full width of the street. Newbury Street will be pedestrian-only from Berkeley Street to Massachusetts Avenue.""Open Newbury Street is an opportunity for our residents and visitors to enjoy everything Newbury Street has to offer without worrying about cars,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We've received a large amount of positive feedback from the community, and have worked closely with businesses and residents to ensure the pedestrian-only street closure will positively impact the neighborhood's residents and businesses.""Parking will be restricted beginning at8:00 a.m.Signs will be post informing drivers of the change. All businesses are encouraged to promote this event on social media using the hashtag #OpenNewbury and make customers aware of the car-free day ahead of time. The public is encouraged to utilize public transit."
That is the idea behind Futurecity Massachusetts, a collaboration announced this week between theMassachusetts Cultural CouncilandThe Boston Foundation. Mayor Walsh was on hand to announce that Mark Davy and his London-based organizationFuturecitywould be coming to Massachusetts and specifically, to the Fenway Cultural District in Boston as well as locations in Worcester and Springfield. This will be the first U.S.-based project for Futurecity.In this time of rapid development across Boston, it makes great sense to be intentional and strategic about how to build in a way that helps to enhance access to the arts as well as to provide sustainable spaces for culture. Davys innovative approach to urban development considers the existing cultural assets in the vicinity of new development and works strategically to incorporate artists and complementary cultural uses at the very beginning of the design process, rather than an afterthoughtEarlier this year, Mark Davy was in Boston talking about his successful projects that incorporated cultural uses in new developments. Hes helped bring to life projects likeSlipstream, one of the longest sculptures in Europe which helps greet 20 million visitors a year as they travel through Heathrow Airport in London. You can catch his presentation onWGBH Forum Networkand see Karin Goodfellow, director of the Boston Art Commission and other panelists further discuss how this approach relates to Boston.This concept isnt just good for artists and arts organizations. There is strong value in developing projects within a vibrant arts district. More than 200 local developers have already expressed a desire to learn more about Futurecity Massachusetts. This presents a great opportunity for our cultural institutions to be seen not only as a convenient amenity, but as a marketplace driver.As MCC Executive Director Anita Walker stated, This is the next frontier of the creative economy in which the arts assert their value as equal partners in the urban realm.Futurecity Massachusetts has clear alignment with theBoston Createsplan, helping us to reach the goal of integrating arts and culture into all aspects of civic life. It takes us one step closer towards a Creative Boston where arts and culture helps to foster creative thinking as a way of solving our problems, big and small.So, back to my original question. What if public art was intentional, incorporated into a development project from the very beginning? Futurecity Massachusetts will help us find out.
R&B, funk, and soul music legends Tavares return to the Dorothy Curran Wednesday Night Concert Series on City Hall Plaza on August 3 at 7 p.m. he series is presented by Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayors Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment, and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department in partnership with title sponsor Bank of America. Additional support is provided by media sponsor the Boston Herald and Polar Beverages.Hailing from New Bedford, the Tavares brothers - Arthur (Pooch), Antone (Chubby), Feliciano (Butch), and Perry Lee (Tiny) - grew up in a close-knit and musical household of ten children. In 1964 they made their first professional appearance at the Blue Flame in Onset and as they continued to perform in small clubs in the New Bedford-Boston-New York area both their reputation and their audience grew.Their first album Check It Out lodged in the R&B Top 20, hit the pop charts, and contained the groups first hit single in its title track. This began a run of gold and platinum albums and singles including their hit Heaven Must Be Missing An Angel and their appearance on the Saturday Night Fever soundtrack with More Than a Woman. Tavares will be performing these and other classics on the City Hall Plaza stage August 3.Now celebrating 44 years as Bostons longest-running free outdoor concert series, these performances bring four summer nights of great entertainment to this unique venue located in the heart of Boston. City Hall Plaza favorite Stardust returns on August 10 for Disco Night featuring classic dance floor and pop hits and the series closes August 24 with the classic Philly soul of Harold Melvins Blue Notes.For more information, please call the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at (617) 635-4505, visit www.facebook.com/bostonparksdepartment, or go to www.cityofboston.gov/parks.
"BOSTON -Wednesday, July 13, 2016- Recognizing the City of Boston's innovative approach to utilizing transportation data, Boston has won Amazon Web Services' 2016 ""City on a Cloud Challenge."" The Amazon Web Services (AWS) awards highlight how government agencies and their partners are embracing innovation. Boston was a winner in the ""Dream Big"" category, and will receive $50,000 in AWS credits to upgrade the City's data processing and analysis capabilities for future projects.""This win is a confirmation that the City of Boston is a national leader in innovation and data,"" said Jascha Franklin-Hodge, the City's Chief Information Officer. ""This award will allow Boston to continue its work on compiling transportation data at no cost to the City, taking advantage of the generous award stipend the City has received from Amazon Web Services.""""The Boston Transportation Department is working hard to improve the reliability, accessibility and safety of our transportation network,"" said Gina N. Fiandaca, Commissioner of the Boston Transportation Department. ""Data analytics and digital tools help us achieve these goals, and we look forward to expanding that work with this award.""The City of Boston will leverage AWS's cloud computing platform to develop a comprehensive data warehouse and analytics stack, which will be used to drive transportation improvements aimed at reducing delays, increasing safety and enabling greater mobility for all Boston residents and visitors. By bringing together data from a variety of sources, this system will empower the City to derive more insights and dive deeper into transportation solutions. With these insights, the City will be able to deploy resources more effectively and have a more positive impact on the lives of Boston's citizens.The award proposal and project was directed through Boston's Department of Innovation and Technology's (DoIT) Citywide Analytics Team, in partnership with Boston's Transportation Department. Chief Data OfficerAndrew Therriault, who was appointed in May, will be leading the City's AWS transportation project.""Since its beginning, the Citywide Analytics Team has worked closely with the Transportation Department in using data to improve the City's day-to-day transportation operations and inform long-term planning,"" said Therriault. ""This award will enable us to expand this work and help the City make better-informed decisions to increase mobility throughout Boston.""This award will allow the Analytics Team to continue its advancement of transportation-focused data projects. Recent initiatives included thethe launch of the City's newdata dashboardthat tracks the demographics of the City's workforce and the team's first annualYear-In-Review, which includes case studies of several projects completed in 2015.The Citywide Analytics Team uses data to improve quality of life and enhance government operations in the City of Boston. By combining modern data analysis and visualization with a deeply engaged approach to performance improvement and change management, the team works with departments across the City to solve challenging problems, build a more effective government, and deliver better outcomes for the people who live and work in Boston."
"BOSTON -Friday, July 15, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the extension of the Senior Citizen Property Tax Work-Off Abatement program. The tax work-off abatement law allows a city or town to establish a program giving property owners 60 years or older the opportunity to volunteer services to their city or town in exchange for a reduction in property tax.A five year extension of the program was recently approved by the City Council and signed by the Mayor and allows qualifying seniors to receive a credit of up to $1,000 toward their real estate tax liability. It also gives residents an opportunity to make meaningful contributions at the Boston Center for Youth and Families (BCYF) community centers, public libraries, public schools and City Hall. In addition, significant changes were made to expand this vital program by increasing the income limits to $40,000 for an individual and $55,000 for a couple, doubling the number of seniors who can participate in the program, and expanding the amount of time participants have to complete their hours.Applications are available at the city's Commission on Affairs of the Elderly and are due byAugust 1, 2016. Applications were mailed for the FY17 Senior Citizen Property Tax Abatement Work-Off Program to over 2,200 eligible seniors including participants from last year as well as potential new candidates. Interested older adults are encouraged to call the Commission on Affairs of the Elderly at617-635-4366for additional information and to request an application. ""Extending and expanding our senior citizen tax abatement program is a continuation of the City's commitment to providing resources and financial assistance to our seniors,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am dedicated to ensuring all seniors can live comfortably in their homes. As a city, we are committed to giving back and improving the quality of life for our seniors.""TheSenior Citizen Property Tax Work-Off Abatement Programis managed through a partnership between the city's Assessing Department and the Commission on Affairs of the Elderly. The City of Boston administers the tax abatement, keeping track of hours worked and crediting the resident for each hour worked. According to State Law, the hourly wage cannot exceed minimum wage.The Property Tax Work Off Program is one of many programs the city offers to help older homeowners. Other programs eligible seniors can access include:Other recent initiatives for seniors include the Comcast Cable legacy senior discount, which was finalized in 2015. The agreement Mayor Walsh brokered with Comcastexpanded senior discount opportunities for cable TV and internet while preserving the legacy senior discount package for existing customers.In addition to senior cable TV discounts,Comcast offered eligible Boston seniors an opportunity to purchase significantly discounted high-speed internet access. The benefits that Comcast offers Boston seniors include:""Boston has a diverse and growing older adult population,"" said Emily Shea, Commissioner of Affairs of the Elderly. ""Under Mayor Walsh's leadership we have made a commitment to be an Age-Friendly City. The expansion of the Property Tax Work Off Program Boston is an important Age-Friendly accomplishment, and the City is eager to continue its work on behalf of our senior residents.""In June, the City's Commission on Affairs of the Elderlyreleased datafrom its Age-Friendly Boston Initiative. The Age-Friendly Boston project challenges the city's public agencies, community groups, businesses, cultural, educational and religious institutions to consider how changes to policy and practice can enhance the quality of life for Boston's aging residents. The report focuses on Boston residents' feedback on growing older in Boston and indicates that a majority of residents want to stay in their homes for as long as possible. This tax abatement extension is being implemented by the City of Boston to ensure the City's seniors can age comfortably in their homes and is an example of the city responding to the needs of older residents."
WHEN: TODAY, Thursday, July 14, 5-7 p.m.WHERE: BCYF Clougherty Pool (outdoors)      331 Bunker Hill Street, Charlestown.WHO:Mayor Martin J. WalshBoston Centers for Youth & Families Commissioner,William Morales300 neighborhood residentsRepresentatives from several City and other agencies including: Mayor's Office of Food Initiatives, City Hall to Go, Boston Fire Department, EMS, Office of Emergency Management, BPHC Infectious Disease Division, Suffolk County Sheriffs Department.WHAT: The BCYF Neighborhood Block Party will offer a variety of free activities including live music with Bostons own Lisa Bello, a cookout, snow cones, arts & crafts activities, face painting, swimming, resource tables with great information and giveaways staffed by our partners and other city agencies, and more. This Block Party celebrates the BCYFs extensive summer menu which includes free weekday drop-in programs at seven locations in Boston called Summer Fun Stops, 50+ daily summer day camps and programs at the centers, youth employment programs, teen programs, swimming, girls-only programs and much more.
BOSTON -Wednesday, July 13, 2016- Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh is reminding residents to exercise caution in anticipation of the hot weather forecast for this week. More information on heat safety tips can be found online atboston.gov/heatand by following @CityofBoston on Twitter. Residents can sign up for Alert Boston, the city's emergency notification system, to receive emergency alerts by phone, email or text. Sign up online. Residents are also encouraged to call 311 with any questions about available city services. Heat Safety: Playground Safety: Children should always wear shoes on playgrounds because surfaces can become extremely hot and cause burns, even splash pads and spray decks.Outdoor Fires and Grilling:No outdoor fires are allowed in Boston, including fire pits, chimineas and bonfires. Charcoal grills must be on the ground and away from buildings. Keep in mind the wind and never leave unattended. When done, dispose of the ash in a metal container once completely out.  Propane tank grills are only allowed on first floor porches with steps to the ground. Do not place propane tank grills near air conditioners or up against a building. Make sure all connections are tight and never carry propane tanks into a home. Grills should always be used in a well-ventilated area. Mosquitoes and Ticks:If you are in a grassy or wooded area, apply a DEET containing repellent that will protect against mosquitoes AND ticks. Always check yourself, children and pets for ticks after returning indoors and remove attached ticks immediately using tweezers. Mosquito bites can spread West Nile virus (WNV) and Eastern Equine Encephalitis (EEE), while attached ticks can spread Lyme disease. Wear long sleeve shirts, long pants and socks to prevent mosquito bites. Limit your time outdoors between dusk and dawn when mosquitoes are most active and apply an approved mosquito repellent. To prevent mosquitoes from breeding, residents should limit places around the home where standing water can collect. People should turn over unused flower pots, buckets, wheelbarrows, and garbage cans remove leaves and other debris that can clog gutters and trap water dispose of or cover old tires and cover swimming pools when not in use.Places to stay cool:Boston Centers for Youth & Families operates18 poolsand one beach for families looking to cool off in the summer heat. To find the pool or beach nearest you, visit BCYF's website.
"BOSTON -Wednesday, July 13, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment today announced the lineup for Caliente! 2016, the free concert taking place from 7:00 to 9:00 p.m.onSaturday, July 23, 2016at City Hall Plaza.Headlining the event will be salsa star David Pabon. Pabon was born in Puerto Rico, and has been making Salsa hits since 1989. His musical style is a blend of pop, rock, reggae and salsa. Pabon is best known for the songs ""Aquel Viejo Motel,"" ""Es De Verdad"" and ""Y Nos Amamos."" ""Caliente! is a great cultural event for our City,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Bringing an internationally acclaimed artist like David Pabon to City Hall Plaza will draw residents and visitors together to celebrate Latin culture, and summer in Boston.""2016 will mark the ninth year for Caliente!, one of the biggest Latin American Music & Cultural Celebrations in New England.Opening for David Pabon will be local group Zahili Gonzalez Zamora Project. Zahili Gonzalez Zamora is an accomplished jazz fusion pianist originally hailing from Cuba, and currently studying at Berklee College of Music. For more information on Zahili please visit her website.About the Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment:The Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, free public events for Bostonians and visitors to the city, and is proud to collaborate with Metro Boston and Telemundo Boston as our media partners for Caliente! 2016. For further information please call617-635-3911, visit Boston's visitor center, visit @VisitBoston on Twitter, or Boston City Tourism on Facebook. City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via Haymarket (Orange and Green), State Street (Orange and Blue), or Park Street (Green and Red).About David Pabon:David Pabon was born on June 20, 1964 on the island of Vieques, east of Puerto Rico . He successfully began his solo career with the song that is now considered a Salsa classic, the worldwide known song ""Aquel Viejo Motel."" This hit song, recorded in 1989, topped all the charts for several weeks, playing in all Latin radio stations. Thanks to the success of this eclectic production ""Es De Verdad"" (""For Real""), mixing elements of rock, pop, reggae into his salsa beat, in 1990 he obtained the Latin Grammy Awards ""Billboard Award"" as ""Revelation Star,"" ""Singer of the Year"" and ""Record Cover of the Year.""  Starting his series of concert tours, he visited almost all municipalities in Puerto Rico and soon found himself successfully traveling to countries like: Mexico, Peru, Venezuela, Colombia, Panama, Santo Domingo, Ecuador, Costa Rica, along with several cities in the United States, appearing at events and important places like Madison Square Garden in New York, The Poliedro of Caracas, Salon Atlapa and Panama's Carnival, The Home Fair in Lima, Peru, among others, alternating with great stars of the genre such as Tito Puente, Celia Cruz, Hector Lavoe, Oscar D' Leon, El Gran Combo, Ray Barretto, Ruben Blades and many more. His musical albums recorded in this great era, known as ""Salsa Romantica or Sensual"" are ""Es de Verdad"" 1989, ""Renacimiento"" 1990, ""En La Brega"" 1991, ""Por Instinto"" 1992. On these recordings are included international hits like ""Cara Dura"" "" Aquel Viejo Motel"" ""Vuelve A Mi,"" ""Ahora Tengo Ganas,"" ""Ya No Eres Tu"" "" Y Nos Amamos,"" "" Como Lo Haces Conmigo ""Por Instinto"" and ""Perdoname ."" In 1994 David decided to make a stop to his recording career and relocated in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. In 2000 he reentered the recording business and accepted an offer from Codiscos Record Company of Colombia, to produce a new CD album entitled ""Mejor Que Ayer"" ""Better Than Yesterday."" The first promotional single theme song of this album, was song ""Si Me Ves Llorar."" It placed, once more, David Pabon and his powerful voice, number one on all the charts that included, Puerto Rico, Colombia,Venezuela, Mexico, Ecuador, Panama , which re- boosted his performing agenda. Following this success, there were more productions that followed: ""Por Naturaleza"" 2003, Desde Hoy"" 2005, counting among them hits such as ""Naturaleza,"" ""Imaginame Sin Ti,"" ""Pobre De El,"" ""Extraos ,"" "" La Mujer Que Me Domina"" and "" Digale."" In 2005 Pabon recorded a ""Live Concert"" in the city of Medellin, Colombia, entitled ""Trilogy Of The Salsa "" in which he shares with his friends Maelo Ruiz and Diego Gale. Pabon is currently preparing the production and recording of his new musical endeavor to celebrate his 30th year of his artistic career. "
This spring, we hosted eight workshops in Roxbury, East Boston, Dorchester, Charlestown and Chinatown where residents discussed their priorities for enhancing Boston neighborhoods and identified areas for transformation and growth.As part of our community engagement process, we have talked to more than 10,000 people across the City. One of the methods that we used to connect with communities were workshops, where we met with more than 250 people who participated in English, Chinese, Spanish, Haitian Creole and Cape Verdean Creole. Together, nearly 50 maps were completed, showcasing participants ideas for new places to live, work, and play, as well as highlighting the opportunity areas prioritized by each small group for growth and transformation.At community workshops around the city, Bostonians shared a vision ofmixed-use, mixed-income neighborhoodswhere home, work and play are closer together. Residents want growth and enhancement in neighborhoods throughout the city.Throughout, we heard a widespread desire forimproved service on existing transit routes, especially buses and the Fairmount line. We also heard a desire for new crosstown transit routes to connect neighborhoods to each other and to jobs. Workshop participants envisioned places like Downtown and the Longwood Medical Area becoming more mixed-use, with new housing for different income levels, jobs for different skill levels, and new open spaces.At ourEast Bostonworkshop, there was tremendous interest in improving connections between East Boston and the rest of the city, particularly to downtown Boston (i.e. bike access, ferry), and increasing connectivity within East Boston. Eastie residents emphasized the opportunity of Suffolk Downs and the East Boston waterfront, imagining them as vibrant districts that could retain the multiculturalism and affordability that residents love about the neighborhood.ManyDorchestercommunity workshop participants pointed to enhancing neighborhoods like Dudley Square, Bowdoin/Geneva, and Fields Corner. Participants envisioned neighborhood jobs and more local businesses, accompanied by job training and English language programs to help residents access jobs. For these residents, improvements in transportation were priorities, with different groups focusing on improved bus service, bicycle connections, and pedestrian connections. Residents also wanted to see more places to eat, shop and play in Fields Corner, Dudley, and Bowdoin/Geneva, including stores, restaurants, family friendly green spaces, sports facilities, and a movie theater.At our community workshop inMattapan, participants talked about improving access to public transit, in particular, connecting Mattapan to job centers like Longwood. Attendees also spoke of the importance of workforce training, improved open space and affordable housing. These priorities for investment were echoed in some of the major themes discussed, with residents specifically noting vibrant streets with more retail and cultural amenities as crucial, especially in Mattapan Square.Many participants at ourChinatowncommunity workshop emphasized Chinatown residents clear priorities for how to improve their neighborhood, with affordable housing emerging as a major theme. Participants also pointed to improved access from the community to major open space assets like Castle Island and Franklin Park, and new cultural facilities in Chinatown, as priorities for investment.Check out ourFacebookpage to view photos from our workshops. If you didnt get the opportunity to participate in our first wave of community workshops, there are a number of other ways to contribute to Bostons first citywide plan in 50 years.Share your ideasand connect with us onTwitter,FacebookandInstagramusing #ImagineBoston.You can also sign up for Imagine Bostonupdates.
Bastille Day, Festival Betances, and other events being held this weekend in Boston will impact traffic and parking on local streets. BTD suggests that people refrain from driving their personal vehicles into the city for these events. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be foundon their websiteand information on the MBTA may be found online. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round trip rather than a one-way ticket.Bastille DayMarlborough Street, Back Bay, between Berkeley and Clarendon Streets, closed to traffic from 7 AM on Friday, July 15, through 7 AM on Saturday, July 16.Festival Betances Parade will begin at 6 PM on Friday, July 15, at the Plaza Betances at 100 West Dedham Street, turn left on Tremont Street, left on Aguadilla Street, left again on Tremont Street, left on West Newton Street, left on Shawmut Avenue, left on San Juan Street, right on West Brookline Street, left on Washington Avenue, left on West Dedham Street, ending at the Plaza Betances.Traffic delays should be expected as the parade progress along the route. In addition, temporary Tow Zone No Stopping Friday through Sunday parking restrictions will be in effect as follows.Concerts at Fenway Park The following temporary parking restrictions will be in place to accommodate concerts taking place at Fenway Park. In addition, drivers should be aware that there is a $100 fine for parking illegally in Fenway/Kenmore Resident Parking Only spaces on event days at Fenway Park.Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday through Sunday 2 PM to 11:59 PMTow Zone No Parking Reserved for HP-DV Parking Only Friday  SundaySt. Mark Catholic Church Family Fun DaysBrent Street, Dorchester, from Joseph Street to Wainwright Street, closed to traffic on Sunday, July 17, from 10 AM to 5 PM.Convite Internacional Banilejo Temporary Tow Zone No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Sunday 8 AM to 7 PM parking restrictions will be in effect on Sunday, July 17 in Jamaica Plain.Saint Rocco ProcessionalTraffic will be delayed on various streets in the North End on Sunday, July 17, starting at 1 PM. The processional will begin on Prince Street and end on St. Leonards Church on Hanover Street at approximately 3 PM.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the Boston Public Library celebrated the grand reopening of the Central Library Renovation today with a10:30 a.m.ribbon cutting. The grand reopening marks the completion of the second and final phase of the renovation of the Central Library in Copley Square, which has been managed by the City of Boston's Public Facilities Department. This second phase of work includes updates to the lower level, first floor, mezzanine, and the building exterior of the Johnson building, which opened in 1972. The Central Library Renovation puts the Boston Public Library on the cutting edge of library services - reshaping and redefining the patron experience at a 21st century urban public library.""The reopening of the Central Library's Johnson building represents the investments we make in the future of all Boston residents, as our libraries are critical resources where residents gather to exchange and seek knowledge and information,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm grateful to all who contributed to the success of this project, and I look forward to Boston's residents and visitors enjoying the library's enhancements.""Highlights of the second phase of the renovation include removal of the granite plinths that covered the Johnson building windows - reconnecting the building to the street a revamped lecture hall for author talks and programming, a new innovation center, new Mac and Windows computers for the public computing area, a hi-tech community learning center, an enlarged Fiction section and new ways of book browsing, digital stacks to explore the BPL's digitized collections, a state-of-the art Welcome Center, a digital imaging suite, and major landscape components along Boylston Street, including a civic table and new trees. The enterprise retail space at the corner of Boylston and Exeter Streets will feature The Newsfeed Caf, opening mid-summer and operated by The Catered Affair, and a WGBH News satellite bureau and studio. Patrons will move seamlessly between the enterprise retail space and the Library.The public can learn more about the Johnson building's new features atwww.bpl.org/bplrenoand by following the BPL on Twitter (@bplboston),Facebook, and Instagram (@bplboston).""This is one of the most significant milestones in Boston Public Library history. The Central Library Renovation has greatly expanded offerings for people of all ages , and the library has been truly transformed,"" said Chair of the Board of the Trustees of the Boston Public Library Robert E. Gallery.""The goal of the renovation was to reinvent both our building and our library services as inviting, dynamic, and modern, to be responsive to twenty first century urban civic life and to strengthen the Central Library and its connection to the City,"" said David Leonard, President of the Boston Public Library. ""We are proud to welcome everyone, from near and far, to celebrate a new era of library service in Copley Square.""""We worked closely with the Boston Public Library and the City of Boston to develop an open kind of library space - the Big Urban Room - which connects the most active library uses to the city street. With over 210 feet of transparent frontage along Boylston Street and multiple entry points, this new space conveys a sense of welcome that captures the Boston Public Library mantra 'FREE TO ALL,'"" said architects Cliff Gayley and William Rawn, principals from William Rawn Associates, Architect, Inc.""The Boston Public Library is a major piece of our city's distinguished history and one that continues to provide services to thousands of residents in our community every day. We're honored to have completed this beautiful renovation featuring complex engineering and design that will be enjoyed for generations to come,"" said Matthew Consigli, President of Consigli Construction Co., Inc.The first phase of the renovation, which opened in February 2015, included a colorful Children's Library with books and media, early literacy and story time space, a tween corner, and flexible program space Teen Central, a distinctive and media-friendly space with books, digital lab, media lounge, a dedicated quiet zone, and homework and hangout booths refreshed and reorganized nonfiction collections and reference services and an adult reading area and workspace for individuals and groups.The Central Library Renovation project is funded by the City of Boston capital budget at $78 million. In addition to the City of Boston's Public Facilities Department, the project team includes PMA Consultants as the Owner's Project Manager, Consigli Construction Co., Inc. is the contractor, and the project architect is William Rawn Associates, Architects, Inc.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a children's room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. Visit us online at www.bpl.org"
"My thoughts are with the Dallas officers who were killed last night, and their families, and I'm praying for fast recovery for the injured. I unequivocally condemn violence against law enforcement officers. Whatever motivated this horrific attack, we should do all we can as a community and a nation to prevent it from inflaming existing tensions around police interactions. As Martin Luther King Jr. said, violence solves no problem but is ""a descending spiral ending in destruction for all."" We can and we must work together to end all the deadly violence afflicting our country."
Over the course of the past several months, Imagine Boston 2030 has been seeking feedback from Bostonians to help shape the first citywide plan in 50 years. We will be hosting another series of community workshops from July 13  28 to report back on what weve heard thus far, share the initiatives being explored, and gather your input about priorities for future investments that the city could make.Please join us, and invite your friends, family and neighbors. Check out the full list with dates and locations below.We hope youll join us for one of these events and share your vision for the future of Boston. Unable to make one of the workshops listed above? There are a number of additional ways toget involved, including connecting with us viaTwitter,Facebook, andInstagramusing our hashtag, #ImagineBoston.
Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) is pleased to bring back the annual BCYF Fun Stops offering free, daily, drop-in activities at seven locations in Boston through August 19.Children ages 8-18 are welcome to stop in and enjoy a variety of structured activities including board games, sports, arts and crafts and more from 12 noon to 6 p.m.* each weekday. No pre-registration is required, however, parents must fill out a brief waiver form that contains the necessary emergency contact information as well as allows youth to swim during scheduled times at the Fun Stop pool locations. Each Fun Stop is limited to 50 youth. Many of the Fun Stops are able to provide lunch through the Summer Food Service Program, but please confirm with the site. Fun Stops began on July 5 and will continue through Friday, August 19.The Fun Stops are hosted in parks or open spaces adjacent to or near a BCYF community center. For more about the Fun Stops, contact the host community center listed below:BCYF Blackstone Community Center50 West Brookline Street, South End, 617-635-5162BCYF Clougherty Pool at Doherty ParkBunker Hill Street, Charlestown, 617-635-5174BCYF Holland Community Center85 Olney Street, Dorchester, 617-635-5144BCYF Jackson/Mann Community Center at Ringer ParkGordon Street, Allston, 617-635-5153BCYF Mildred Avenue Community Center5 Mildred Avenue, Mattapan, 617-635-1328BCYF Leahy-Holloran Community Center @ Garvey Park* operates from 2-8 p.m.Neponset Avenue, Dorchester, 617-635-5150BCYF Paris Street Pool113 Paris Street, East Boston, 617-635-5125/1410
You are the future and I have no doubt --and hope-- that one of you will have my job someday, said Felix Arroyo, Bostons Chief of Health & Human Services. Today is about providing you with the knowledge and tools to help you get the most out of your summer job experience and laying the foundation for success.During the speaking program, MCd by Stephen LaFume, rising senior at Boston Latin Academy, and Wendy Escobar, rising junior at Charlestown High School, the youth heard from Boston Centers for Youth & Families Commissioner William Morales whose remarks focused on the importance of setting goals and taking advantage of opportunities and the relationships you make. Bostons Chief of Health & Human Services, Felix Arroyo, introduced special guest Jermaine Wiggy Wiggins, Boston native, former New England Patriot and current Hot 96.9 morning radio personality. The youth then participated in professional and personal development workshops including Signal Success Financial Literacy Triple A Attitude, Attendance and Attire for Success facilitated by Mass Mentoring Partnership and How to Help a Friend facilitated by the Samaritans, Inc. A summer job is so important because it helps shape the person you become, foster relationships you will rely on and develop the work ethic you have throughout your life, said William Morales, Commissioner of Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF.) In this room are people who care about you and are here to make sure you feel confident and supported as you head off to work.The young people who attended Youth Enrichment Day will be working across the City in a variety of jobs such as staffing summer camps and programs, helping out at Bostons museums and cultural locations, supporting businesses downtown and more. The workshops provided the youth - many of whom have never worked before - with the tools for success at work, how to make better decisions with the money they will earn and addressed the important topic of teen suicide with the older youth at the event. The Samaritans shared that suicide is the second leading cause of death among teenagers and adults up to age 34 and the annual number of suicides in Massachusetts is almost 4 times higher than all homicides, and greater than all homicides and traffic fatalities combined. People can now call or text Samaritans Statewide Helpline 877-870-HOPE (4673) in MA 24 hours per day.In addition to the City's Chief of Health & Human Services, Felix Arroyo, Boston Centers for Youth & Families Commissioner, William Morales, and Jermaine Wiggins, also participating in the event was Kenneth Elmore, Associate Provost and Dean of Students at Boston University.Mayor Walsh has made youth summer employment a priority for his Administration, pledging to place approximately 11,000 Boston youth in meaningful summer employment. In the FY17 budget, Mayor Walsh has allocated over $5 million to fund youth jobs through the BCYF Division of Youth Engagement & Employment. In addition to SuccessLink, several partnering organizations help the City to hire youth through the Mayor's Summer Jobs Program.
The Avon Walk for Breast Cancer and the Madonna del Grazie Procession being held this weekend in Boston will delay traffic, require temporary parking restrictions and result in additional people walking on local streets. The Boston Transportation Department reminds drivers, cyclists and pedestrians to proceed with caution while traveling around the city.BTD suggests that people not drive their personal vehicles into the city for these events. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found atwww.thehubway.comand information on the MBTA may be found atwww.mbta.com. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round trip rather than a one-way ticket.Avon Walk for Breast CancerWill be held on Saturday, July 9, and Sunday, July 10, beginning at 6AM, with an estimated 2,000 walkers expected on both days traversing sidewalks throughout Boston.Streets will not be closed to traffic, but delays should be expected at intersections.To accommodate the event, temporary Tow Zone, No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Wednesday through Saturday parking restrictions are in place at the following locations.Temporary Tow Zone No Stopping Saturday parking restrictions will be in effect at the following locations.The Procession of Madonna del Grazie will take place on Sunday, July 10, from 2 PM until approximately 6 PM. Marchers will gather at North Square and travel on a route from Prince Street to several streets in the North End, and finish at Sacred Heart Church at #12 North Square.
"BOSTON -Thursday, July 7, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the opening of the new ""City Hall Porch,"" an area accessible through the 3rd-floor mezzanine of City Hall. The launch of the City Hall Porch is another project designed to encourage Boston residents and visitors to enliven City Hall and the Plaza. City Hall Porch will remain open to the public throughout the summer during lunch hours, Monday - Friday from 10:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.The Porch builds off City Hall Plaza's front lawn, which was launched earlier this summerand features astroturf grass and lawn games on the steps of City Hall Plaza.""Opening the City Hall Porch for the summer is a simple and creative way to makeCity Hall more inviting for residents and visitors,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Everyone is welcome on the Porch, whether it is to socialize with friends or to relax in the summer sun. The opening of the space is just one more step towards making our most prominent civic space in Boston more resourceful and welcoming for all who visit.""The Porch opened yesterday during the awards ceremony for thePublic Space Invitational, and features four sets of the City's parklets - seasonal patios designed for public spaces - that provide comfortable seating for the city's residents and visitors.The parklets featured on the Porch will eventually be dispatched to neighborhoods throughout Boston to provide centrally located places in busy urban locations for people to sit and socialize in an attractive, well maintained outdoor living space. Theparkletswere installed as part of a pilot program led by the Boston Transportation Department in Allston/Brighton two summers ago, when the City partnered with local businesses to provide day-to-day maintenance of the parklets. The parklets are made of durable plastic, and can easily be transferred between locations in the city. As a concept, parklets provide a fresh interest in the surrounding area by attracting people to Main Streets Districts, enlivening local streets, and generating business activity.  About the Mayor's Office of New Urban MechanicsTheMayor's Office of New Urban Mechanicsserves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs. Their streetscape work spans ways to make the transportation experience better for users, through products like the ParkBoston app, to providing ways for local designers to make public space more intuitive and delightful with the Public Space Invitational."
"BOSTON -Thursday, July 7, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh yesterday evening announced the winners of the City's second Public Space Invitational, a civic design competition that challenged applicants to conceptualize projects that have the potential to reimagine and enhance our public spaces in Boston. The seven winning projects were selected for their creative use of public space that will have immediate impact, while upgrading the functionality of the public space. ""Public spaces define life in the city, and these ideas bring to life the Boston that is bold, experimental, and empowered to try new things,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank every person who submitted a proposal to this unique competition, and congratulate the winners who are taking the reins of civic innovation and driving us forward as an innovative and thriving city."" The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics, in partnership with the Boston Art Commission and the City's Streets cabinet, launched the competition in February asking participantsto submit ideas on how to make civic space, infrastructure, or civic processes more inviting, functional, and fun.  This year's Public Space Invitational featured three challenges: an analog challenge, a digital challenge, and a bonus challenge. The seven selected project proposals include:AnalogNight GardenLocation:Boston Day and Evening Academy, 20 Kearsarge Rd., RoxburyProposed by:Ethan Vogt, Mihai Dinulescu, Shawn Flaherty, DiDi Delgado Night Garden is a light installation designed to create a space for evening food and performance events in Boston Day and Evening Academy's community garden. The project builds off the existing social capital and sense of shared ownership of community gardens, but extends the hours, audience, and activities of those spaces. In conjunction with community partners, the team will design and install a series of durable, outdoor light installations. The project will culminate with a Harvest Celebration in the fall, where the produce of the garden will be enjoyed within a fully immersive light environment accompanied by poetry performance. Egleston #StreetMurals #MuralesEnLaCalleLocation:Egleston Square, Jamaica PlainProposed by:Luis Cotto, Dorothy Fennell, Sydney Hardin Egleston Square Main Streets seeks to implement a community-designed street mural at the intersection of Boylston Street and Egleston Street in Jamaica Plain's Egleston Square neighborhood. This would become one of the City's first street murals. The analog project will utilize low-fi technology, paint on the street, combined with an inclusive public art process to transform the roadway into a low-speed corridor, invigorating on-street activity and beautifying the space for residents and visitors alike. Franklin Street (Allston) NeighborwayLocation:Franklin Street, AllstonProposed by:Mark Chase, Viola Augustin, Tom BertulisUsing on-street murals, pavement markings and high-quality planters, the applicants intend for a community-led slow street intervention on Franklin St. in Allston to prioritize pedestrian and bicyclist safety. The Franklin Street Neighborway is intended to serve the hundreds of residents in the Franklin Street neighborhood, and also bicyclists who are looking for a low-stress way to travel between existing bicycle facilities on Western Avenue in Allston and the Harvard Avenue/Packards Corner area.DigitalPublic RadioLocation:TBDProposed by:New American Public Art New American Public Art's proposal includes installing a functional, larger-than-life radio in a City park or public space. Public Radio leverages the existing infrastructure of radio to provide the users of Boston's public spaces with an additional amenity. The proposal put forth the intent that music encourages movement, creates a sense of place, and provides an opportunity for spontaneous interaction with other people. The Public StageLocation:TBDProposed by:Liat Racin, Matan Mayer, Mariko Davidson, Christina Usenza, Alon Dagan  The proposal will use synchronized light and sound to link to an orchestra's soundscape through a livestream audio transmission to Boston's urbanscape. A light display will illuminate the space with attractive colors synchronized in real time to the volume and timbre of the performance.The project intends to unify people in their appreciation for music, a universal language that transcends social and cultural boundaries.BonusRadiant ForestLocation:Mattapan StationProposed by:Chris Freda, Ryan Collier, Jhanea Williams, Anthony LawsonRadiant Forest is intended to transform the Mattapan bus station platform into a dynamic and delightful work of art that celebrates the shelter utility with an array of translucent-colored screens just beneath the glass panels that form the station's covering. The screens will be designed and printed to evoke the sensation of standing beneath a canopy of trees with green and yellow patterns filtering light. On a sunny day, passengers will be able to look up and see a collage of vibrant glowing leaf-like shapes illuminated from above and filtering light. The intended effect will both brighten and enliven the Mattapan Station waiting area and create a dynamic mural of light on the station throughout the day and across all four seasons. Real People, Real Stories: MattapanLocation:Mattapan Station and/or Bus Stations in MattapanProposed by:Professor and Poet Laureate Danielle Legros Georges and Jennifer Waddell The proposal includes a series of printed photographs and poems based on interviews with current residents of Mattapan. The portraits and poetic texts would be displayed on digital monitors within or on the exterior of the clear outdoor waiting shelters, or via free-standing outdoor digital media enclosures. The team will interview approximately 25 Mattapan residents to capture their stories, give voice to those who might not ordinarily speak up and help foster a sense of community within the vibrant neighborhood. Photographer Jennifer Waddell will create a series of portraits, spending time with each subject order to create as honest a representation of each subject as possible. Poet Laureate Danielle Legros Georges will work with a small team of young writers from the community to interview subjects, edit their stories, and distill the stories into poetic texts. Public Space Invitational Honorable MentionsA Monument to UsProposed by:Hilary ZelsonA Monument to Us highlights everyday individuals such as students, scientists, and teachers with CNC-cut sculptures.Calm SpotsProposed by:Zhanina Boyadzhieva, Miriam Roure, Daniella Dasso, Marius Monton, Aitor AlsinaCalm spots intends to create places of reflection and meditation in the city using beacons, a location-aware app, and ten-minute meditation podcasts.The Sounding CubeProposed by:Nettrice Gaskins and Duncan Remage-Healey of Boston Arts Academy and Susan Kilmczack of South End Technology CenterThe Sounding Cube is a sound-activated outdoor sculpture.Forever PuddlesProposed by:Gianna StewartThe artist behind Forever Puddles proposed still mirrored, simulated puddles on city sidewalks.Gateway to the GreenwayProposed by:Alex Reisman, Ben Fairbank, and Josh HasenfusThe team behind Gateway to the Greenway proposed new landscaping and a living mural for Mattapan Station. About the Public Space InvitationalThe Public Space Invitational is part of a continuing series of efforts to engage Boston's creative community. For more information on the initiative, please visitthem online, join the conversation on Twitter using the hashtag #BostonPSI, or watch this promotionalvideo.About the Mayor's Office of New Urban MechanicsThe Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics in Boston serves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs.About the Boston Art CommissionFirst assembled in 1890, the Boston Art Commission advocates for the creation of innovative and transformative art and promotes its accessibility to enrich the lives of Boston's diverse citizens and visitors.About the Streets CabinetThe Streets cabinet includes the City's Public Works and Transportation Departments. Together, they plan, design, build and manage Boston's 800 miles of City streets."
This class is designed to deliver an overview of nightclub fire safety laws and regulations to fire officials and inspectors, building commissioners and inspectors, nightclub owners and operators, Massachusetts ABCC officials, and nightclub crowd managers. The focal point of the training will be to provide a better understanding of what type of conditions to look for when conducting an inspection, a clearer picture of how code violations impact nightclubs and similar regulated venues, and insight on how to reduce or eliminate violations, with the main focus on occupant safety.Through the use of lecture, case studies, exercises, and a knowledge assessment, the attendees will build upon their basic knowledge of the safety codes to develop a more thorough understanding of the specific risks associated with these special occupancies and the steps necessary to properly conduct inspections. Additional course offerings will be scheduled in the near future.Notes: This course consists of eight (8) hours of instructor-led classroom training. Program materials will be provided.Prerequisite: There are no prerequisites to take this course.This training is supported by federally awarded Assistance to Firefighters Grant Program - Fire Prevention and Safety Grant funds under award number EMW-2014-FP-00247.Register online at List of Current MFA Courses. To register by mail or fax, please complete a standard DFS/MFA Student Application and mail to:
Mark your calendar and bring your friends and family to a fun and free BCYF Neighborhood Block Party! Select Thursday nights in July and August from 5:00 to 7:00 p.m., the BCYF Neighborhood Block Party will offer a variety of free activities including live music with Bostons own Lisa Bello, a cookout, snow cones, arts & crafts activities, face painting, swimming (as indicated below), resource tables with great information and giveaways staffed by our partners and other city agencies, and more.This summers schedule is as follows:July 14 BCYF Clougherty Pool, Bunker Hill Street, Charlestown (swimming) July 21 BCYF Jackson-Mann Community Center at Ringer Park, AllstonAugust 4 BCYF Blackstone Community Center at Ramsey Park, South EndAugust 18 BCYF Leahy-Holloran Community Center, Dorchester (swimming)August 25 BCYF Paris Street Pool, East Boston (swimming)In the case of rain or other weather issues, please check the BCYF Facebook page (Facebook.com/BCYFBoston) or Twitter at @BCYFCenters to check for cancellation. The Block Parties are generously supported by the Foundation for BCYF.
At the Mayors Office of Arts & Culture, weve just released thecall for artistsfor the second round ofBoston AIR, our artist in residence program within City government. The name Boston AIR refers to Artists-In-Residence but its also a nod to our desire to do things differently in City Hall  that working with artists will bring a breath of fresh air to government. The name is aspirational as well: putting artists at the forefront of our work in Boston should be as common as the air that we breathe.In the Boston Creates plan, one of the goals is to integrate arts and culture into all aspects of civic life. To achieve this goal, we want to change City policymaking and practice to integrate creative thinking into the work of every municipal department and all planning efforts. One of the first programs to do this is Boston AIR.Everyone agrees that theres lots of room for improvement with our public agencies. There is so much potential that can be realized by bringing in the creative thinking and innovative approaches from artists in a variety of disciplines into the day to day work of government. An encouraging aspect of our first foray into this work is the overwhelming receptivity among our fellow City agencies and colleagues. Not many of them would call themselves artists but through Boston AIR, we are finding that there are some very creative people in City government, and they have welcomed the opportunity to approach their work in new, collaborative ways.The Boston AIR pilot is culminating with three residencies.LMerchie Frazier is in residence with the Office of Womens Advancement and the Office of Recovery Services. Her projectWhere Women Succeed: The Quilted Pathis a multi-disciplinary and public fiber art project designed to increase resources and awareness of women who are recovering from substance abuse, taking steps towards achieving the Mayors vision for a thriving, healthy and innovative Boston.Georgie Friedman is in residence with the Department of Neighborhood Development and the Parks and Recreation Department. She is working on a large-scale installation that will project video of natural elements on to existing architecture in areas in need of revitalization. Her work is creating a bridge between municipal government and community organizations interested in improving their neighborhood with public art.Finally, Shaw Pong Liu is in residence with the Boston Police Department, experimenting with ways that collaborative music-making can create a different kind of time, connection and space for healing and dialogue around the topics of gun violence, race and law enforcement practices. People are paying attention to what is happening here in Boston. Earlier this year, PBS host Tavis Smiley brought hisOne Great Ideatour to Boston and featured the City of Bostons AIR program. You can watch his interview with Shaw Pong Liu and LMerchie Frazierhere. The second round of Boston AIR will focus on theBoston Centers for Youth and Families.Our hope is that Boston AIR will not only transform the work of BCYF agency-wide but to also have an impact on ten specific centers that will host the residencies. Because BCYF serves such a diverse population from early childhood, to school age children and teens, all the way through seniors, we know that the residencies can play a role in inspiring all Bostonians to value, practice and reap the benefits of creativity in their individual lives and in their communities.Theapplicationfor Boston AIR artists is due on July 24th. Please help us reach the talented creatives who might be a fit for this work by sharing this call. Thanks for your ongoing support of Boston Creates.
The Boston Transportation Department will be offering free cycling clinics for adult women this summer at locations around the city. Women who never learned to ride a bike, as well as those who would like to refresh their skills, are all encouraged to attend. With the New Balance Hubway bike-share program expanding to Roxbury, North Dorchester and East Boston this year, its the perfect time to join Bostons bicycling community.On my recent visit to China, it was great to see residents enjoying bike rides while cycling safely in designated bike lanes on city streets, said Boston Mayor Martin J. Walsh. Continuing to improve our bicycling infrastructure here in Boston is one of our goals, and providing clinics to teach residents to ride safely goes hand in hand with this priority.We are thrilled to be able to provide this opportunity to Boston residents free of charge, added Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. Whether your intention is to ride off-road, on a local street, or on major roads downtown, its crucial that you practice the basic rules of safe cycling. Our instructors will teach you how to confidently and safely enjoy your ride in Boston.Cycling classes being offered are Basic Skills Clinics and Intro to Street Riding Clinics. Basic Skills Clinics are for those who have never ridden a bike, or need to brush up on their skills. They are taught entirely in parking lots. Intro to Street Riding Clinics start in parking lots and end on public streets. Both classes cover the rules of the road. Registration is required athttps://www.boston.gov/departments/boston-bikes/women-bike. Bikes and helmets are available to borrow upon request at registration. Clinic schedules are as follows:Basic Skills ClinicsIntro to Street Riding ClinicsBicycling is a fun, healthy and economical way to get around, said Stefanie Seskin, Bostons Active Transportation Director. These classes help more of Bostons women to get more comfortable on a bike and to enjoy our city.All Womens Learn to Ride clinics are taught by women. According to Program Manager Kim Foltz, of those adults who regularly bicycle, 70% are men and 30% are women. Women in Boston have expressed an interest in women-only classes that will allow them to learn to ride and become a part of Bostons bicycling community together.Residents can also visit free bike repair clinics at Farmers Markets and elsewhere in Boston. In addition to basic tune-ups, they can learn how to repair and maintain their own bikes. Some of these programs are supported in part by the City of Boston.
"BOSTON -Wednesday, July 6, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced theFridayAfternoon Concert Series lineup for July, hosted by the Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports, & Entertainment. EveryFridayfromJuly 8 - August 26, 2016, a different local band will perform live from12 - 2 p.m.in Sam Adams Park, directly outside of Faneuil Hall. The concerts are free and residents and visitors of all ages are encouraged to attend.This year's July lineup is as follows:""We are lucky to live in a city with so much musical talent,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""TheFridayAfternoon Concert Series hosts some of Boston's best emerging local musicians, and I encourage all residents and visitors to take advantage of this wonderful series."" About the Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports, & EntertainmentThe Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, free public events for Bostonians and visitors to the city and is proud to collaborate with Metro Boston as our media partner for Summer 2016.For further information please call617-635-3911, go toboston.gov/visitors, Facebook Boston City Tourism, or check out@VisitBostonCityon Twitter. Sam Adams Park/Faneuil Hall is accessible by MBTA via Haymarket (Orange and Green) and State Street (Orange and Blue).About The Dingo BabiesThe Dingo Babies' sound is focused on tight harmonies and catchy sideways power-pop tunes about inner and outer space. Their style rides the waves of The Avett Brothers, Weezer, Alt-J and Crash Kings. They began performing in small local venues and at homeless shelters and food kitchens through Berklee's student run service program ""The Movement."" They have continued to stay active in service, raising over $1,000 to benefit the human rights organization Calling All Crows by performing on the street, strongly believing in music as a vehicle for happiness and positive social change. They have released one full length album entitled Breakfast (""The raw emotion of it is obvious... eclectic, interesting, and accessible"" -WMFO) and have opened for acts such as Chadwick Stokes (Dispatch, State Radio). The Dingo Babies are currently working on an album due out very soon.About HoneysuckleHoneysuckle is a progressive folk trio, which blends older influences and traditional instrumentation with modern effects and inspiration. They can be found frequently playing in the Boston area and surrounding cities in the Northeast with bands such as Boy & Bear, Grey Season and many others. Holly McGarry, Benjamin Burns and Chris Bloniarz make up the trio. They currently have 2 releases, ""Live at Rockwood Music Hall,"" and their 2015 EP, ""Arrows."" Honeysuckle was chosen to be a Converse Rubber Tracks artist, played at the 2015 Newport Folk Festival and were nominated for best Folk and best Americana artists of the year at the 2015 Boston Music Awards. About Sumner & MossSumner & Moss is a folk duo based in Boston. Rooted in traditional American music, Sam Moss and Rachel Sumner weave close harmonies into classic bluegrass and country songs alongside their own roots-inspired originals. Sam Moss is an acclaimed songwriter and string player currently working on his ninth album. Rachel Sumner is a member of award-winning bluegrass band Twisted Pine to which she lends her voice, guitar and songs.About Dear JuneDear June is a rock & roll band from Boston. Founded as a duo with folk roots, the band has transformed into a 5 piece with a distinctly eclectic, Americana sound. Their blend of unique harmonies and compelling lyrics produces a well-rounded and soulful sound. Dear June pulls influence from a range of acts, from Tedeschi Trucks to Brazilian funk, showcasing the various talents and interests of each band member."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, July 5, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh and the City of Boston Office of Arts & Culture today announced ""Foresightand Unpredictability"", an exhibition of drawings by Xiaowei Chen, is available for viewing at Boston City Hall. The exhibition is currently on display in the 5th Floor Mayor's Gallery at Boston City Hall, where it will remain untilAugust 5, 2016.""I am pleased to welcome Xiaowei's exhibition to City Hall,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud we are able to display a local artist's work, showcasing the City's talented art community for residents and visitors to enjoy.""Chen's work includes video, drawing and painting. She explores natural environments, natural disasters, human thought and the interconnectivity between the three. Her current focus is large-scale drawings.""Drawing takes me to the depths of subconsciousness and resurfacing with images which are often more abstract than the motifs that I choose to use,"" said artist Xiaowei Chen. ""I found this way of art making exhilarating because it allows both foresight and unpredictability.""Chen holds a degree from the Institute of Graphic Communication in Beijing. Her recent exhibitions include solo shows at the TLGUTS Gallery in Lynn and the artSPACE@16 in Malden. She has previously served as a guest lecturer at the School of the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston.About the Galleries at Boston City HallThe Galleries at Boston City Hall are open the public at no charge and are accessible to persons with disabilities. Boston City Hall is accessible by the MBTA via Haymarket (Orange line) or Government Center (Green and Blue lines). For more information, call617-635-3245or visitwww.cityofboston.gov/arts. "
Special events taking place as part of the City of Bostons annual July 4thcelebration will require that vehicle traffic is prohibited and parking is restricted on select local streets in Boston. People coming into the city to enjoy the festivities are strongly encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found atwww.thehubway.comand information on the MBTA may be found atwww.mbta.com. Please check the July 4th celebration page for information on state-owned roads in and around Boston for the festivities on the Esplanade.LOCAL STREETS CLOSED TO VEHICULAR TRAFFIC3 PMLOCAL STREETS CLOSED TO VEHICULAR TRAFFIC6 PMIn addition, the City of Bostons annual Independence Day Parade will begin at City Hall Plaza at 9 AM. An estimated 500 marchers will proceed left onto Cambridge Street, continue onto Tremont Street, left onto Bromfield Street, left onto Washington Street, right onto Court Street, pausing at the Old State House, left onto Congress Street to Faneuil Hall. Traffic will be delayed briefly on streets along the route as the parade progresses along the route.Tow Zone, No Stopping  Thursday, June 30, through Monday, July 4Tow Zone, No Stopping  Sunday, July 3 through Monday, July 4Tow Zone, No Stopping  Monday, July 4
"BOSTON -Friday, July 1, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today revealed a new 32-inch solar-powered E Ink screen on City Hall Plaza. The sign uses ePaper technology and will provide visitors to City Hall Plaza with information on local events and help residents and visitors locate nearby landmarks. Through a partnership between the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics (MONUM), E Ink and Global Display Solutions (GDS), the prototype sign is the first of its kind in the nation. ""Over the past two years we have been taking steps to improve our city services and make City Hall more inviting for residents and visitors,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By providing residents with real-time information that is both helpful and easily accessible, we are building on our commitment to providing excellent City services to the people of Boston. The addition of this screen is just one more step towards making our most prominent civic space in Boston more resourceful and welcoming for all who visit."" The 32-inch E Ink display is connected to cloud servers, allowing City staff to easily update screen content online. The screen is solar-powered, requiring less energy consumption than a traditional digital screen with easy readability. The E Ink screen is also weather resistant, enabling it to remain in operation through the harshest of weather conditions. The City will alter the content and informational layout in the coming months as needed based upon user feedback, starting with basic wayfinding.""There are thousands of visitors and dozens of events happening around City Hall Plaza each week,"" said Judy Wang, Innovation Fellow with the New Urban Mechanics who managed the project. ""This screen will allow City Hall to share all of these events with public in real time, and this tool gives us a new way to engage with visitors, get them excited about upcoming activities and help them navigate all our city has to offer."" The City Hall Plaza screen is the first known civic use of an E Ink powered sign in the United States. The Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics collaborated with WalkBoston, an advocacy group focused on pedestrian issues, to refine the wayfinding design and provide accurate walk times to a variety of nearby destinations. ""GDS is proud to be part of the City of Boston's plan to improve the public experience by providing better information with an energy sustainable solution,"" said Andrea Ongaro, GDS Chief Technical Officer. ""Our collaboration with E Ink has helped realize a product we hope Boston is proud of."" ""E Ink is honored to partner with the City of Boston in realizing its smart city vision,"" said Harit Doshi, head of E Ink's Signage business.""Together with GDS, we have created an eco-friendly display that replaces paper signs with a dynamic ePaper display that will provide the public with valuable information."" About the Mayor's Office of New Urban MechanicsThe Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanicsserves as the City's innovation incubator, building partnerships between internal agencies and outside entrepreneurs to pilot projects that address resident needs. Their streetscape work spans ways to make the transportation experience better for users, through products like the ParkBoston app, to providing ways for local designers to make public space more intuitive and delightful with the Public Space Invitational. About Global Display Solutions, Inc.For more than 35 years, GDS is at the forefront of developing and manufacturing leading edge technologies for the digital signage market. We are passionately committed to pioneering new displays technologies while delivering total customer satisfaction in the design, manufacturing, installation and lifetime support of our display solutions. Our goal is to provide eye catching display performance at lowest total cost of ownership. About E Ink HoldingsFounded in 1992 by Taiwan's leading papermaking and printing group YFY (1907.TW), E Ink Holdings Inc. (8069.TWO), based on technology from MIT's Media Lab, has transformed and defined the eReader market with its ePaper technology, enabling a new multi-billion market in less than 10 years. Its corporate philosophy aims to deliver revolutionary products, user experiences, and environmental benefits through advanced technology development. This vision has led to its continuous investments in the field of ePaper displays as well as expanding the use of its technologies into a number of other markets and applications. Its EPD products make it the worldwide leader for ePaper. Its FFS technologies are a standard for high end consumer electronic products. Listed in Taiwan's GreTai Securities Market and the Luxembourg market, E Ink Holdings is now the world's largest supplier of displays to the eReader market."
"BOSTON -Friday, July 1, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced former Mayor of Boston and Ambassador to the Vatican Raymond Flynn will be this year's orator for Boston's Independence Day Celebration, which will take place at10:00 a.m.onJuly 4that Faneuil Hall. Flynn has orated the celebration once before in 1986, making this year special as the 30th anniversary of his first oration.""Through his lifelong commitment to public service, Ray Flynn embodies the spirit of America,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Ray has dedicated his career to his country, and the people of Boston, and I am pleased to welcome him back to Faneuil Hall to celebrate Independence Day.""Flynn will join a distinguished and diverse list of orators for the ceremony, which dates back to 1773. Past orators include: John Quincy Adams, John F. Kennedy, Horace Mann, Keith Lockhart and Julia Child.""This4th of July, I am proud to recognize all the dedicated and loyal Americans who continue to work hard, defend our nation, raise strong families and play by the rules. Our active citizens are what makes America the great country is it,"" said Ambassador Flynn. ""I'm delighted to join Mayor Walsh for the historic Faneuil Hall Oration in celebration of Independence Day.""In addition to the oration, The City of Boston's Independence Day Celebration schedule is as follows:All times shown are approximate and are subject to change.9:00AM- Official celebration begins at City Hall Plaza with a brief ceremony at the flagpoles lead by Mayor Martin J. Walsh. 9:20AM- The marching units and dignitaries assemble and proceed from City Hall Plaza to Tremont Street. 9:30AM- The procession halts at the Old Granary Burial Ground where Sam Adams, John Hancock, Peter Faneuil and Robert Treat Paine are honored and then continues to Bromfield Street to Washington Street to Old State House. 9:40AM- The Declaration of Independence is read by Brigadier General Robert Welch of the Ancient and Honorable Artillery Company at the Old State House balcony,fromwhich the Declaration of Independence was first read to Bostonians in 1776, by a member of the Ancients. 10:00AM- Procession reforms from Congress Street to North Street and ends at Faneuil Hall. 10:15AM- Patriotic Exercises are held at Faneuil Hall, with remarks from Mayor Walsh, oration by Raymond Flynn and patriotic musical selections. About the Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and EntertainmentThe Mayor's Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment is committed to producing fun, free, public, family-friendly events for the people of Boston and visitors to enjoy.For more information, please call617-635-3911, visitboston.gov/summer, or check out@VisitBostonCityon Twitter. City Hall Plaza is accessible by MBTA via Haymarket (Orange and Green), State Street (Orange and Blue) or Park Street (Green and Red).About Ambassador FlynnRay Flynn served as U.S. Ambassador to the Vatican and was elected Mayor of Boston three times by the highest margin in modern Boston history. Flynn is an honors graduate from both Providence College and Harvard Graduate School of Education. He was voted to the All American Academic Team, inducted into the NCAA Hall of Fame, Most Valuable Player in the National Invitational Tournament, voted the Greatest Athlete in South Boston history and received 17 Honorary doctorate degrees from leading American colleges. Flynn served in the U.S. Army and was a Boston Public school teacher, college basketball and baseball coach, and best-selling author of The Accidental Pope, and John Paul II, A Personal Portrait of the Pope and the Man.Ray and Kathy (Coyne) Flynn have been married for 51 years, and have 6 children and 17 grandchildren. He has become a leading U.S. advocate for Special Needs Children and still coaches baseball and soccer in the Challenge League, sponsored by the Teamsters Union. Ray is a Life Time Member of the International Longshoreman's Union where both Kathy's father, Frank, and Ray's dad, Steve, were also union dock workers on the Port of Boston. Mayor Martin Walsh and the Boston Redevelopment Authority recently renamed the Boston Marine Industrial Park - The Raymond L. Flynn Marine Park - after the former Ambassador and Mayor."
This is a significantmilestone in a process that began well over a year ago. With the plan now complete, we've already started on the implementation efforts that will help us integrate arts and culture into the fabric of our city.At the launch of the plan, Mayor Walsh announced aPercent for ArtProgram. He also detailed a plan toset-aside housing units for artistsin Boston Housing Authority Redevelopments and the inclusion ofArts Innovation Districtsin the Imagine Boston 2030 plan. Paul Grogan, president and CEO of The Boston Foundation announced theCatalyze Creativity collaborative pooled grant fund for Dance and Theater,seeded by The Boston Foundation with an additional contribution from the Barr Foundation.These are just a few of the many implementation efforts that are getting underway, all of which will help prioritize arts and culture in Boston. For more details on these announcements, I encourage you to read the Mayors Medium post:A Culture Shift: Moving the Arts Closer to the Heart of All We Do.Just last week, we announced applications are now available for the second year ofBostons Artist-in-Residence Program, helping us to achieve the goal of integrating arts and culture into all aspects of civic life. In the second cohort, we will select ten artists to help incorporate artistic practices into city departments and community work. The artists will work in collaboration with Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), through their community centers andcitywide initiatives, such as the BCYF Streetworker Program, youth summer programs and leadership development for young women. The deadline to submit applications isSunday, July 24. I hope you will help us share the word about this program. You can learn more about the programhere.We know that to achieve the goals of the plan, it will take collaboration, a culture shift that unlocks new partnerships, takes down barriers to participation, builds infrastructure to support artists, and aligns resources towards the goal of making Boston a municipal arts leader.We look forward to working with you to make it happen.  
"BOSTON -Thursday, June 30, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined U.S. Congresswoman Katherine Clark,Senate President Stan Rosenberg, Speaker Robert DeLeo, Attorney General Maura Healey, Congressman Joseph Kennedy and Sheriff Steven Tompkins and elected officials from across the Commonwealth for a rally on the Massachusetts State House steps to demand action on ending gun violence.""Gun violence is a defining issue of our time,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm proud to stand here with other Massachusetts leaders to demand action on gun control -- even one gun-related death is too many. We cannot afford inaction on a national level, and I urge our leaders in Congress to pass the common-sense gun legislation our country supports and needs.""Mayor Walsh's remarks at the rally builds on the City of Boston's commitment to stopping the gun violence that affects too many families. Under the leadership of Mayor Walsh and Boston Police Commissioner William Evans, the City of Boston and the Boston Police Department (BPD) have made gun violence reduction and combating illegal gun trafficking a top priority in the City. The City has developed and implemented a holistic approach that engages with partners at the federal, state, local and community levels. Since 2014 to 2016,2,192firearms have been recovered by the BPD.These efforts start with positive interactions on the streets and in school classrooms, include proactive prevention and diversion for at-risk youth and their families, and provide pathways away from violence for those who are ready to make a change. Community policing is a long term investment in partnerships and relationship building that creates trust, provides those in need connections to services and opportunities and supports early prevention and problem solving.Specific initiatives established by the City include:New England Regional Gun Violence SummitThe New England Regional Gun Violence Summit is an initiative established by Mayor Walsh in 2014 that brings together city leaders from across New England to work collaboratively to share strategies to reduce gun violence and reduce trafficking of illegal firearms. This regional partnership focuses on collaboration and open dialogue about the reality of gun violence in New England cities. In FY16, two Summits were convened, one in November 2015, and another in April 2016. To date, significant actions have been taken by cities across the region, a result of the direct connections made between cities and law enforcement agencies with field experts and community partners.Arms With Ethics Regional Pilot ProgramThrough a $25,000 grant from the Boston Foundation (TBF), the non-profit Arms With Ethics will work with Boston to lead a multi-city pilot program in the New England Region to develop customized law enforcement-led projects focused on preventing the illegal flow and illegal use of guns.Replica Hand Gun BanIn November 2015, Mayor Walsh signed an ordinance banning replica handguns in public spaces. Given the authentic look of many of the replica handguns on the street, residents and even police officers have a difficult time determining what a real firearm versus an imitation firearm is.Responsible Purchasing InitiativeIn conjunction with the Arms with Ethics Responsible Gun Vendor Initiative, going forward BPD will require all firearm vendors and retailers who respond to bids for the purchase of Department firearms to complete a survey about responsible gun vendor practices and include their responses to the survey with their bid responseThese responses will be included as part of the overall bid package, and will be evaluated by the Department to ensure the vendors and retailers are following best practices in their own company to prevent illegal gun sales and theft.Piece for Peace Buyback ProgramThe gun buyback program is a proactive campaign to take guns off Boston's streets. The buyback program asks city residents to turn-in their gun(s) at designated drop-off locations citywide in return for a $200 Visa gift card. The ""no questions asked"" program allows individuals to anonymously dispose of firearms without fear of charges for illegal possession when turning in the weapon at a designated drop-off location.Community EngagementPeace Walks with clergy and other community partners in neighborhoods most impacted by violence. These took place daily in August and September, and will be continuing once a week until ChristmasThis year, Commissioner Evans created a Social Justice Task Force, comprised of community leaders and advocates to advise him on ways to improve the department and strengthen community trust."
"BOSTON -Thursday, June 30, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today signed a $2.98 billion Fiscal Year 2017 (FY17) City Budget that achieves savings through smart, data-oriented management tackles structural challenges identified through operational reviews and planning and makes targeted investments ranging from access to quality early childhood education, to addressing chronic and veteran homelessness, to reducing Emergency Medical Services (EMS) response time. ""I am proud to sign a budget that makes Boston a safer, stronger and more compassionate city for many years to come,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Through better use of data and overtime reforms that save us money, we are able to make new investments in our schools, parks, libraries, homeless services, street safety, EMS capacity, 311 services, the arts, small business, firefighter safety and more. I thank Council President Wu, Councilor Ciommo and the entireCouncil for their partnership in our efforts.""""I commend my fellow City Councilors for their active participation and strong advocacy during this budget season. The budget proposed by Mayor Walsh and approved by the Council makes careful use of limited resources and invests in the many critical needs of our City,"" said City Council Ways and Means Committee Chairman Mark Ciommo.  Based on recommendations from operational reviews and a data-driven approach to managing government, the FY17 Budget includes several reforms, including:The much needed reform measures being implemented in FY17 make possible increased investments across City government. Mayor Walsh's FY17 Budget maintains high levels of funding in Boston Public Schools at $1.032 billion and public safety at $578 million and uses savings to make targeted investments in a thriving, health and innovative City. Through these investments the City will:In addition to taking immediate steps in FY17 to improve City operations and meet demands for programs and services, the Walsh Administration continues work to tackle long-standing challenges and future unknown cost drivers. The City is actively working to negotiate affordable collective bargaining agreements with almost all of its unions - salary increases in these agreements will have a direct impact on dollars available in FY17 and in the coming years. The Boston Public School's Long-Term Financial Planning Committee is working on a long-term plan for the District's solvency with recommendations that will address cost-drivers and revenue opportunities. Given stagnant state revenue, the City will expand its efforts and also focus on maximizing local receipt collection. Finally, the Walsh Administration will continue to advocate for reforms to charter school finance that protect Boston taxpayers while allowing for moderate growth in the charter school cap. The FY17 Budget builds on the Walsh Administration's record of fiscal responsibility, commitment to addressing its long-term liabilities and strong data-driven management. The City's success in these areas was validated in 2016 by the affirmation of Boston's triple A bond rating."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today released the following statement:  ""I am deeply concerned about these allegations. It is a great privilege to serve in City Hall and I will not allow anyone to squander that privilege. I expect everyone to perform at the highest ethical standards. There is no room in my Administration for the type of behavior that is alleged here.That is why I have called for an independent ethics training program for all of the City's department heads. And its why I have outside counsel looking into how these events have been managed. We need to ensure that the right practices are in place and the right safeguards.We are having a panel of experts review how things are done and help improve policies.I will not pre-judge anyone's guilt or innocence.Nor will I tolerate anything less than the highest ethical standards."" "
"BOSTON - Tuesday, June 28, 2016-Mayor Martin J. Walsh, together with Department of Neighborhood Development Director Sheila Dillon, Chief of Economic Development John Barros, City staff, members of Boston Main Streets and community members, today celebrated the Boston Main Streets volunteers and businesses of the year at the 20th annual Boston Main Streets awards ceremony.""Boston Main Streets has had tremendous success in helping to revitalize our community and highlight the role our small businesses play in our neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I want to congratulate all ofthis year's volunteers and businesses of the year, who represent some of the best and brightest leaders who have gone out of their way to help not only their organization thrive, but their entire commercial district and city thrive as well.""From among the hundreds of Main Streets volunteers who gave more than 26,000 hours of time in 2015, each district has chosen one volunteer to honor as ""Volunteer of the Year."" Since the start of the program in 1995, volunteers have contributed more than 375,000 hours of their time to Main Street efforts. This year's Volunteers of the Year are: In his remarks to awardees, Mayor Walsh referred to Boston's small businesses as ""economic engines for their district,"" providing products and services to the people who live and work in the neighborhoods. Each Main Streets district has chosen one business to honor as Business of the Year. In 2015,more than 2,100 businesses have received business assistance through their local Main Streets organizations, and Boston's Main Streets districts have boasted an average 95 percent occupancy rate for the last three years.This year's Businesses of the Year include:Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh launched the City of Boston's firstsmall business planto serve as a roadmap to guide the City's approach to supporting small businesses as they start and grow in Boston. The City of Boston has 40,000 small businesses that create 170,000 jobs and generate nearly $15 billion in annual revenue.About Boston Main StreetsDeveloped out of a partnership between the City of Boston and the National Trust for Historic Preservation, the Boston Main Streets initiative was created in 1995 as the first urban, multi-district Main Streets program in the nation, with the goal of establishing thriving commercial districts throughout the city. Boston Main Streets is a successful model for urban commercial district revitalization that strengthens local business districts through strong organizational development, community participation, resident and merchant education and sustainable development. Boston Main Streets continues to empower individuals in the small business sector to have a direct role in the economic health, physical appearance, and development of their own community."
Today, Polly Carpenter FAIA, architect and Director of Public Programs for the BSA Foundation, the sister organization of the Boston Society of Architects/AIA, provides an update on those workshops.In five Boston neighborhoods, families were recently asked (and began to answer) the question, what makes a good neighborhood? Using LEGO as a design tool, volunteer architects from the BSA Foundation led children ages 5 through 14 and their parents through a series of exercises to tease out residents ideas for how to create great places and spaces to live, work, and play. Beacon Yards, a former rail yard in Allston that the city is currently doing aplacemaking studyfor, was chosen as a location where a new neighborhood might take shape.Each workshop included a group discussion about collective aspirations for Boston in 2030, such as making it a welcoming place for people of all ages with a thriving and equitable economy. Challenges were also explored together. These included concerns about living with storm surges that will threaten the built environment, and managing a growing student population. During team breakouts, young designers assumed the role of future residents (e.g., an artist who tends a garden, a mail carrier who practices Tai Chi, a college president who loves to swim), and advocated on their behalf as the neighborhood was laid out. A variety of questions emerged throughout each session, such as exploring the best and highest land use scenarios (is it OK to sacrifice a little housing in exchange for a large community garden?) zoning (which building type belongs next to one another?) transit (is a bus line needed to connect people to trains?) and sustainability (what happens if the neighborhood is regularly under water in the next 50 years?).Throughout the series of workshops, participants offered a number of insightful observations, including:Although there were some significant differences in the neighborhoods designed by teams in different communities, common themes emerged. These included providing spaces that can be utilized by multiple generations, ensuring the availability of a variety of housing types with playful places for all ages, and planning for active open spaces and mixed-use buildings where people can walk to do all the things they need to do. The predominant theme involved the need to create a friendly community where people can get to know each other and look out for one another. And that certainly does sound like the best foundation for making a good neighborhood!LEGO City was created by the BSA Foundation in collaboration with the Imagine Boston 2030 team and was generously supported by Hanley Wood and the Boston Society of Architects/AIA. Approximately 150 people have participated to date.For more photos of the BSA LEGO City Workshops, check out ourFacebook album.All images courtesy of BSA Foundation
The Boston Parks and Recreation Department is proud to announce the 2016 ParkARTS Citywide Neighborhood Concert Series made possible by Berklee College of Music, The Friends of Ramler Park, and the Fenway Civic Association from July 12 to August 23 in parks citywide.The ParkARTS outdoor neighborhood summer concerts are presented free of charge in local City of Boston parks. The concert series begins at 7 p.m. on Tuesday, July 12, with Zili Misik at Adams Park, 4225 Washington Street, Roslindale, followed by Swingin in the Fens featuring Lisa Thorson at 6:30 p.m. on Wednesday, July 13, at Ramler Park, 130 Peterborough Street, Fenway (rain date July 18).The ParkARTS Citywide Neighborhood Concerts continue at 7 p.m. on Tuesday, July 19 with a Berklee College jazz performance featuring Chosen at Brighton Common, 30 Chestnut Hill Avenue, Brighton 7 p.m. on Wednesday, July 20, with Joshua Tree performing the music of U2 at Garvey Playground, 340 Neponset Avenue, Dorchester 7 p.m. on Wednesday, July 27, with Chris Mathison at the George Wright Golf Course Clubhouse patio, 420 West Street, Hyde Park 5 p.m. on Sunday, August 7, with Jazz at the Fort featuring Imagine Orchestra at Highland Park, 58 Beech Glen Street, Roxbury and 6 p.m. on Tuesday, August 23, with the U.S. Air Force Heritage of America Band Jazz Ensemble at Christopher Columbus Park, 110 Atlantic Avenue, North End.All ParkARTS neighborhood performances are free of charge. For more information or a full schedule of events, please call please call (617) 635-4505 or visit the Parks Department online at boston.gov/parksor on Facebook.
"BOSTON -Wednesday, June 29, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston's Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT), in partnership with the Boston Office of Emergency Management (OEM), has launched a ""situational awareness"" tool to coordinate operations and increase public safety measures during emergency and large-scale special events.""During any large event, safety is always our guiding priority,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By building our own situational awareness tool, the City of Boston is better equipped to ensure our residents' and visitors' safety, and I'm pleased that we will continue to refine our public safety tools.""This map-based tool is currently being used in the Emergency Operations Center and the public safety departments, allowing public safety officials to stay better informed about what's happening on the ground during an emergency or special event. The map allows officials to see the deployment status of police, fire and emergency medical services resources, access camera locations, see road closures and 911/311 requests.""This situational awareness tool will streamline our ability to manage special events, as well as any emergencies that happen in the City of Boston,"" said Rene Fielding, Director of the Office of Emergency Management. ""We have been implementing this system since last year, and we have continued to refine our requirements, and have taught other public safety agencies how to use the tool as well. The next phase of the project includes incorporating neighborhood emergency shelter locations with the ability to track capacity levels for those individuals displaced.""The situation awareness tool was built by the City geographic information system (GIS) team, part of the Department of Innovation and Technology, working in conjunction with the Office of Emergency Management.The first iteration of the system was launched in 2015 and was used during the 2015 St. Patrick's Day Parade. Since that time, the system has been modified to allow public safety agencies to tailor the information based on what metrics they wish to see displayed on their dashboard.""Over the last year, the City's GIS team has worked alongside our public safety agencies to develop and improve the situational awareness tool,"" said Jascha Franklin-Hodge, Boston's Chief Information Officer. ""By taking a partnership-driven, iterative approach to building this tool, we've created technology that is exactly matched to the City's public safety strategy forJuly 4thand other special events.""This month, the City of Boston's Office of Emergency Management received a ""Special Achievement in Geographic Information System (GIS)"" award from Esri, a worldwide organization that provides GIS technology software. Selected from over 300,000 eligible candidates, the City of Boston was one of 167 organizations that received an award for its innovative application of technology, data collection, geospatial information visualization and thought leadership through GIS."
BCYF Hyde Park Community Center will soon receive a brand new tot lot and playground next to the center thanks to KaBOOM and JetBlue along with support from the Foundation for BCYF and the BCYF Hyde Park Community Center council. While the old equipment in the Hank Fuoco Tot Lot has been cleared and the ground has been leveled, volunteers from Hyde Park (and anywhere else) are needed to help out with this exciting project on Build Day and Prep Days.Build Day will be on Thursday, July 21, from 7:45 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. at BCYF Hyde Park Community Center (The Muni), 1179 River Street, Hyde Park. Volunteers also needed for Prep Days on July 19 and 20.Volunteers should be age 18 and older and will assemble playground pieces, mix concrete, move mulch, and other tasks related to the project. Volunteers should wear comfortable clothes that might get dirty, wear closed toe shoes and leave valuables at home. Youth activities will be provided as well as gloves, goggles, breakfast, and lunch.For more information and to sign up to help out on any or all of the three days, please visit:https://www.tfaforms.com/424466
"The United States Conference of Mayors today unanimously passed a resolution submitted by Mayor Martin J. Walsh that supports Employers of National Service, an initiative that recognizes the unique skills and experience AmeriCorps and Peace Corps alumni bring to the workforce. The resolution encourages public and private sector employers to expand the job opportunities available to those who have served in a national service role.Announced by President Obama at the White House in September 2014 as part of the 20th anniversary of AmeriCorps,Employers of National Servicebuilds a talent pipeline which connects AmeriCorps and Peace Corps alumni with leading employers.""Boston has a long history of embracing the tremendous value of National Service. We know it plays a vital role in connecting passionate individuals with the skills to bring positive change to their communities,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We've seen the impact that our National Service members have had on our City, and we are thrilled to sign on as an Employer of National Service. Whether you helped start a library in Western Africa through the Peace Corps, spent time in a classroom with City Year, or served in one of thousands of AmeriCorps programs around the country, Boston wants you on our team. We challenge all cities to join as Employers of National Service and increase their capacity to take on the most important issues oftomorrow.""The resolution passed this morning at the organization's 84thannual meeting in Indianapolis. The effort recognizes national service programs, such as AmeriCorps and Peace Corps, as a talent pipeline for dedicated employees with experience in public service, and urges cities employees to become Employers of National Service.""Boston is a trailblazer when it comes to service, and today the city takes that commitment to the next level,"" said Wendy Spencer, CEO of the Corporation for National and Community Service. ""I commend Mayor Walsh for these bold new steps. Not only is Boston the silicon valley of service - the birthplace of innovative AmeriCorps programs like City Year, YouthBuild USA, Citizen Schools, and Jumpstart - but it has also been home to some of our most steadfast leaders in business and elected office. Mayor Walsh has continued this strong tradition, challenging his fellow mayors to match him in making their cities Employers of National Service.""""Alumni of our service corps are highly qualified leaders with experience addressing some of the most pressing challenges facing our nation and world today,"" Peace Corps Director Carrie Hessler-Radelet said. ""Returned Peace Corps volunteers have so much to contribute to the workplace and we're thrilled to see Mayor Walsh and the city of Boston recognize these valuable skills.""The City of Boston joins 13 other cities across the nation that have signed the resolution, including: Kansas City, Mo. Nashville, Tenn. Newton, Mass. New York City, N.Y. Philadelphia, Penn. South Sioux City, Neb. and Avondale, Flagstaff, Mesa, Phoenix, Tempe, and Tucson, Ariz.Since 1994, 980,000 Americans have given more than 1.3 billion hours of service to their country, earning more than $3 billion in education scholarships.The full resolution is included below:RESOLUTION SUPPORTING THE ADOPTION OF EMPLOYERS OF NATIONAL SERVICEWHEREAS,National service, including AmeriCorps and Peace Corps, grant individuals opportunity to gain experience in a variety of fields, including disaster services, economic opportunity and development, agriculture, education, environmental stewardship, health, youth development, and veterans affairs and,WHEREAS,National service develops essential skills, which make alumni strong leaders who are motivated, flexible, innovative, and outcome-oriented, who learn quickly, work well on diverse teams, and know how to mobilize others to tackle some of the most pressing challenges facing our nation and our world and, WHEREAS,National service makes AmeriCorps, Peace Corps, and other national service alumni high-quality employees for any organization and, WHEREAS,There are over 900,000 Americans who have participated in AmeriCorps since 1994 and over 215,000 who have participated in the Peace Corps since 1961 and, WHEREAS,on September 12, 2014, President Obama launched Employers of National Service and,WHEREAS,Employers of National Service is the name given to the initiative co-sponsored by the Corporation for National and Community Service, Peace Corps, AmeriCorps Alums, the National Peace Corps Association, and the Service Year Alliance, established to connect AmeriCorps, Peace Corps, and other national service alumni with employers from the private, public, and nonprofit sectors and, WHEREAS,Cities, in particular, stand to gain from an influx of motivated, passionate, dedicated civil servants, skilled and experienced in serving communities and,WHEREAS,12 cities have already joined on as Employers of National Service and recognize the benefit to their workforce, and 4 additional cities have just recently joinedNOW, THEREFORE BE IT RESOLVEDthat the United States Conference of Mayors urges all cities, townships, villages, etc. to become Employers of National Service."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today proposed an Office of Returning Citizens within the City of Boston to support the 3,000 individuals who return to Boston after being released from state, federal, and county facilities each year, as well as others who were previously incarcerated.""In order to create stronger, safer communities, we must work together to give all of our residents the opportunity to reach their full potential,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""By giving individuals a second chance to obtain affordable housing, steady jobs, and support with family and community reunification, we can improve our re-entry outcomes, stem some of the violence on our streets and create stronger and healthier neighborhoods. I thank Sheriff Tompkins for his partnership on this important initiative.""The proposal, part of the Mayor's Fiscal Year 2017 (FY17) Budget re-submission to the City Council, will repurpose savings to make a $300,000 investment to help individuals who have taken healthy steps and prepared themselves to move past the consequences of their past actions and coordinate the great work done by our social service and law enforce partners.This newly formed office will incorporate best practices from local, state and federal partners and include a review of similar offices in Washington DC and Philadelphia.""At the Sheriff's Department we consistently talk about the need for a continuum of care as folks cycle out of my facilities, and, from day one of his administration, Mayor Walsh has been a committed partner in working with us to achieve that objective,"" said Sheriff Tompkins. ""The creation of an office for reentry is exciting news and I applaud the Mayor's commitment to helping improve the lives of those in need.""According to The Boston Reentry Study from Harvard University, individuals reentering society need assistance accessing resources to help them find permanent housing and employment. The new Office of Returning Citizens aims to empower men and women reintegrating into their communities to reach full potential as individuals, family members and citizens of Boston.Mayor Walsh created the Office of Public Safety in 2014 with the mandate of establishing cross-agency and cabinet coordination to tackle the challenging and complex problems in our neighborhoods that lead to and perpetuate violence.Part of the work of the office has included looking at services and opportunities available for individuals that are returning home. The new office will help fill gaps that exist within local, state, federal and county efforts.Last year, the Mayor announced the expansion of Boston's successful reentry program, Operation Exit, to include opportunities in the technology industry through a partnership with Resilient Coders.Operation Exit was established by Mayor Walsh in 2014 to help at-risk residents, or those with a criminal background, by providing the knowledge and skills required for entry into an apprenticeship program. Through career readiness and occupational skills training, the intensive training program provides hands-on learning experiences with peer-to-peer mentorship to prepare participants for good careers.The City of Boston is also engaged in President Obama's national initiative, My Brother's Keeper, which seeks to actively engage the community to promote positive outcomes for all youth, especially Black and Latino boys and young men. In September 2014, Mayor Walsh established the MBK Boston Advisory Committee and in May 2015, released""Opportunity * Access * Equity: MBK Boston Recommendations for Action,""a collaborative action plan to increase pathways to opportunities."
As Mayor, I will continue to strongly support Boston Latin School's high standards of excellence and rigor, and the record of achievement that benefits the entire city. More importantly, I will never take steps that diminish that level of excellence, or put it at risk. I am committed to the goals of the BLS student, educator and alumni community, not only in maintaining the tradition of excellence, but also in ensuring the culture at BLS is one where every student feels safe from discrimination.
The Boston Parks and Recreation Departments annual ParkARTS program, sponsored by Holly and David Bruce, is pleased to announce the return of its series of childrens arts workshops giving kids the opportunity to express their creativity while working on fun projects with local artists. From East Boston to West Roxbury, children ages three to ten can enjoy painting, mask and jewelry making, treasure creations, and more at the Artists in Residence Workshops held from 9 a.m. to 12noonin parks across the city.Participation is free and all materials are provided, but young children must be accompanied by an adult. Groups of six or more must make prior arrangements by calling the Boston Parks Department at (617) 635-4505. Now in its 20thyear, ParkARTS brings a wide range of cultural offerings to city parks.In addition, the New England Aquarium will bring its traveling tide pool exhibit to six locations and the Marionette Puppet Show series will return in July and August at 11 a.m. at various childrens workshops. See Bostons parks come alive with these whimsical puppet shows that will delight the child in everyone. Experience the unique charm of Rosalitas Puppets featuring marionettes made by professional actor-puppeteer Charlotte Anne Dore.Children are able to cool off this summer at Splash Dance Parties in July and August at parks across Boston. Children can play in the parks water spray features, while listening to festive music, playing games, and trying tasty treats provided for all families to enjoy.Artists in Residence Workshops dates and locations are as follows:TuesdaysJuly 5, 12, 19Rogers Park Allston/BrightonTown Field, DorchesterJuly 26, August 2, 9Ringgold Park, South EndMartin Playground, DorchesterWednesdaysJuly 6, 13, 20Sweeney Playground, South BostonGertrude Howes Playground, RoxburyJuly 27, August 3, 10Iacono Playground, Hyde ParkMcKinney Playground, Allston/BrightonThursdaysJuly 7, 14, 21Doherty Playground, CharlestownHealy Playground, RoslindaleJuly 28, August 4, 11Ramsay Park, RoxburyChristopher Columbus Park, North EndFridaysJuly 8, 15, 22East Boston Memorial Park, East BostonMozart Street Playground, Jamaica PlainJuly 29, August 5, 12Almont Park, MattapanHynes Playground, West RoxburyThe New England Aquarium will be at the following locations at 10 a.m.:Tuesday, July 12 Town Field, DorchesterWednesday, July 20 Gertrude Howes Playground, RoxburyFriday, July 22  Mozart Street Playground, Jamaica PlainThursday, July 28 Ramsay Park, RoxburyTuesday, August 9 Martin Playground, DorchesterFriday, August 12 Almont Park, MattapanRosalitas Puppets Marionette Performances are at 11 a.m. Dates and locations are as follows:Wednesday, July 6 Gertrude Howes Playground, RoxburyThursday, July 14 Healy Playground, RoslindaleWednesday, July 20 Sweeney Playground, South BostonWednesday, August 3 Iacono Playground, Hyde ParkThursday, August 4 Ramsay Park, RoxburyThursday, August 11 Christopher Columbus Park, North EndSplash Dance Parties begin at 12 noon. Dates and locations are as follows:Friday, July 8 Mozart Street Playground, Jamaica PlainFriday, July 15  East Boston Memorial Park, East BostonThursday, July 21 Doherty Playground, CharlestownFriday, July 29  Hynes Playground, West RoxburyFriday, August 5 Almont Park, MattapanFor information on this and other ParkARTS programs, please call the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at (617) 635-4505, visitwww.facebook.com/bostonparksdepartmentorwww.cityofboston.gov/parksor follow @BostonParksDept.
"Building on his commitment to integrate arts and culture into every aspect of city life, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced thatapplications are now availablefor the second year of the Boston Artist-in-Residence (AIR) program. This year's program will expand the size of the artist cohort and increase the length of the residencies for the selected artists. In addition, this year's selected artists will work in collaboration with Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF), through their community centers andcitywide initiatives, such as the BCYF Streetworker Program, youth summer programs and leadership development for young women. The deadline to submit applications isSunday, July 24.""Arts are at the center of a city's purpose, and in Boston we are making a concerted effort to encourage the creative expressions of our artists, performers, designers, and students to continually renew and inspire us from within,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am excited to announce the second year of the Boston AIR program, which will support Boston artists and integrate artists into the development and implementation of the city's policies and practices."" The Boston AIR program invites artists to incorporate artistic practice into city departments and community work. Following the application process, 10 artists will be selected by an Artist Selection Committee to study and expand their own civic and social practice, alongside a parallel cohort from 10 BCYF community centers and other city employees. Both the artist and city cohorts will share examples of their work, attend master workshops and lectures by guest artists, and have opportunities to exchange ideas and co-design proposals. Each artist will be awarded a $22,500 stipend for a nine-month-long residency to develop and test creative approaches that can meaningfully impact the work of the public sector. Each artist will be paired with one of 10 designated BCYF community centers and provided a studio space at that center. An Artist Selection Committee, which will review Request for Qualification (RFQ) responses, will be comprised of representatives from the City of Boston, current Boston artists-in-residence, Boston Art Commission, and local arts professionals. The 10 selected artists will include a mix of artistic disciplines and experience.Artists working in all media are encouraged to apply however, seasoned artists with organizational experience and firsthand knowledge of cultures and communities in Boston are preferred. Last week, the city launchedBoston Creates, a 10-year cultural plan that will align public and private resources to strengthen the city's cultural vitality over the long-term. The Boston AIR initiative will help the city achieve one of the goals of the plan:integrating arts and culture into all aspects of civic life. Last fall, Mayor Walsh launched the city's first artist-in-residence program. Ten artists and 12 city departments participated in a series of workshops in collaboration with Massachusetts College of Art and Design over the course of the fall. From that cohort, three artists were selected to develop social practice residencies in coordination with the Boston Police Department, the Office of Recovery Services, Office of Women's Advancement, the Department of Neighborhood Development and the Parks & Recreation Department. The program is being supported by the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture, BCYF, and the Mayor's Office of New Urban Mechanics. To learn more about Boston AIR, please visithere. "
"BOSTON -Thursday, June 23, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced nominations are now open for SPARK Boston's 2016 Impact Awards. The annual Impact Awards shine a spotlight on young adults aged 20-34 doing outstanding work to improve the City of Boston. Applications are available online, and will remain open through the summer. ""As we prepare to welcome the Forbes Under 30 Summit and many of our nation's most influential young leaders, I am proud to showcase the incredible young people improving our neighborhoods and strengthening communities right here in Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""From dedicated public servants to community builders and social entrepreneurs, millennials are some of our most innovative and civic-minded residents.""""SPARK Boston is not just a program for millennial residents -- it's a program entirely driven by millennial residents,"" said SPARK Boston Council Member and Brighton resident, Fhiwa Ndou. ""The Impact Awards give young leaders a platform to speak directly to their peers. Their passion and dedication have a ripple effect as they inspire others to become more engaged citizens themselves. That kind of influence can have a tremendous impact, and that's the idea behind the SPARK Impact Awards."" This year's award categories reflect the diverse ways millennial residents act as leaders and changemakers in Boston:Nominees must be between the ages of 20-34 and live/work in Boston to be considered. A selection committee comprised of members of the SPARK Boston Council will review all nominations and select the top nominees in each category. A round of online voting will follow, and winners will be announced at the SPARK Impact Award ceremony in October.  To nominate a friend, colleague, neighbor or yourself, visithttp://www.sparkbos.com/impact-award-nomination.html. Boston is home to a large and diverse millennial population. SPARK Boston (formerly ONEin3) is a City of Boston initiative that aims to empower the millennial generation to play a greater role in planning for the future of our city.SPARK Boston focuses on engaging the next generation of civic leaders and social entrepreneurs in the work of city government. This will shape how the City designs and develops policies, convenes stakeholders for important initiatives and works collaboratively with young people to shape Boston's future.Learn more atwww.sparkbos.com."
"BOSTON -Thursday, June 23, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced a free immigration legal consultation event will be held onJuly 23, 2016at Madison Park High School in response to the U.S. Supreme Court's ruling to uphold the preliminary injunction that continues to prevent the implementation of the Deferred Action for Parents of Americans and Lawful Permanent Residents (DAPA) and the expanded Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) executive actions on immigration, announced in November 2014.""I am disappointed that the preliminary injunction preventing the implementation of the executive actions on immigration known as DAPA and expanded DACA remains in place,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Millions of families in the United States and thousands of Bostonians have been waiting too long for some form of immigration relief. My Office for Immigrant Advancement is working with community organizations to hold a clinic in July to educate affected individuals and to determine eligibility for other forms of immigration relief."" ""We are disappointed that the Supreme Court's ruling continues to prevent DAPA and expanded DACA from being implemented,"" said Alejandra St. Guillen, Director of the Mayor's Office for Immigrant Advancement. ""Through our DACA/DAPA Outreach and Education Initiative, we are coordinating with community partners to make sure that our residents are well-informed and to prevent immigration scams. We will continue to support those who are eligible for the original version of DACA announced in 2012 to submit their applications and renewals."" The free immigration legal consultation event will be held at Madison Park High School in Roxbury from10AM to 4PMonSaturday, July 23rd. Interested individuals should call(617) 635-0008for an appointment. Because the preliminary injunction remains in effect, applications for DAPA and expanded DACA are not available. However, applications and renewals for the original version of DACA, announced in 2012, continue to be available. Since DAPA and expanded DACA were announced, the City of Boston under Mayor Walsh's leadership has taken steps to offer information and resources to members of the immigrant community. In April, Mayor Walsh launched Immigrant Information Corners to provide information about resources and services available to help advance the well-being of the city's immigrant residents. The Immigrant Information Corners are located at the Boston Public Library's Central Library in Copley Square and 24 neighborhood branches. The launch of the Immigrant Information Corners is the result of a letter of agreement signed by Mayor Walsh and Leon Rodriguez, Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS), in June 2015 to promote citizenship in Boston by providing materials on the naturalization process, warning residents about scams, and highlighting the benefits and responsibilities of U.S. citizenship. In March 2016, Mayor Walsh joined 117 mayors, county executives, and local governments, as well as the U.S. Conference of Mayors and the National League of Cities in submitting an amicus brief to the U.S. Supreme Court in support of the executive actions on immigration in United States v. Texas, the lawsuit that led to the preliminary injunction preventing the implementation of expanded DACA and DAPA. "
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined members of the community to launch the City of Boston's first NeighborHUB at the Boston Centers for Youth and Families (BCYF) Tobin Community Center in Mission Hill. The NeighborHUB program is designed to meet the needs of residents and offer services to them in their neighborhoods, and will build on the success of the City Hall to Go Truck, creating physical, permanent sites for City Hall to Go in BCYF community centers. This program is an opportunity for residents to interact with City Hall outside of City Hall Plaza, and will extend local government centers throughout the City.""Easy, convenient access to City Hall services is a cornerstone of connecting with residents, and I'm pleased that through the City Hall to Go program we have been able to reach more residents than ever before and provide them with access to city services at different locations across the city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are excited to launch NeighborHUBs to build on the success of the program and offer even more access to the city's great resources and services to people in their own neighborhoods.""NeighborHUBs will serve as a ""one-stop shop"" for residents to take care of their City-related business and learn about new programs and services offered in their neighborhoods.NeighborHUBs are being launched in partnership with BCYF, which will provide the space needed through BCYF community centers, and the Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services, whose individual neighborhood liaisons will offer office hours where members of the community are welcome to stop in to find out more information about city services.""City Hall to Go is always looking for creative ways to engage with more residents and deliver the best customer service to them,"" said Ben Vainer, Director of City Hall to Go. ""NeighborHUBs is taking the array of services and resources available through City Hall to Go and bringing them directly to residents in their own neighborhood, with a permanent location in their local community center. We're excited to kick-off our first NeighborHUB at the BCYF Tobin Community Center and encourage everyone to use this great resource available to them.""The NeighborHUB at the Tobin Community Center will be open three days a week, on Mondays from2:00 - 8:00 p.m., Thursdays from7:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.and Saturdays from9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.Today's announcement is the first phase of a pilot program that by the end of the year will bring three NeighborHUBs to different neighborhoods across the city. The two other locations will be identified through community engagement, as well as an effort to geographically reach residents in different parts of the city, and will be announced in the coming months.The services provided expand upon those offered by the City Hall to Go truck, and include services such as:Since the City Hall to Go initiative was first launched in 2012, it has expanded its services and operations to build on its engagement with City residents. Most recently, City Hall to Go launched Kitchen Table Talks, an initiative designed to engage residents in discussions about City-related topics around a ""kitchen table"" setting, based off the premise that the best conversations happen around a kitchen table.In February, Mayor Walsh also announcedBoston 1ON1, a program that allows new Boston residents or a resident moving to a new neighborhood the opportunity to meet one on one in with a staff member of the Mayor's City Hall to Go team, to get setup in their new neighborhood. Appointments can be madehere.About City Hall to GoFor many residents, traveling downtown to City Hall can be a long way to go. Boston is, after all, a city that stretches across nearly 50 square miles. Many people need a personal interaction to get direct services, ask a question or get information, so Boston takes City Hall to them. Some services City Hall to Go offers include, applying for resident parking stickers, paying/appealing parking tickets, paying taxes, and more. You can find the complete list of services as well as the schedule of where City Hall to Go will be, athttp://www.cityofboston.gov/cityhalltogo/."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, June 22, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston's Home Center has been awarded a $158,475 grant from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts' Division of Bank. The grant is part of $1.3 million in statewide grants that will fund first-time homeownership counseling programs and foreclosure prevention education centers throughout the Commonwealth.The Boston Home Center (BHC), part of the City's Department of Neighborhood Development, helps Boston residents purchase, improve and keep their homes. BHC provides training and financial assistance to first-time home buyers, as well as guidance and funding for homeowners' house improvements and counseling to help families avoid foreclosures. The $158,475 grant will be applied to these programs.""I am proud of the progress we've made on preventing home foreclosures and this grant will help the Boston Home Center continue its efforts towards affordable homeownership for all,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This grant supports Boston's mission to provide foreclosure prevention and housing stability for families in all of our neighborhoods, and I thank the Commonwealth for their partnership in achieving these goals.""The Boston Home Center's foreclosure prevention and intervention services are key to providing Boston homeowners with the assistance needed create secure housing. The BHC addresses issues early in the legal process so homeowners are not petitioned and/or foreclosed upon. The BHC and its partners in the non-profit community were able to successfully prevent 51 foreclosures in the first quarter of 2016. Twenty-one of those prevented foreclosures were at the petition stage, the final step before foreclosure.The BHC will use these new funds to:The grant will also help fund partner non-profit agencies who provide regional foreclosure prevention counseling services, and help those agencies better market their prevention programs. Non-profit partners provide free confidential foreclosure counseling to Boston homeowners. The BHC is also expanding its services to include a Home Preservation component to better serve those who are struggling with balancing their finances, debt and expenses due to other economic conditions which might put their housing situation in jeopardy. Residents who reach out to the BHC will be provided services that include budgeting, expense reductions, benefit analysis and assistance in obtaining benefits or applying for other resources to help stabilize their expenses and housing costs."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, June 22, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined members of the community to launch the City of Boston's first NeighborHUB at the Boston Centers for Youth and Families (BCYF) Tobin Community Center in Mission Hill. The NeighborHUB program is designed to meet the needs of residents and offer services to them in their neighborhoods, and will build on the success of the City Hall to Go Truck, creating physical, permanent sites for City Hall to Go in BCYF community centers. This program is an opportunity for residents to interact with City Hall outside of City Hall Plaza, and will extend local government centers throughout the City.""Easy, convenient access to City Hall services is a cornerstone of connecting with residents, and I'm pleased that through the City Hall to Go program we have been able to reach more residents than ever before and provide them with access to city services at different locations across the city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are excited to launch NeighborHUBs to build on the success of the program and offer even more access to the city's great resources and services to people in their own neighborhoods.""NeighborHUBs will serve as a ""one-stop shop"" for residents to take care of their City-related business and learn about new programs and services offered in their neighborhoods.NeighborHUBs are being launched in partnership with BCYF, which will provide the space needed through BCYF community centers, and the Mayor's Office of Neighborhood Services, whose individual neighborhood liaisons will offer office hours where members of the community are welcome to stop in to find out more information about city services.""City Hall to Go is always looking for creative ways to engage with more residents and deliver the best customer service to them,"" said Ben Vainer, Director of City Hall to Go. ""NeighborHUBs is taking the array of services and resources available through City Hall to Go and bringing them directly to residents in their own neighborhood, with a permanent location in their local community center. We're excited to kick-off our first NeighborHUB at the BCYF Tobin Community Center and encourage everyone to use this great resource available to them.""The NeighborHUB at the Tobin Community Center will be open three days a week, on Mondays from2:00 - 8:00 p.m., Thursdays from7:00 a.m. - 1:00 p.m.and Saturdays from9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.Today's announcement is the first phase of a pilot program that by the end of the year will bring three NeighborHUBs to different neighborhoods across the city. The two other locations will be identified through community engagement, as well as an effort to geographically reach residents in different parts of the city, and will be announced in the coming months.The services provided expand upon those offered by the City Hall to Go truck, and include services such as:Since the City Hall to Go initiative was first launched in 2012, it has expanded its services and operations to build on its engagement with City residents. Most recently, City Hall to Go launched Kitchen Table Talks, an initiative designed to engage residents in discussions about City-related topics around a ""kitchen table"" setting, based off the premise that the best conversations happen around a kitchen table.In February, Mayor Walsh also announcedBoston 1ON1, a program that allows new Boston residents or a resident moving to a new neighborhood the opportunity to meet one on one in with a staff member of the Mayor's City Hall to Go team, to get setup in their new neighborhood. Appointments can be madehere.About City Hall to GoFor many residents, traveling downtown to City Hall can be a long way to go. Boston is, after all, a city that stretches across nearly 50 square miles. Many people need a personal interaction to get direct services, ask a question or get information, so Boston takes City Hall to them. Some services City Hall to Go offers include, applying for resident parking stickers, paying/appealing parking tickets, paying taxes, and more. You can find the complete list of services as well as the schedule of where City Hall to Go will be, athttp://www.cityofboston.gov/cityhalltogo/."
"BOSTON -Wednesday, June 22, 2016- Today, Mayor Martin J. Walsh joined representatives from Boston's utility companies and other city officials to present local design and development firm Urbanica with a green building award and a $10,000 prize for the company's successful creation of Boston's best performing energy positive homes. The three-bedroom townhomes at the corner of Highland and Marcella Streets in Roxbury produce more energy than they consume in a year, and they are certified as LEED Platinum, the US Green Building Council's highest marker for sustainable design. All of the homes are energy efficient withhighly insulated air-tight walls and windows, LED lights, solar panels and water efficient plumbing. The design features which include energy recovery ventilation ensures access to fresh air while allowing the homes to keep a consistent temperature throughout the year with minimal heating in the winter or cooling in the summer months. ""These homes embody the kind of neighborhood based innovation that helps make Boston a world leader on climate change issues,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I want to congratulate Urbanica on receiving this special award, and I thank all of the partners who have helped to make Boston's E+ Green Building Program successful."" Since construction was completed in 2013, the City has been working with a local company to monitor the performance of the units. Over the past year, the four townhomes, which are each 1,970 square feet, collectively had a net electricity production of approximately 12,600 kilowatt hours. Together they create enough surplus energy annually to power a typical three-bedroom home. The homes on Highland Street demonstrate the ability to deliver deep green energy positive living at a dense urban scale. For its part, Urbanica will donate the $10,000 prize to the Hawthorne Youth and Community Center, a beloved non-profit that serves Roxbury's Highland Park neighborhood with educational, cultural, and recreational programming for youth and adults. The center is in the midst of an expansion project that includes a deep energy retrofit. During the event, Mayor Walsh announced anew request for proposals (RFP)for the next phase of Boston's Energy Positive (E+) Green Building Program. The city is seeking a development partner to create four additional E+ housing units on a vacant city-owned parcel in the Talbot Norfolk Triangle neighborhood of Dorchester. Responses to the RFP are due onSeptember 19, 2016. The E+ Green Building Program is managed jointly by the Boston Redevelopment Authority, the Department of Neighborhood Development, and the Environment Department. The program's sponsors include Eversource and National Grid, which funded today's prize, as well as the US Green Building Council (USGBC), the Massachusetts USGBC Chapter, and the Boston Society of Architects/AIA. Embue, a Boston-based company that develops hardware, software, and services for energy monitoring, received a grant from the Massachusetts Clean Energy Center to track the performance of the E+ homes on Highland Street."
"BOSTON - Tuesday, June 21, 2016 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Jim Reed, the New England Regional Administrator for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD), federal, city and state officials and representatives of St. Mary's Center for Women and Children at the ribbon cutting ceremony for the new Mass Maternity First Home program. This new program, housed at St. Mary's Center, will provide supportive housing in a newly-renovated former clinic building on the St. Mary's campus in Dorchester. The new program and its supportive housing will provide opportunities for young homeless families, helping them prepare for fully-integrated independent living.""The families and children who will find a new start here at St. Mary's Center are part of the future of our city, and we owe it to them to help them succeed,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The First Home program is an example of how Boston's public and private sector come together to support communities in need. We are grateful to have partnerships with individuals and organizations that are dedicated to helping us put an end to chronic homelessness in Boston. I congratulate St. Mary's Center on this major milestone in the revitalization of the former St. Margaret's Hospital campus, and I welcome their commitment to helping families and their community.""In April, Mayor Walsh announced an additional $1.3 million investment for homelessness services in Boston to further the goals of the City's Action Plan to End Veteran and Chronic Homelessness in Boston. In addition, the Mayor's FY17 budget also includes an increase of $2 million in federal funds to provide low-barrier permanent supportive housing for the homeless. Together, these allocations further the goals of the Mayor's Action Plan and help provide a safety net for some of Boston's most vulnerable residents. Homeless provider partners like St. Mary's Center for Women and Children are integral in helping the City meet its aggressive goals.The new Mass Maternity First Home program is the fourth residential program on the agency's Dorchester campus, and St. Mary's eighth program overall. This new supportive housing program, which has welcomed four families to date, can serve up to 12 young homeless families at any one time, providing them with the tools, developmental experience and learning opportunities they need to thrive and succeed. The new program and redevelopment of the former clinic was made possible in part through private support of more than $3 million from the Massachusetts Maternity and Foundling Hospital Corporation and $1 million in support from the City of Boston's Department of Neighborhood Development. Residents also have received project-based Massachusetts rental vouchers from the Commonwealth's Department of Housing and Community Development.""This is a new model for supportive, transitional housing. Because of the generosity of the Board of the Massachusetts Maternity and Foundling Hospital Corporation and the City of Boston, the dream of providing young homeless families with supportive housing is a reality,"" said Deirdre Houtmeyers, President of St. Mary's Center. ""The Mass Maternity's First Home program's vision is to meet a critical and previously unmet need in our community and enable collaboration from government agencies to achieve our goal of partnering with young families on their path to self-sufficiency.""The program offers a multi-disciplinary approach, including social workers, a nurse and case managers. Working with the family as a team, they will help identify and bridge serious gaps in skills, address emotional and social challenges, and overcome barriers to employment and increased financial independence.Massachusetts Maternity and Foundling Hospital made a substantial gift to provide long-term supportive, transitional housing to young families. In honor of the Foundation, the new program receives its name, Mass Maternity First Home. In the past, the foundation has supported programs that provide housing and services to teen mothers and their children, including nearly $300,000 in past support to the Center's St. Mary's Home, a program for pregnant and parenting teens.The new program's building is located at 84 Cushing Avenue in Dorchester. The renovation is of the former clinic which was built in the early 1900's as part of St. Margaret's Hospital, which eventually gave the property to St. Mary's Center in 1993. Mayor Walsh and the late Senator Edward M. Kennedy were both born at St. Margaret's Hospital.St. Mary's Center currently operates four residential shelter programs, including three located on its Dorchester campus as follows: Bridge Home, a stabilization program for 12 children ages 0-12 who have been removed from their home due to abuse, trauma and neglect St. Mary's Home, a 17-room shelter for pregnant and parenting teens and their children and Margaret's House, a 36-room program for moms and their children. St. Mary's Center also runs Crossroads, a 15-unit, family shelter in East Boston. St. Mary's Center also has Women's Learning Center and Women@Work Plus, education and employment programs respectively, and is the home to GRLZradio.org, a 24/7 web-based radio station and after-school and employment program.All for the 12 new units are offered as affordable housing and the redevelopment contains three single-bedrooms and nine two-bedroom units, including one fully accessible and one sensory-impaired unit. All units have private bathrooms and kitchens and are gas heated by new, high-efficiency boilers.About St. Mary's Center for Women and ChildrenSt. Mary's Center for Women and Children offers innovative, family-centered programs for women and children who have experienced trauma and are living in poverty. Placing families at the center of its efforts, St. Mary's Center works in partnership with young women, many of them mothers, to break the intergenerational cycle of poverty and achieve lasting, powerful change by improving their emotional well-being, educational opportunities, and economic independence.Located in Uphams Corner in Dorchester, Massachusetts, St. Mary's Center supports more than 600 women and children annually with shelter, clinical and educational services, job training, employment placement, and the search for affordable permanent housing."
"BOSTON -Monday, June 20, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launched an archaeological survey that will begin within the Washington Garden at Boston's Old North Church. The dig will be led by the City of Boston's Archaeology Programand City Archaeologist Joseph Bagley. The survey is organized by the City of Boston, with the cooperation of the Old North Church Foundation. The survey is located at 193 Salem Street, and will runMonday, June 20 - Friday, July 1.The two-week survey will explore the buildings' backyards and privies, or outhouses, which are often a hotbed for historical artifacts. Visitors are welcome at the dig site and will be able to observe work on the site from the nearby Washington Court. Live updates will be posted on the City of Boston Archaeology Program'sFacebook,Twitter, andInstagramaccounts.""This is a wonderful opportunity for us to celebrate and explore the daily lives of the many immigrant peoples that lived in these apartments,"" said City Archaeologist Joseph Bagley. ""Until the 1930s, the garden was the location of three brick apartment buildings built in the 1830s, so this survey will give us a glimpse into over a hundred years of Boston's history.""""Old North looks forward to working closely with City Archaeologist Joe Bagley as we plan for a major restoration of the church and campus in time for our 300th birthday in 2023,"" said Rev. Stephen Ayres, Executive Director and Vicar of Old North Church.The Old North Foundation and the Beacon Hill Garden Club will reconfigure the garden into an outdoor classroom featuring 18th century plantings and a large glass-and-water feature etched with Longfellow's poem: ""Paul Revere's Ride."" Future work on the Longfellow Garden is supported by the Old North Church Foundation, the Beacon Hill Garden Club and theEdward Ingersoll Browne Fund of the City of Boston.Bagley and his team conducted an archaeological survey in 2013 behind the 1715 Clough House at 21 Unity Street, also owned by Old North Church. On this previous Old North Church survey, they found more than 40,000 artifacts dating back 300 years."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today launched the Boston Creates cultural plan: a ten-year initiative led by The City of Boston that will align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long-term, and weave arts and culture into the fabric of everyday life. The plan identifies five strategic goals and calls for a cultural shift in the way City government and the private sector approaches and prioritizes arts and culture. This approach will include leveraging current and future municipal investments, creating new partnerships, breaking down barriers that hinder participation in the arts, creating infrastructure that supports artists, and aligning resources towards the goal of making Boston a municipal arts leader. Critical to achieving the vision of the plan is ensuring its long-term viability. This will include leadership and financial commitments from the City as well as the cultural, corporate and philanthropic sectors. In addition, the Mayor, as always, remains committed to strengthening existing and identifying new, sustainable sources of public revenue.  ""We are already making substantial investments and policy changes that will have significant impacts across the city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""To fully achieve the goals of this plan will take time, ingenuity and collaboration, with City government, philanthropy, business and civic leaders, and the arts and culture community all working together to make the case for sustainable investment in the arts in Boston."" The City is working to create additional funding sources for the arts, including the announcement of a municipal Percent for Art programwhich will leverage the City's Five Year Capital Plan to invest in public art as part of major city construction and infrastructure projects. Through the capital plan, the Percent for Art Program would devote funding to public art equal to approximately 1% of the City's anticipated annual general borrowing. Separately, the Department of Public Works has made a commitment to budget $100,000 for permanent public art as part of a road improvement project in Hyde Square.  As affordable housing for artists continues to be a challenge, today the Boston Housing Authority announced it will begin to set asidelow-income housing for artists in redevelopments. As part of the redevelopment of the Bunker Hill public housing development into a new mixed-income community in Charlestown, the Boston Housing Authority and its developer partner Corcoran-SunCal will set aside 10 units of low-income housing, available to income-eligible artists. Simultaneously, new guidelines will be created for the City of Boston Artist Certification Program. The BHA and the developer have also pledged to set aside money for public art in the project, with the details to be announced in the coming months. ""It's no secret that high housing costs make it challenging for artists to live in Boston and we're committed to working with Mayor Walsh to find innovative solutions to this problem,"" saidBill McGonagle, BHA Administrator. ""Setting aside units at the Bunker Hill public housing development and including money for public art in the budget are the first steps in helping Boston Creates reach its goal of making art accessible to all and keeping artists in Boston. We're proud to do our part."" Ensuring arts and culture will reach across geographic and cultural borders, Imagine Boston 2030, the city's first comprehensive planning process in 50 years, will include a commitment to catalyze three neighborhood Arts Innovation Districts. Immediately, working with the Metropolitan Area Planning Council, the City will study ways to strengthen Upham's Corner as a cultural hub, building upon the City's investment in the Strand Theatre and integrating local businesses and arts into the economy. Two more locations will be identified through Imagine Boston 2030's public engagement process over the summer and into the fall. To ensure sustained momentum over the long-term, implementation of the plan will require collaboration and leadership from the community. The Boston Foundation today announced the ""Catalyze Creativity"" Pooled Fund for Dance and Theater to provide critically needed, flexible support to small entities and artists working within the least institutionally-supported disciplines in the performing arts in Greater Boston - dance and theater, broadly defined. TBF will provide $500,000 per year for three years to pilot and establish this new mechanism of support within Greater Boston's arts ecology. The Barr Foundation will contribute $250,000 in the first year of the Fund. During the community engagement phase of the process and in the final Boston Creates town hall, Bostonians across geographic locations and diverse communities expressed a desire to see greater cultural equity and access to the arts in their city. To meet this demand, The Boston Foundation has committed to launching a cultural equity study later in the year, exploring how cultural equity and access to the arts can be enhanced across the city. They will also devote funding to an artist housing strategy, which will identify how the region can create sufficient supplies of affordable residential, live/work and work studios to address the needs of artists. ""The Boston Foundation is proud to provide significant funding to small organizations, collaborations, and artists historically deprived of institutional capital in Boston,"" said Paul S. Grogan, President and CEO of the Boston Foundation. ""The process of Boston Creates, so ably supported by the Barr Foundation and The Klarman Family Foundation, has demonstrated a shared commitment to meaningful change to our city's approach to supporting the arts.Mayor Walsh has elevated this urgent and timely conversation, and we must further come together as a community to provide the leadership and resources to bring our shared expectations to fruition and make Boston the preeminent arts city in America."" Showcasing the types of partnerships it will seek to catalyze, the City announced Emerson College and the Mayor's Office of Workforce Development will partner to commission a feasibility study to look at designing and implementing a Creative Industries workforce program. It is expected that such a partnership would also utilize the area's community colleges to identify Bostonians who would be trained for jobs in the city's arts and culture institutions and industries. In another new partnership, the Museum of Fine Arts Boston will advise the City of Boston on conservation of the City of Boston's art collection, sharing its expertise and best practices on care and preservation, as well as evaluating the current state of the collection. The City looks forward to leveraging the very specific expertise at the MFA in an effort to protect and preserve artwork owned by the City. In addition, the City and the MFA will work collaboratively to site sculpture from the MFA's collection on parkland contiguous to the museum's Huntington Ave. location. Additionally, The Alternatives Spaces Pilot Project will use underutilized private space as rehearsal space for arts organizations. Beginning with space commitments from Massachusetts Eye & Ear, AT&T's flagship store on Boylston Street and the Plumbers Local 12 Union Hall, the Mayor's Office of Arts and Culture will help these entities write and distribute an RFP for use of their spaces for rehearsals on a regular basis, for a minimum of one-year commitment. The program will expand as other companies and organizations with available space step forward.  ""We are particularly excited about this innovative, low-cost program,"" said Joyce Linehan, Chief of Policy for the City of Boston. ""It not only answers a need for rehearsal space that we heard loud and clear, but it also serves as an avenue for arts organizations to forge new cross-sectorial relationships with companies and institutions."" At the forefront of a cultural shift is creating the infrastructure that ensures artists can thrive in Boston. Guidelines for two new grant programs are forthcoming. The first is the Boston Opportunity Fund for Artists, a rolling grant program designed to help artists take advantage of immediate opportunities to showcase their work. $10,000 will be available monthly for distribution to artists, in amounts of $500 and $1,000. Later this year, the City will launch a highly competitive artist fellowship program. The City of Boston continues its second round of the innovative Boston AIR in which artists are in-residence in City agencies. ""Keeping artists in Boston and creating a fertile environment where they can work is a key goal of the cultural plan,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""From the establishment of an Artist Resource Desk to a significant increase in grant funding and creating ways to help artists take advantage of these grants, we are working to find ways to help Boston artists - veteran and new - showcase their work and thrive here.""  About the Boston Creates Cultural PlanThe cultural plan was created out of a year-long community engagement effort designed to help local government identify cultural needs, opportunities, and resources and to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality over the long term. The Boston Creates process was funded by The Barr Foundation and The Klarman Family Foundation. The full cultural plan can be found online athttp://plan.bostoncreates.org. You can findalist of initiatives tied to today's launch of the cultural plan. These are designed to start Boston on the path to achieving the goals outline in the cultural plan. Additional initiatives will be added in the coming months. "
"BOSTON -Thursday, June 16, 2016- The City of Boston's Commission on Affairs of the Elderly today released data from its Age-Friendly Boston Initiative.The Age-Friendly Boston project challenges the city's public agencies, community groups, businesses, cultural, educational and religious institutions to consider how changes to policy and practice can enhance the quality of life for Boston's aging residents. The report focuses on Boston residents' feedback on growing older in Boston.Mayor Martin J. Walsh was the first mayor in Massachusetts to adopt the age-friendly framework.""This data is another step forward in our goal to make Boston a welcoming city for all, including our older residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I look forward towards achieving our goal to make Boston the most age-friendly city in America.""In response to the 2014Aging in Bostonreport indicating an approximate 52% increase of the older population in Boston by 2030, Mayor Walsh signed onto the World Health Organization's (WHO) network of Age-Friendly Cities, through their United States partner AARP, and launched the Age-Friendly Boston Initiative. Under Mayor Walsh's leadership, the Elderly Commission formed a partnership with UMass Boston Gerontology Institute, supported by a grant from the Tufts Health Plan Foundation, to conduct research based on the guidelines set forth by the WHO. In the first phase of the initiative, it focused on gathering input directly from older residents about the strengths and weaknesses of growing older in Boston. Key highlights from the data report include:The methods for collecting the data included:Once the data is released, the next steps include appointing an advisory council and drafting an action plan.Projects currently in the planning and implementation process are an Age-Friendly walking project with Walk Boston, a partnership with the Boston Parks and Recreation Department involving seniors' input in new park designs, a partnership with Tufts Human Nutrition Research on Aging Center to educate seniors on the new Senior MyPlate and seasonal cooking and walking event, and a partnership with Design for Aging (a subcommittee of the Boston Society of Architects) to utilize their expertise on city planning projects and the Walk Boston project.As part of Mayor Walsh's ambitiousBoston 2030 Housing Plan, the City of Boston is working to address the number of low-income senior households living in Boston who wish to remain in their existing housing as long as they are financially and physically able. Since 2014, almost 600 senior households have been able to retain their housing with City assistance. 325 low-income senior renters were able to retain their housing through homelessness prevention programs, and 260 senior homeowners were stabilized in their housing through major home repair programs and foreclosure prevention services.Four new elderly affordable housing developments were completed in 2015, adding 192 units. In addition, the City now has three affordable senior developments in the pipeline, and has renewed its commitment to affordable senior housing, adding a new $1.75 million budget line item in FY16.Mayor Walsh also launched Seniors Save, a proactive heating system replacement program for senior citizen homeowners in Boston. Aging and inefficient heating systems are replaced before a catastrophic failure results in no heat for a senior. New, more energy efficient heating systems result in both capital and fuel savings for the senior homeowner, which can be used to stabilize the senior homeowner's budget for items such as food and medicine.TheAge-Friendly Boston Initiativereport is available in full on Age-Friendly Boston's blog:https://agefriendlyboston.files.wordpress.com/2016/06/afb-report_6-15.pdfAbout Age-Friendly SocietiesThe guiding principle of an Age-Friendly society focuses on designing livable communities that promote good health, strong civic participation and clear communication. That means safe, walkable streets offering better housing and transportation options improving access to key services and providing opportunities to be socially engaged. It means sustaining economic growth and enabling happier, healthier residents."
Our New Balance Hubway expansion is taking us on a cruise across the harbor. By early fall, we expect to add 10 new stations in East Boston.To plan how Hubway can best serve East Boston, well follow a similar processasour expansion planning in Roxbury and northern Dorchester last month.1. Well hold acommunity workshop on June30th from 6:30-8:00 pm at the East Boston Public Library, 365 Bremen Street,to talk about what makes a good location for a Hubway station. You and other community members will work together to select and prioritize general locations for new stations in East Boston.Well use the feedback from this workshop to develop several specific, viable site options for each general location.2. Once we have a list of specific locations, youll have three ways to tell us which ones you like the best.Once we have your feedback, we can get the stations on the ground. Get ready to #takehubway in East Boston! Learn more about how to sign up at thehubway.com, and remember low-income residents of Boston are eligible for $5 Hubwaymemberships.
In total, the team collected more than 7,000 comment cards, responding to questions related to the four goals detailed in our reportGuiding Growth: Towards an Inclusive City.So what did we hear?We asked residents what they would add or change to make their neighborhood an even better place to live.The top response was housing affordable for different income levels. Some people went a step further in sharing their vision for housing, including a Hyde Park resident who proposed multi-income developments which diversify the housing demographics. Better transit and streets that are more pleasant for walking and biking were also key priorities. Madeleine from East Boston advocated for Support for small businesses, schools and afterschool programs, while Destiny from Mattapan suggested More community events so everyone knows everyone.We also asked Bostonians what would help improve access to good jobs.Many residents advocated for more jobs in neighborhoods and better access to jobs via public transit. We also heard a lot about the importance of education, including quality public schools, affordable higher education, and relevant job training for non-college grads, as Mark from South Boston suggested.We also wanted to hear from residents about what kinds ofopen space improvementswould make the most impact on their daily lives. We heard a number of ideas, many of which involved programming and activating existing parks and adding more street trees and pocket parks throughout the city. As Aaron from Jamaica Plain noted, I think we have plenty of open space. We just need to activate it! If you didnt get the opportunity to meet with our Street Team during their first wave of outreach, theres still time to contribute to Bostons first citywide plan in 50 years.Share your ideasand connect with us onTwitter,FacebookandInstagramusing #ImagineBoston. You can also sign up for Imagine Bostonupdates.
The Adidas Boost Boston Games will take place on Saturday, June 18, on Charles Street in Boston, between the Boston Public Garden and the Boston Common.The following streetswill be closed to traffic from 8 PM on Friday through 11:45 PM on Saturday.No Stopping Boston Police Special Event Friday 6 PM to Saturday 11:59 PM temporary parking restrictions will be implemented as follows.Other upcoming events that will impact traffic parking in Boston this include the following.Those attending the festivities are encouraged not to drive their personal vehicles. Information on Hubway, the regional bike-share service, may be found on their websiteand information on the MBTA may be found online. For a faster return trip, the MBTA advises riders to purchase a round-trip rather than a one-way ticket.The Boston Transportation Department reminds drivers, cyclists and pedestrians to please follow the rules of the road and to share Bostons local streets safely and considerately.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston is now accepting applications for the Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities. The commission is made up of nine members who work to help the City of Boston meet the needs of persons with disabilities who live, work and visit Boston. The Commission informs and advises the City on policies and procedures affecting the disability community.In addition, the Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities will hold a public forum tomorrow, Wednesday, June 15 from 2:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. in Boston City Hall, Room 900 to give residents the opportunity to discuss accessibility concerns with City of Boston officials.""As Mayor of the City of Boston, I represent all our residents, and ensuring the voice of our disability community is heard is a priority for me,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am looking forward to working with the Commission on new ideas that will make the City of Boston more accessible and welcoming to all.""The City is currently seeking applications from people with disabilities who reflect the diverse needs of Boston's neighborhoods and communities. Members will be appointed by the Mayor and serve in a volunteer capacity for a term of three years. Applicants must meet the following requirements:Letters of interest are due by July 31, 2016, and should be sent to the attention of: Commissioner Kristen McCosh, Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities atdisability@boston.govor by postal mail. Applicants may include a resume if possible. For questions and information, contact the Commission by phone at 617-635-3682 (617-635-2541 TTY), email atdisability@boston.gov, or visitwww.boston.gov/disability/commission.asp. "
"BOSTON - Tuesday, June 14, 2016 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston is now accepting applications for the Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities. The commission is made up of nine members who work to help the City of Boston meet the needs of persons with disabilities who live, work and visit Boston. The Commission informs and advises the City on policies and procedures affecting the disability community.In addition, the Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities will hold a public forum tomorrow, Wednesday, June 15 from 2:00 p.m. - 4:00 p.m. in Boston City Hall, Room 900 to give residents the opportunity to discuss accessibility concerns with City of Boston officials.""As Mayor of the City of Boston, I represent all our residents, and ensuring the voice of our disability community is heard is a priority for me,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am looking forward to working with the Commission on new ideas that will make the City of Boston more accessible and welcoming to all.""The City is currently seeking applications from people with disabilities who reflect the diverse needs of Boston's neighborhoods and communities. Members will be appointed by the Mayor and serve in a volunteer capacity for a term of three years. Applicants must meet the following requirements:Letters of interest are due by July 31, 2016, and should be sent to the attention of: Commissioner Kristen McCosh, Mayor's Commission for Persons with Disabilities atdisability@boston.govor by postal mail. Applicants may include a resume if possible. For questions and information, contact the Commission by phone at 617-635-3682 (617-635-2541 TTY), email atdisability@boston.gov, or visitthe website. "
"BOSTON --Tuesday, June 14, 2016-- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the completion of the first major milestone of Climate Ready Boston by releasing updated climate projections for the City of Boston. Climate Ready Boston will use these projections to identify critical resiliency focus areas and develop cost-effective and socially conscious policies and projects to make Boston more resilient to the effects of climate change, including higher sea levels, more intense precipitation and more frequent heat waves.""We're taking climate change seriously because we take the health and resilience of our City seriously,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm proud of the bold approach we're taking to prepare Boston for the impacts of climate change and am eager to tackle the next steps.""The next milestones for Climate Ready Boston include a city-wide climate vulnerability assessment and a climate resiliency roadmap that are expected to be complete by the end of the summer.The updated climate projections were developed by a team of climate scientists from across the state led by UMass Boston. The team reviewed existing reports to recommend the most reliable and up to date information for the City. The findings confirm the seriousness of the changes that Boston will face. They also emphasize that the magnitude of the changes in the second half of the century depend greatly on our success in reducing our greenhouse gas emissions now.""These projections show two things clearly: first, we have to prepare for change and second, if - along with the rest of the world - we can reduce our carbon emissions, we can prevent even more extreme changes from impacting our City,"" said Carl Spector, Commissioner of the Environment. ""We have to work as a community to reduce our carbon emissions by changing the source of energy we use and the ways we work, study and travel.""For more on Climate Ready Boston, visit the new website for the initiative.Climate Ready Boston will provide recommendations about how Boston's neighborhoods and infrastructure can respond to climate change and become more resilient. Findings will be incorporated into Imagine Boston 2030, as well as Go Boston 2030 led by the Boston Transportation Department, and resiliency planning led by the City's Chief Resilience Officer.The initiative is led by the City of Boston in partnership with the Green Ribbon Commission and with support from the Massachusetts Office of Coastal Zone Management. The project team includes HR&A Advisors, University of Massachusetts Boston, Arcadis and Sasaki Associates.Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space Austin Blackmon and Environment Commissioner Carl Spector joined city and state leaders this week in the Netherlands for the Green Ribbon Commission's Climate Innovations Study Tour. The purpose of the tour, which will also include stops in Denmark and Sweden, is to gain knowledge of cutting-edge European practices for achieving city carbon neutrality and long-term climate preparedness to advance the City and Commonwealth's climate strategies. This study tour will create opportunities for the Boston participants to interact with their European counterparts who will share the ""inside story"" of what it takes to achieve this level of change. For more information on the tour and a list of participants, visit their site.""Assuring Boston's long-term resilience to climate change will require unprecedented public-private collaboration,"" said John Cleveland, Executive Director of the Green Ribbon Commission. ""It is critical that we are all working from the same science-based projections as we do this work. The Climate Ready Boston projections establish a foundation for this cross-sector collaboration, and are further indication of Boston's pace-setting leadership in the national quest for climate change solutions.""Boston has long been a leader on climate action, starting with the 2007 Executive Order on Climate Action, which set the charge to include climate projections in city planning. The first Climate Ready Boston project in 2013 focused on municipal vulnerabilities. This current initiative is a next step to expand the focus to the entire Boston community and looks comprehensively at the city's infrastructure, built environment, natural environmental and neighborhoods."
"BOSTON --Tuesday, June 14, 2016-- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the completion of the first major milestone of Climate Ready Boston by releasing updated climate projections for the City of Boston. Climate Ready Boston will use these projections to identify critical resiliency focus areas and develop cost-effective and socially conscious policies and projects to make Boston more resilient to the effects of climate change, including higher sea levels, more intense precipitation and more frequent heat waves.""We're taking climate change seriously because we take the health and resilience of our City seriously,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I'm proud of the bold approach we're taking to prepare Boston for the impacts of climate change and am eager to tackle the next steps.""The next milestones for Climate Ready Boston include a city-wide climate vulnerability assessment and a climate resiliency roadmap that are expected to be complete by the end of the summer.The updated climate projections were developed by a team of climate scientists from across the state led by UMass Boston. The team reviewed existing reports to recommend the most reliable and up to date information for the City. The findings confirm the seriousness of the changes that Boston will face. They also emphasize that the magnitude of the changes in the second half of the century depend greatly on our success in reducing our greenhouse gas emissions now.""These projections show two things clearly: first, we have to prepare for change and second, if - along with the rest of the world - we can reduce our carbon emissions, we can prevent even more extreme changes from impacting our City,"" said Carl Spector, Commissioner of the Environment. ""We have to work as a community to reduce our carbon emissions by changing the source of energy we use and the ways we work, study and travel.""For more on Climate Ready Boston, visit the new website for the initiative.Climate Ready Boston will provide recommendations about how Boston's neighborhoods and infrastructure can respond to climate change and become more resilient. Findings will be incorporated into Imagine Boston 2030, as well as Go Boston 2030 led by the Boston Transportation Department, and resiliency planning led by the City's Chief Resilience Officer.The initiative is led by the City of Boston in partnership with the Green Ribbon Commission and with support from the Massachusetts Office of Coastal Zone Management. The project team includes HR&A Advisors, University of Massachusetts Boston, Arcadis and Sasaki Associates.Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space Austin Blackmon and Environment Commissioner Carl Spector joined city and state leaders this week in the Netherlands for the Green Ribbon Commission's Climate Innovations Study Tour. The purpose of the tour, which will also include stops in Denmark and Sweden, is to gain knowledge of cutting-edge European practices for achieving city carbon neutrality and long-term climate preparedness to advance the City and Commonwealth's climate strategies. This study tour will create opportunities for the Boston participants to interact with their European counterparts who will share the ""inside story"" of what it takes to achieve this level of change. For more information on the tour and a list of participants, visit their site.""Assuring Boston's long-term resilience to climate change will require unprecedented public-private collaboration,"" said John Cleveland, Executive Director of the Green Ribbon Commission. ""It is critical that we are all working from the same science-based projections as we do this work. The Climate Ready Boston projections establish a foundation for this cross-sector collaboration, and are further indication of Boston's pace-setting leadership in the national quest for climate change solutions.""Boston has long been a leader on climate action, starting with the 2007 Executive Order on Climate Action, which set the charge to include climate projections in city planning. The first Climate Ready Boston project in 2013 focused on municipal vulnerabilities. This current initiative is a next step to expand the focus to the entire Boston community and looks comprehensively at the city's infrastructure, built environment, natural environmental and neighborhoods."
"The Boston Transportation Department announced plans to bring the popular New Balance Hubway bike share program to 10 locations in East Boston this year. These stations are in addition to 10 new stations opening this summer in Roxbury and northern Dorchester.""By expanding Hubway across the harbor to East Boston, we are giving more of our residents access to bike-sharing, which is good for our economy, our environment and our health,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We will continue to work to provide residents with a diverse range of transportation options.""The New Balance Hubway system is regional public transportation by bike, owned by the municipalities of Boston, Brookline, Cambridge and Somerville. With more than 13,000 annual members and over 100,000 short-term passes sold each year, the Hubway system will celebrate its 5thbirthday this July and 5 million trips this fall.""Bringing Hubway to East Boston is a major milestone for the program,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Fiandaca. ""With these new stations, East Boston residents and visitors will have an active, fun way to get around the neighborhood.The Boston Transportation Department will work alongside the public to help plan the new stations. Everyone is welcome to attend a community workshop on June 30 at the East Boston Public Library to talk about what makes a good location for a Hubway station and work together to identify general locations for new stations. People will be able to prioritize specific locations via a survey conducted by street teams from the Neighborhood of Affordable Housing and the East Boston Social Center, via an online version of the survey, and by dropping by an open house on July 28.Get ready to #takehubway in East Boston!New Balance Hubway is metro-Boston's bike-sharing system with more than 1,600 bikes at 160 stations in Boston, Cambridge, Brookline and Somerville. The City of Boston has the longest-running subsidized bike-share membership program in the country, offering Hubway memberships to low-income residents for just $5 per year. For more information about subsidized memberships please visit the Boston Bikes website,or call 617-635-1470. Find out more about the New Balance Hubway system, station expansions, deployments, and outages/closures at www.thehubway.com, on Twitter and on Facebook."
"BOSTON -Monday, June 13, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that he will file for an additional $4.7 million for Boston Public Schools (BPS) in Fiscal Year (FY17) to invest in several proposed initiatives aimed at the long-term success of Boston's schools. These initiatives, part of Superintendent Tommy Chang's long term vision for BPS, include rolling out the Excellence for All program in 13 schools, planning for a new dual language program in three schools, preparing for Extended Learning Time expansion in FY18, and implementing a transportation data system.""I believe deeply in public education, and I believe our unstinting goals in public education should be to close opportunity and achievement gaps, meet the diverse needs of every kind of student, and make our district schools top choices for every family in every neighborhood,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am pleased to re-submit the FY17 operating budget with a nearly $5M increase for BPS, which will fund programs aimed at getting all of our children on the pathway to success.""Mayor Walsh's Medium poston education and the increase in the BPS budget.Chief Financial Officer David Sweeney's Medium poston the data behind the BPS budget.OnFriday, June 17, Superintendent Chang will present his plan for the additional investments to the School Committee for their approval:""I extend my gratitude to Mayor Walsh for increasing education funding for our schools,"" said Superintendent Chang. ""This investment will help move us forward as a district and will support many of the activities and programming that are extremely important to our students and families. Together, as a community, we remain deeply committed to the future of our children and I look forward to a promising year ahead."" These are in addition to the investments Boston is already planning for FY17 that increase equity and better serve student needs such as:Consistent with Boston's annual budget process, the Mayor will resubmit the FY17 Operating Budget to the City Council onJune 20, 2017. The FY17 Budget Resubmission will invest almost $1.032 billion in Boston Public Schools, an $18.2 million increase over the FY16 Budget, and the City is likely to add additional funds to the BPS budget if wages increase further through collective bargaining. To support this increased investment, the City will be budgeting $1.9 million in increased net state aid and $2.8 million in additional local receipts. Although net state aid is projected to be slightly higher than the City originally budgeted, it is still projected to decline from FY16 and fall almost $16 million short of funding the state's obligations to Boston for charter school reimbursement. Mayor Walsh's Fiscal Year 2017 (FY17) budget proposal, is a balanced and responsible plan that is responsive to the needs to Boston's residents. The budget builds on the Administration's strong and proactive fiscal management practices, implements department audit recommendations to achieve operational efficiencies and modernize processes, employs data-driven decision making, and continues to address long-term systemic challenges affecting the residents of Boston that have built up over many years. Through thoughtful reforms that achieve savings, and improved utilization of existing funds, Mayor Walsh's FY17 budget is able to make targeted investments toward achieving a thriving, healthy and innovative City."
The Dorothy Curran Wednesday Night Concert Series returns from July 13 through August 24 for another great season of outdoor music to entertain music fans of all ages on City Hall Plaza with funk and soul music legends Tavares, the fab sounds of Beatlejuice, Disco Night with Stardust, and the smooth R&B stylings of Harold Melvins Blue Notes.Now celebrating 44 years as Bostons longest-running free outdoor concert series, these performances bring four summer nights of great entertainment to this unique venue located in the heart of Boston. All shows begin at 7 p.m.The series is presented by Mayor Martin J. Walsh, the Mayors Office of Tourism, Sports, and Entertainment, and the Boston Parks and Recreation Department in partnership with title sponsor Bank of America. Additional support is provided by media sponsor the Boston Herald, night sponsor AARP Massachusetts, and Polar Beverages.The series kicks off July 13 with AARP Night featuring Beatlejuice, the number one choice for Beatles fans looking to get their fill of the Fab Four. Beatlejuice has the distinction of faithfully reproducing the beloved Liverpudlians music note-for-note, from early Beatles to late Beatles, without costumes or stage gimmicks. Performing some of the greatest songs ever written, Beatlejuice covers every era of the Beatles catalog as well as the solo careers of the lads from Liverpool.On August 3 New Bedfords own Tavares, one of the most memorable soul groups of the 70s and 80s, performs instantly recognizable international hits such as Heaven Must Be Missing An Angel and More Than A Woman.City Hall Plaza favorite Stardust returns on August 10 for Disco Night featuring classic dance floor and pop hits and the Dorothy Curran Wednesday Night Concert Series closes August 24 with the classic Philly soul of Harold Melvins Blue Notes.For more information, please call the Boston Parks and Recreation Department at (617) 635-4505, visit www.facebook.com/bostonparksdepartment, or go towww.cityofboston.gov/parks.
"BOSTON -Friday, June 10, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the winning projects of the Youth Lead the Change vote. This year's vote, in which young Bostonians ages 12-25 decided how to allocate $1 million of the City of Boston Capital Budget, is the third time the City has engaged young residents in the budgetary process, and is the first initiative of its kind in the nation.""Youth Lead the Change creates a process to share City budgeting decisions with young people all over Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Young people are working together, polling their peers, and addressing the issues that matter most to them. In addition to empowering young people today, we are cultivating a generation of Boston youth who are not only passionate and progressive, but also have the tools and knowledge to shape the future.""The Mayor's Youth Council partnered with youth organizations to write the rules and oversee the implementation of the process. Voting polls were stationed at local train stations, youth centers and school buildings slated for the city-wide vote. 4,482 eligible votes came in from Boston's youngest populations. This year, young people conducted extra outreach in order to engage LGBTQ youth, homeless youth, undocumented residents and court or gang involved youth.""Youth Lead the Change shows that we're not too young to make a difference in our community. It's a chance for us to participate in democracy and learn how the city works,"" said John Fiumara, a young person hired to facilitate this process. ""Now, I understand the stages an idea has to go through before it becomes a reality. I thought city employees would just say 'yes' or 'no' to our ideas, but I was surprised how many times they said 'we're already doing that' or 'let's figure this out together'.""Youth Lead the Change (YLC) is managed by the Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Division of Youth Engagement & Employment in close collaboration with a steering committee comprised of 18 community and youth serving organizations. The Participatory Budgeting Project facilitates the implementation of participatory budgeting nationwide, and works closely with Youth Lead the Change.""At a time when Americans are deeply divided, participatory budgeting brings thousands of people together to improve their communities and transform our democracy,"" said Josh Lerner, Executive Director of the Participatory Budgeting Project, the nonprofit leading the growth of participatory budgeting in North America. ""Youth Lead the Change in Boston expands the opportunities for young people to lead. As the first youth participatory budgeting process in North America, YLC is inspiring cities across the Country.""An event last night in the City Hall Mezzanine recognized the youth participants and their budget ideas. Felix Arroyo, Boston's Chief of Health & Human Services, welcomed the crowd of over 125 youth plus many adults.  Also showcased at the event were products and business models designed by teens from 20 BCYF community centers as part of the Youth Ventures Project, a partnership with the United Way. The teens held a showcase to demonstrate and sell their products and had the opportunity to make a ""pitch"" to a panel for the chance to win a $10,000 grant to continue and expand their business. The businesses selected to be funded were the BCYF Ohrenberger Community Center's citywide online calendar/event website and the BCYF Paris and Pino Community Centers' ReRunz thrift shop which donates clothing to families in need. Each project will receive $10,000.  The winning Youth Lead the Change projects are:$500,000.00 - Parks are for Everyone Up to 10 new park renovations will have inclusive play elements for people with disabilities in Dorchester, South End, Roxbury, Jamaica Plain, and Roslindale $135,000.00 - Job and Resource Finder App Will create an app that lets teens find jobs, programs, free events, and scholarships citywide $150,000.00 - Wicked Free Wifi 3.0 Will bring internet to sidewalks and bus stops in key locations across Boston citywide $100,000.00 - Link Up: Digital Billboards in Schools Will install TV screens in schools that display information about jobs, programs, and other resources for students $80,000.00 - More Trash Cans and Recycling Bins Will install newer trash cans and recycling bins to make our neighborhoods cleaner in Mattapan, Dorchester, Roxbury $25,000.00 - Sunshine and Books Will develop an app to make it easy to find outdoor study spaces in parks across Boston.Last year, young people voted to fund four winning projects that expanded the Hubway bicycle system, expanded the City's Wicked Free Wi-Fi system, installed water bottle refill systems at City parks and renovated Boston Latin Academy's gymnasium. Youth Lead the Change will launch its fourth cycle in September with a call for steering committee members. To learn more about Youth Lead the Change, visityouth.boston.govor contact the BCYF Division of Youth Engagement and Employment at617-635-4202."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined Michael Maso, Managing Director of the Huntington Theatre Company and John Matteson of the QMG Huntington, LLC to announce a partnership that will allow the Huntington Theatre Company to continue operating in what is known as the Boston University (BU) Theatre. ""From the very beginning we have been committed to bringing the key players to the table in order to maintain the Huntington's home on the Avenue of the Arts,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""The theatre's legacy is rich and diverse, from its commitment to the works of famed African-American playwright August Wilson, to its innovative partnership with Codman Academy Charter School. The Huntington is one of Boston's great cultural treasures. I am thankful for the shared commitment of John Matteson and his team to our goals, and I look forward to the bright future of this theatre.""""We are deeply grateful to Mayor Walsh and his administration for their essential role in helping find a solution which will allow the Huntington to not only continue to produce ambitious, large-scale works in a renovated and expanded Huntington Avenue theatre, but also to expand and enhance our services to audience members, young people, our neighborhood, and the theatre community of Boston,"" said Michael Maso, Managing Director of the Huntington Theatre Company.""We would like to thank Mayor Walsh, his staff and the BRA for their guidance through this process,"" saidJohn Matteson of the QMG Huntington, LLC.""We would also like to thank BU for trusting us with this important property and mostly we look forward to a long relationship with the Avenue of the Arts and the new Huntington Theatre.""""The Fenway community is so appreciative of the Mayor and his team's accomplishment in keeping the Huntington Theatre on the Avenue of the Arts in the Fenway Cultural District,"" said Kelly Brilliant, Executive Director of the Fenway Alliance, Inc. ""The Huntington Theatre is a backbone not only for a dedicated, engaged arts audience in Boston, but is also a tangible presence, and intellectual and emotional touchstone in our community--the Fenway. On so many nights and afternoons, the theatre is a buzzing gathering place in the Fenway Cultural District. A great neighbor who welcomes us all, lifts our spirits and challenges our minds with fresh ideas and diverse perspectives-all in the form of powerful art.""""Having long-term control over our mainstage theatre on a year-round basis is a huge step for the Huntington,"" saidPeter DuBois, Artistic Director at the Huntington Theatre Company. ""It means that we can explore additional artistic programming and partnerships throughout the year, and ensures that the Huntington can nurture future generations of theatre artists and arts organizations.""  The Huntington is a local economic driver in the City of Boston, employing over 400full-timestaff members and artists and generating more than $19 million annually in economic activity.Through its education programs, the Huntington also provides programs for more than 33,000 youth and community members annually, many of them from Boston's neighborhoods.In October 2015, BU and the Huntington Theatre Company announced that they would dissolve their 33-year partnership in June 2017, and the BU Theatre complex would be sold on the open market. A local development company, QMG Huntington LLC, led by John Matteson, purchased the BU Theatre complex in May 2016, and the Huntington and the developer have now agreed:More details will emerge in the coming months as the design and review process of the development is finalized, and in order to succeed the Huntington will embark on a major new capital fundraising campaign.  The City of Boston is currently leadingBoston Creates, Boston's cultural planning process, designed to create a long-term plan to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality in the City. Over the past year, the Boston Creates team undertook an extensive community engagement, holding three town halls, 118 community conversations, more than 80 focus groups and meetings, an online creative engagement participation survey and a crowd-sourced mapping of cultural assets. Using the data obtained through the process, the team worked closely with the Boston Creates Steering Committee and Leadership Council to develop adraft planfor public feedback. The final plan will be released this summer.About the Huntington Theatre Company:The Tony Award-winning Huntington Theatre Company is Boston's leading professional theatre company and a cornerstone of Boston's theatre community. The Huntington helps drive the local economy, enhances education for youth in Boston and across the Commonwealth, and helps build a vibrant, thriving community on the Avenue of the Arts and in the South End. The Huntington Theatre Company draws 200,000 audience members a year to its two venues - the BU Theatre on Huntington Avenue and the Calderwood Pavilion at the BCA in the South End. Calderwood was Boston's first new theatre complex since 1925, and in addition to serving as the Huntington's home for new plays, it services as an artistic hub for dozens of smaller theatres, performing groups and community organizations each year."
"The City of Boston Election Department is asking residents for feedback on locations and timing of early voting locations. The public is encouraged to visittheir sitetoprovide input on their preferred locations and days/times for early voting.The survey will remain open until5:00 p.m.onThursday, June 16th.This feedback will be incorporated into the plan that will be recommended to the Election Commission for approval onJuly 6, 2016.""A democracy is only strong and vibrant when all residents are able to participate and make their voices heard,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""I am pleased that in Boston we are creating a plan that makes voting more accessible to all residents. City Hall is dedicated to fostering strong civic engagement and our early voting plan is another step forward.""The Early Voting Initiative will make participation in Election Day more convenient for all, particularly those with work schedules, family obligations or other obstacles. To promote access across the city, the Mayor's FY17 budget proposal commits $670,000 to meet and exceed the state requirement of having one early voting site open during normal business hours.""Our objective is to further Mayor Martin J. Walsh's directive to give all of our residents an opportunity to participate in Boston's inaugural early voting period, and we value the input of all stakeholders towards developing a final plan,"" said Dion Irish, Commissioner of the Boston Election Department.The Early Voting period runs fromMonday October 24to Friday November 4at 5 p.m., and voters may cast their votes at any location. City Hall will be the main Early Voting location for in-person voting during that period, however voters may also vote early by mail application. For neighborhood locations, the Election Department requests input on the schedule and the most convenient times.Feedback can also be provided through the Boston Election Department's Facebook page, or@BostonElectionson Twitter or via email atEVfeedback@boston.gov.In 2014, Massachusetts passed an election reform law requiring early voting every two years for the November election. This year, the Early Voting period will begin onMonday, October 24, 2016and end onFriday, November 4, 2016. Election Day isTuesday, November 8, 2016."
Boston Parks Commissioner Chris Cook and The Skating Club of Boston president Joe Blount are pleased to welcome children and guests to kick off the 2016 summer season as the Boston Common Frog Pond spray pool reopens on Friday, June 24. The day will include a fun and exciting celebration at 11 a.m. followed by the opening of the wading pool.The Frog Pond wading and spray pool provides Bostons youngsters with the opportunity to cool off in this landmark downtown park during summers hot weather, said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. We invite residents of all ages to come to Boston Common and enjoy the Frog Pond, Tadpole Playground, carousel, food concessions, historic monuments, and the Swan Boats and Make Way for Ducklings figures in the Public Garden.In addition to activities from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m., information regarding upcoming summer programs offered by the City of Boston and the Boston Public Health Commission will be available to families and residents and tasty treats will be provided by in-kind sponsors HP Hood LLC, DAVIDs TEA, and Polar Beverages.The celebration will feature a special visit from official mascot Frog Pond Freddie, entertainment, face painting, books courtesy of ReadBoston, and giveaways from Magic 106.7 and the movie Middle School. In addition, children of all ages are eligible to enter a summer raffle.Families will also be able to enjoy a ride on the Boston Common Carousel. The Carousel is handicapped accessible and has height requirements: anyone 42 or taller can ride alone anyone under 42 requires the presence of an adult. Admission for the ride is $3 with 10 ride cards available for $25. Hours of operation are Sunday through Thursday 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. and Friday and Saturday 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.A year-round recreational facility, the Frog Pond offers ice skating in the winter, a spray pool and supervised wading for youngsters in the summer, and the Carousel from spring through fall. Information on additional activities offered at the Frog Pond can be found by visitingwww.bostonfrogpond.com. Visitors can also hop over to the Frog Pond Cafe to enjoy refreshments such as sandwiches, salads, hot dogs, hamburgers, frozen soft serve yogurt and shakes, and more.The Frog Pond spray pool is open for wading daily from 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. until Labor Day. The facility is managed by The Skating Club of Boston and staffed by youth workers from the Boston Youth Fund. For further information, please call the Frog Pond at (617) 635-2120.
"BEIJING, CHINA -Tuesday, June 7, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry to announce that Boston will host the 2017 U.S. - China Climate Leaders Summit. The Mayor and the Secretary made the announcement during the evening plenary session at this year's summit in Beijing, China.The summit will bring thousands of leaders from around the world to Boston in the summer of 2017 to discuss and share experiences in building low-carbon, climate-resilient communities. The selection of Boston demonstrates the city's leadership on the global stage in creating a greener and more sustainable city.The third summit will further strengthen the US-China bilateral relationship on climate change, as well as the two countries' shared commitment to climate action following the successful Paris Agreement in 2015.""I am honored to announce that Boston will build on our global climate leadership to host next year's U.S.-China Climate Leaders Summit,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""There is no more pressing, or defining, global challenge than climate change. We know we must be making investments now to create a more sustainable future for the world we share. I look forward to continuing these substantive, challenging conversations in Boston.""""Boston has long been a leader on climate action, and today thats underscored not only by Mayor Walshs presence here in Beijing for the second US-China Climate Leaders Summit  but also by the announcement that Boston will host the third Leaders Summit next year, said Secretary Kerry. When nearly 200 nations adopted a global climate change agreement in Paris last December, we knew that success would depend on commitment at the local level. As a coastal city, Boston is approaching this challenge with the urgency it demands by pursuing a first-of-its-kind approach to preparing for rising sea levels and extreme weather through Climate Ready Boston, while also setting ambitious greenhouse-gas reduction goals with Carbon-Free Boston. And as a son of Boston and someone who has focused on climate change for decades, Im particularly proud of my hometowns leadership in this global effort.The first summit occurred last September in Los Angeles and included a keynote address by Vice President Biden and China's State Councilor Yang Jiechi as well as the signing by 24 state and local leaders of a first-of-its-kind ""US-China Climate Leaders Declaration."" The most notable feature of this declaration was a commitment by major Chinese cities to peak CO2 emissions earlier than China's national goal of 2030.Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh joined the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group (C40) Steering Committee, the governing body that provides strategic direction for the network of cities on the front line of preparing for and helping prevent climate change. Mayor Walsh is currently representing all North American cities on the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group (C40) as Vice-Chair alongside Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti.AtTuesday'ssession in Beijing, the Mayor announced that the Chinese cities of Dalian and Chengdu have joined C40, further strengthening the coalition's force throughout the world.Boston has made significant progress in the past two years, from the release of the updated Greenovate Climate Action, which sets a clear road map to achieve Boston's greenhouse gas reduction goals of 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050, to receiving an international award for community engagement at the United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21) in Paris.Last year Boston celebrated its compliance with the Compact of Mayors -- an important measure in achieving its climate commitments by providing a more transparent platform for Boston's climate progress. The Compact of Mayors is a global coalition of over 500 mayors and city officials pledging to reduce local greenhouse gas emissions, enhance resilience to climate change, and track their progress transparently, and Boston has been an integral signatory in following through with its commitment."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that the third-annual Donna Summer Celebration of Summer Roller Disco Party will be held onFriday, June 17from6 p.m. - 10 p.m.on City Hall Plaza. The family-friendly event is free and open to the public.The City of Boston will provide free rentals to guests on a first come, first serve basis and all are encouraged to bring their own skates if available.""I am pleased that our Donna Summer Roller Disco party has proven a success and we are able to bring it back for the third consecutive year,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are committed to providing our families and residents with free, fun events all year and the roller disco party honors Donna Summer and her Boston roots while energizing City Hall Plaza.""The event will welcome back DJ Kon to the DJ decks. Kon, aka Christian Taylor, has been a member of Boston's hip-hop scene for decades, and he is internationally recognized as a re-edit and rework pioneer. Joining Kon will be members of Donna Summer's extended family including O'Mega Red, Donna's nephew and flag-bearer for her legacy.""That the Mayor shows this respect to Donna each year is something the family truly appreciates,"" said O'Mega Red. ""My aunt was very much a true diva and her legacy survives and grows larger with each passing year."" Summer died at 62 years-old on May 17, 2012.""No Boston-born musician has sold more albums than Donna Summer,"" said Holly Thomason of the Boston Roller Derby, which will again support the event. ""As the Roller Derby, we obviously pay our respects but as a woman, Donna represented a bold, courageous, and fearless artist.""""To us, Donna Summer is as big as Elvis,"" said David Day, Creative Director and Co-Founder of Together Boston, a promotional partner. ""She was a pioneer of modern music and approached technology with a confidence few have seen since."" "
Our report,Guiding Growth: Towards an Inclusive City, outlined four goals to help shape Bostons growth as we look towards 2030. Recently, our blog posts have been focused on exploring creative and innovative ideas from Bostonians to help reach these goals, includinginclusive economic growth,providing quality of life in accessible neighborhoods, andpromoting a healthy environment.This week, we examine some of the ideas Bostonians have shared that address our fourth goal: invest in infrastructure, open space and culture. From improving access to open space to making particular areas more pedestrian friendly, manycoUrbanizecomments envision a future with state-of-the-art infrastructure, arts and culture, and open space that would bring the Citys residents and its visitors together: For centuries, the Citys infrastructure has provided a foundation for Bostons growth, and the Citys parks and cultural offerings have made Boston a wonderful place to live. Looking forward to 2030, Imagine Boston will identify opportunities to further invest in open space, culture and infrastructure that allows residents and businesses to connect, grow and thrive. Where should Boston invest in open space and infrastructure?Share your ideasand connect with us onTwitter,FacebookandInstagramusing #ImagineBoston. You can also sign up for Imagine Bostonupdates.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that he has been invited to travel to Beijing, China onJune 7 and 8, 2016to speak at the U.S.-China Climate-Smart/Low-Carbon Cities Summit. Mayor Walsh will join a delegation of 20 U.S. cities that will attend the Summit.Organized under the U.S.-China Climate Change Working Group, this summit is an opportunity to exchange best practices between U.S. and Chinese cities, and more than 40 Chinese cities are expected to attend.""Boston has made significant progress on climate action, and I am honored to share best practices with cities from around the world,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This summit gives us an incredible opportunity to build on our legacy and learn how we can better protect Boston right now, and for our future generations."" The 2016 U.S.-China Climate-Smart/Low Carbon Cities Summit is jointly organized by the United States and China and aims to promote the implementation of the U.S.-China Joint Announcement on Climate Change made by President Obama and President Xi in 2014, as well as the Paris agreement made in 2015. The summit will expand and deepen the leadership of city and local leaders on climate change and address key low carbon development topics such as carbon trading, air quality improvement, non-motorized transportation, green finance and technology innovation. Earlier this year, Mayor Walsh joined the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group (C40) Steering Committee, the governing body that provides strategic direction for the network of cities on the front line of preparing for and helping prevent climate change. Mayor Walsh is currently representing all North American cities on the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group (C40) Steering Committee. Boston joined C40 in 2014 and has made significant progress in the past two years, from the release of the updated Greenovate Climate Action, which sets a clearroad mapto achieve Boston's greenhouse gas reduction goals of 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050, to receiving an international award for community engagement at the United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21) in Paris. Just prior to COP21 last year, Boston celebrated its compliance with the Compact of Mayors -- an important measure in achieving its climate commitments by providing a more transparent platform for Boston's climate progress. The Compact of Mayors is a global coalition of over 500 mayors and city officials pledging to reduce local greenhouse gas emissions, enhance resilience to climate change, and track their progress transparently, and Boston has been an integral signatory in following through with its commitment."
Boston Public Librarys annual Read Your Way to Fenway summer essay contest begins today for young people in Boston ages 5 through 17. Readers may download an application viawww.bpl.org/summeror pick up an application at anyBoston Public Library location. Children and teens are encouraged to read a minimum of three books and write an essay about their favorite for the chance to watch the Red Sox play at Fenway Park on Sunday, August 28.Summer is a key time for our young people to pursue their reading interests - to stimulate imagination and creativity, to work on hitting grade-level reading standards, or just for fun, said David Leonard, Interim President of the Boston Public Library. We are extremely grateful to our sponsors for their support - Read Your Way to Fenway is a key program among our summer learning offerings, and combines themes of reading and sports in a uniquely Boston way.The essay contest is a prime opportunity for youth to be active readers and writers this summer and to experience the fun of Americas favorite pastime in historic Fenway Park, said Farouqua Abuzeit, Boston Public Librarys Youth Services Manager.Completed applications and essays are due to a Boston Public Library location on Monday, August 1. Winners receive three tickets to the Red Sox game on Sunday, August 28, versus the Kansas City Royals, three vouchers for food at Fenway Park, and one t-shirt, hat, and backpack. Each winner must be accompanied to the game by one parent or guardian.Read Your Way to Fenway is sponsored by John Hancock, The Red Sox Foundation, and The Boston Public Library Foundation.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARY FOUNDATIONThe Boston Public Library Foundation is a fundraising arm of the BPL, with a mission to raise private funds for library programs and special projects. Working closely with the leadership team of the Library, as well as the Board of Trustees, the Foundation has made over 15 grants to the BPL in Fiscal Year 2016, ranging in size from $10,000 to $175,000, to support programs such as the Lowell Lecture Series, Concerts in the Courtyard, Read Your Way to Fenway, Community Learning Center programs, and the upcoming Celebrating Shakespeare initiative, among others.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced AvalonBay Communities, Sheraton Boston Hotel and Vertex Pharmaceuticals as the three newest participants in the Greenovate Boston Mayor's Carbon Cup. Their participation represents an aggressive commitment to reduce their greenhouse gas emissions by 35 percent by 2020.Mayor Walsh recognized their commitments at a Green Ribbon Commission meeting this morning.""I thank AvalonBay Communities, Sheraton Boston Hotel, and Vertex Pharmaceuticals for their partnership in helping Boston achieve our greenhouse gas reduction goals,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Boston is committed to being a leader in our efforts to address climate change, and those efforts would be impossible without these significant commitments from community partners.""The Mayor's Carbon Cup, launched in April 2014, recognizes the major commitments of large organizations, including hospitals, universities and commercial building portfolios. To date, there are 10 participants in the Mayor's Carbon Cup, which have collectively committed approximately 23.9 million square feet to a 35 percent greenhouse gas emission reduction.""The GRC applauds AvalonBay Communities, Sheraton Boston Hotel and Vertex Pharmaceuticals for committing to the Mayor's Carbon Cup Challenge, which calls for reducing carbon emissions from buildings at an even faster pace than called for in the Boston Climate Action Plan,"" said John Cleveland, Executive Director of the GRC.""Commercial buildings comprise over half of the city's greenhouse gas emissions. Thanks to these business leaders, and the innovative policies, programs, and community engagement around climate preparedness by the Mayor's office, Boston is a global model for building strong cross-sector partnerships aimed at slowing the causes of climate changes.""The three new participants each represent the first of their sector to enroll in the Mayor's Carbon Cup. Other Carbon Cup participants and winners are: Partners HealthCare-Brigham and Women's Hospital, Boston University, Harvard University (within Boston city limits), Partners HealthCare-Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston Medical Center, Boston Properties, and the Federal Reserve Bank of Boston. ""We're excited to have Avalon, Sheraton, and Vertex step up as climates leaders in their respective sectors,"" said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy, and Open Space. ""We hope to see others follow their lead.""In order for the City of Boston to reach its citywide goal of reducing greenhouse gas emissions (GHGs) by 25 percent by 2020, large building portfolios will need to lead by aiming for a higher GHG reduction target. Those pledging to the Carbon Cup commitment must enroll at least 1 million square feet and commit to a 35 percent reduction in GHG intensity. Pledges may choose 2005, or the next earliest available year with energy data, as a baseline. The Building Energy Reporting and Disclosure Ordinance (BERDO) establishes the reporting framework for easy participation in the Mayor's Carbon Cup. Through BERDO, the City will track year-over-year progress towards each portfolio's goal.The City of Boston welcomes new participants in the Cup. For more information, visithttp://www.greenovateboston.org/carbon_cup.About The Green Ribbon CommissionThe Boston Green Ribbon Commission, formed in 2011 and now co-chaired by Mayor Walsh, is a group of business, institutional and civic leaders in Boston working to develop shared strategies for fighting climate change in coordination with the City'sClimate Action Plan. Visithttp://www.greenribboncommission.orgfor details.About Greenovate BostonGreenovate Boston is a community-driven movement to get all Bostonians involved in reducing the city's greenhouse gas emissions 25 percent by 2020 and 80 percent by 2050, as outlined in the City's Climate Action Plan. By laying out the necessary steps to reduce the causes of and to prepare for climate change, the Climate Action Plan gives Greenovate Boston a Framework for building a greener, healthier and more prosperous city. Visithttp://greenovateboston.orgfor details."
The new mark for Boston.gov is not just the letter B but a Bold letter B. Underlined.In the past, we had rough frameworks, and more than once various people at City Hall proposed style guides of their own, but nothing was ever widely used. We made design decisions on the fly, color schemes and fonts be damned. The Citys Digital Team is changing that.You can now check out ourbrand guidelines on the Boston.gov pilot site.Our guide is rooted in feedback from Bostonians. At the start of our redesign efforts, we spoke to users inside and outside of City Hall, and they helped inform our style decisions. Themes like boldness and humility emerged in those conversations, which youll see reflected in our typefaces and color palette. We will continue to rely on input from users as our guide develops and evolves over time.In talking to users, we also learned there is a need for a central place to go to find information about brand guidelines, something that hadnt been available in the past. Thats why were making the style guide public and easy for everyone to access and use.This guide isnt just for the new website  the new visual identity is something we will apply to all of the Citys digital tools.You can see the effect in our work on everything from the Mayors State of the City address:to theBoston PayTix app:Whether youre paying a parking ticket or looking at resources for moving apartments, you should always know youre interacting with the City of Boston.Check out our brand guidelines
"The City of Boston's Office of Arts and Culture in partnership with the Public Art Commission and Mass Poetry recently unveiled ""Raining Poetry,"" a new set of public art installations that can be seen in several locations across the city that reveal invisible poetry on the sidewalk when it rains.""As we've heard through feedback from the Boston Creates process, the people of Boston want to see more public art throughout the city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Raining Poetry is a great example of a unique installation that showcases the work of local poets in a way that is engaging and creative, offering passerby's the chance to catch a piece of poetry hidden in plain sight.""""We are excited about the Raining Poetry installations that are capturing the attention and sparking interest among all those who pass by,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture for the City of Boston. ""I thank Mass Poetry for their partnership in bringing this idea to fruition and look forward to exploring additional ways to enrich the lives of Boston's residents and visitors through public art projects."" Using a biodegradable water-repellent spray that vanishes once dry, the poems remain invisible until it rains. Once wet, the area around the poem will darken, exposing the poem to all those who pass by.""Mass Poetry strives to bring poetry to the public, and Raining Poetry is a fun, unique way to do that,"" said Sara Siegel, Program Director at Mass Poetry. ""We hope that finding a hidden poem on the sidewalk will brighten a dreary day."" To date, the City's Mural Crew has installed four poems at four different locations across the city. The locations include the areas around: Dudley Square Caf (Lower Roxbury), The Strand Theater (Uphams Corner, Dorchester), Adams Park (Roslindale) and Hyde Park Public Library (Hyde Park). Boston Poet Laureate Danielle Georges selected the first four poems by poets with ties to Massachusetts.The poems include: [untitled]Gary Duehr(Upham's Corner) Still HereLangston Hughes(Dudley Square) [untitled]The Tracks We Leave (U. of Illinois Press)Barbara Helfgott Hyett(Roslindale)WaterThe Red ThreadElizabeth McKim(Hyde Park)While the water-repellent spray wears off in six to eight weeks, the Raining Poetry organizers plan to continue the invisible poetry movement throughout Boston, with poems in Spanish, Portuguese and Haitian Creole to reflect the neighborhoods where the poems will reside.For more information about the Mayor's Mural crew, please visithereand for more information about Mass Poetry, please visithere. "
"The City of Boston's Department of Innovation and Technology (DoIT) today announced itsCyber Security Awareness and Training program for all City employees. The new program cements Boston's commitment to information security across the City.""My Administration is focused on using data and technology to improve government operations and quality of life for residents,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""Investments in cybersecurity are an important part of our strategy to have a government that is both tech-savvy and secure against digital threats.""This program is designed to equip employees with the skills they need to keep Boston's IT systems safe and secure and protect sensitive information in their custody. In addition, the program will teach employees how to protect their personal information online and stay safe when they use the internet outside of work.""People are the first line of defense against cybersecurity threats,"" said Jascha Franklin-Hodge, Chief Information Officer of the City of Boston. ""Bad password management, unsafe email practices, and unauthorized information sharing can all open the door to an attacker. This program will train Boston's employees with the skills to safely navigate online threats and keep the City and themselves safe.""The self-paced, online training will be accessible from a computer or mobile device. DoIT will provide support to employees and will track completion. Employees will be required to complete training to maintain full access to City IT systems.Employees will be expected to complete the Cyber Security Awareness and Training program by July 1st."
Boston Public Librarys free Concerts in the Courtyard (www.bpl.org/concerts) series returns June 1 and runs through August 31, featuring a variety of artists and musical genres in the librarys iconic courtyard at the Central Library in Copley Square, located at 700 Boylston Street. Concerts are held on Wednesdays at 6 p.m. and on Fridays at 12:30 p.m. All the concerts are free and last approximately one hour. Wednesday concerts are presented in partnership with Berklee College of Music.June schedule:Concerts in the Courtyard are generously supported by the Library Programs Fund at the Boston Public Library Foundation. Concerts will be moved indoors in the event of inclement weather. The concerts continue in July and August with the following schedule:About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARY FOUNDATIONThe Boston Public Library Foundation is a fundraising arm of the BPL, with a mission to raise private funds for library programs and special projects. Working closely with the leadership team of the Library, as well as the Board of Trustees, the Foundation has made over 15 grants to the BPL in Fiscal Year 2016, ranging in size from $10,000 to $175,000, to support programs such as the Lowell Lecture Series, Concerts in the Courtyard, Read Your Way to Fenway, Community Learning Center programs, and the upcoming Celebrating Shakespeare initiative, among others.
After two community workshops and consultations with key stakeholders in the neighborhoods, we have identified 13 possible general areas for the 10 new Hubway stations. These general locations are at most a 10-minute walk from each other or existing Hubway stations proximity isone of the most important criteria to a successful bikeshare network.So why are there 13 general locations for just 10 stations? Well, we may have some challenges finding good spots that meet our stations' needs and dont have any conflicting permits.What makes a good site for Hubway? First, a Hubway station must be able to fit. A typical Hubway station measures 51 feet by 6 feet and has 19 bike docks. Stations can be placed in the street, on the sidewalk, or in a park plaza, subject to a few additional considerations:Based on these considerations, we identified 2-4 possible sites in each general location. If you visit any of these areas regularly, we invite you to share your thoughts about which alternative is best! On the map below, click on any of the purple pins marking our 13 general locations to get a link to a brief survey on the site alternatives for that location. (Green pins are existing stations.) A full list of survey links is also included at the end of this post.Existing stations are blue. Potential stations are red.View this mapin a new window.In early June, we will also be holding open houses for community members to drop in and give feedback on these site options. Hope to see you there!
Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced this week that the Richard and Susan Smith Family Foundation will make a $3 million gift for the park being constructed along Fort Point Channel in honor of Martin W. Richard, the youngest victim of the Boston Marathon bombings.We are deeply honored to help bring this gift of a world-class park to Boston in memory of Martin Richard, said Susan Smith, co-chair of the Richard and Susan Smith Family Foundation. Martins Park at the Smith Family Waterfront will transform an underutilized public space into a vibrant, universally accessible park and playground that we hope will delight children and families for generations to come.Martin's Park at the Smith Family Waterfront is currently being designed by the landscape architecture firm Michael Van Valkenburgh & Associates, who also designed the Smith Family Waterfront Plaza in front of the Boston Children's Museum, Maggie Daley Park in Chicago, and Brooklyn Bridge Park in New York. A fundraising effort is currently underway for the park, which is expected to be fully designed in 2016 and constructed in 2017.Martin's message of peace and love of life serves as an inspiration for all of us, said Mayor Walsh. I thank all of our partners who have contributed to this important initiative, and especially the Richard family, whose strength and commitment to bettering our community exemplifies the spirit of our city.Additional sponsors include P&G Gillette, Fidelity Investments, Mayo Capital Partners LLC, John Hancock Financial, Highland Street Foundation, the Connors Family Foundation, Sherry and Allan Leventhal Foundation, and the Martin W. Richard Charitable Foundation.The project address is 64 Sleeper Street located between Seaport Boulevard and Boston Childrens Museum, just south of the Moakley Bridge on Fort Point Channel. The design, construction and maintenance endowment of this universally accessible park is estimated to cost $10 million.The parcel is currently under the ownership of the MBTA which will transfer ownership to the Boston Parks and Recreation Department with long term maintenance of the park supported by a maintenance endowment. The MBTA will perform remediation work by the start of park construction and will ensure project compliance with all DEP regulations.We are honored to make this land available and be a part of this wonderful new space where children, their families and the people of Boston can honor the life of a truly remarkable child, said Governor Charlie Baker. Additional City-owned property will be assembled to establish the permanent park boundary for the nearly one-acre park.The youngest victim of the Boston Marathon bombings, Martin Richard was eight years old. In the days after the attack, a photo of Martin holding a handmade poster that read No more hurting people. Peace was shared over the Internet and made many see Martin as a symbol of peace. This gesture of love came to define Bostons response to the bombings and inspired the work of the One Fund and One Boston Day. Martins message continues to be an active catalyst of change for Bostonians and beyond.About The Richard and Susan Smith Family Foundation(www.smithfamilyfoundation.net)The Richard and Susan Smith Family Foundation is committed to effecting permanent positive change in the lives of the residents of Greater Boston, particularly individuals and families in economically disadvantaged communities. Today, three generations of the Smith family oversee the Foundation, stewarding nearly $15 million annually in grants aimed at promoting greater health, educational attainment, and economic mobility.
Boston Public Library recently added its 100,000thdigitized item to Digital Commonwealth, providing access to digital resources of cultural heritage organizations throughout Massachusetts. Collections inDigital Commonwealth.orginclude thousands of images, documents, and sound recordings from member institutions which are openly accessible to researchers, students, and the intellectually curious.Boston Public Librarys collections are extensive and making them available online is a key way of delivering on our mission of access and education in the modern 24/7 connected world, said David Leonard, Interim President of the Boston Public Library. Digital Commonwealth is one way of showcasing the librarys digitization work to make our collections and those of our many statewide partners across the commonwealth discoverable by all.The 100,000thitem was the printHebron Barns, dating from 1938, of theThomas W. Nason prints and drawingscollection. Items from the Boston Public Library in DigitalCommonwealth.org include theBoston Pictorial Archives,Fine and Historic Bookbindings, and theAnti-SlaveryCollections of Distinction,Emily Dickinson letters and poems,imagesfromBoston Herald-Travelerphotographer Leslie Jones, postcards, prints, and more. Boston Public Library has digitized more than 152,000 items from its collection, which are housed onDigital Commonwealth.organd theInternet Archive.Providing collections digitally is increasingly important as seeking information online is a natural behavior, especially for youth, said Tom Blake, Boston Public Librarys Digital Projects Manager. Our hope is that after experiencing the BPL on our website and throughDigitalCommonwealth.org, people will come in to our physical locations to view items as well.In late 2015, Boston Public Library renewed its commitment with Digital Commonwealth to maintain and expandDigitalCommonwealth.orgas part of its statewide responsibilities as Library for the Commonwealth. Since 2010, the BPL has worked to digitize and preserve collections from more than 260 cultural institutions in 161 municipalities across Massachusetts, totaling 431,000 items in Digital Commonwealth. Recent organizations the BPL worked with to bring items into Digital Commonwealth include the USS Constitution Museum, Topsfield Historical Society, UMASS Amherst, and the West Yarmouth and Weymouth Public Libraries.In addition to its role as a partner to Digital Commonwealth, Boston Public Library serves as Library for the Commonwealth for the entire state of Massachusetts. Anyone who lives, works, or goes to school in Massachusetts can have a Boston Public Library card.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced that today throughJune 17, the City of Boston will engage thousands of area residents to provide feedback on a short list of transportation projects and policies as part of the next phase of the Go Boston 2030 Action Plan, which is the City's long range transportation plan. The City also announced a slate of projects that will be implemented in the near term to follow-up on ideas that came up repeatedly from the public during the first phase.The projects and policies are sourced from over 3,700 ideas provided by the public. People can fill out the survey online,or pick up a paper survey at various City buildings. ""Since we first launched Go Boston 2030 in January 2015, thousands of residents and visitors have been engaged in the process and have provided us with their own personal transportation stories,"" said Mayor Martin J. Walsh. ""We've listened to their questions and comments, and have taken steps to identify projects in response. We are well on our way to building community consensus on the future of transportation in Boston."" A hallmark of Go Boston 2030 has been public engagement. First, the City asked for residents to ask a question about the future of transportation to understand their hopes and aspirations over 5,000 people weighed in. Their feedback set the vision and goals for the plan. Then, the City asked the public for policy and project ideas to achieve those goals over 3,700 ideas were submitted. Now, the City is asking the public to help prioritize some of the most popular and high potential ideas. These prioritized ideas will form a core part of the City's long-term transportation plan. That plan will be released this fall. In the ideas that residents submitted, they described four complementary directions that they wanted transportation in Boston to go. These ""futures"" include:""All four futures - especially when taken together - create a transportation network that can support and unlock growth, that can increase equity and safety, and that can respond to and mitigate climate change,"" said Chris Osgood, City of Boston Chief of Streets. ""Feedback through this process will help us understand where residents are most excited for us to start.""Within each future, between eight and twelve community-suggested projects are listed, which the public is also asked to indicate their preference for. Those projects include:""The intent of these project and policy options is to determine how Bostonians want streets to best accommodate the various modes of travel that people choose to use,"" said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. ""We are committed to providing access to our streets for all users, and the survey results will give us a clear picture of which design options are preferable to residents and commuters who use these streets each day."" In addition to the long term investments, some of the most popular and pressing ideas that have been submitted have already been started by the City. These ""early actions"" include a commitment to improving the safety of our streets through the Vision Zero initiative, calming traffic in residential districts, expanding the protected bike lane and Hubway networks, collaborating with the MBTA to improve bus reliability and introduce bus rapid transit on select corridors, installing ""tactical"" public spaces in Boston's neighborhoods, and retiming traffic signals on major arterials. The online survey can be found on Go Boston 2030's website, and paper copies are being distributed throughout Boston and will be available for pick-up at public libraries, community centers, and at City Hall at the Boston Transportation Department in Room 721 and the Office of the Parking Clerk in Room 224. Paper surveys may also be mailed upon request by calling BTD at617-635-4000. "
"BOSTON -Wednesday, May 25, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the appointment of Andrew Therriault to serve as the City's first Chief Data Officer. Therriault will work to advance Boston's role as a leader in data-driven government and will lead the Citywide Analytics Team, building collaborations with outside partners and serving as the public face for the City's data analytics program.""The Citywide Analytics Team is an invaluable asset, helping to keep Boston at the forefront of data-driven solutions that provide excellent services to the people of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am excited to welcome Andrew to the team to build on our successes in using data to enhance city operations and improve quality of life for our residents. I look forward to working closely together to develop innovative ways to deliver the best possible services to the people of Boston.""Therriault will join the City's team after serving as Director of Data Science for the Democratic National Committee, in Washington, D.C. He previously served as Senior Data Scientist for Greenberg Quinlan Rosner Research and Director of Research for Pivotal Targeting. A native of Haverhill, Therriault completed B.A, M.A. and Ph.D. degrees at New York University and a postdoctoral fellowship at Vanderbilt University.This new position builds on the momentum of the Citywide Analytics Team initiatives, which just recently announced the launch of the City's newdata dashboardthat tracks the demographics of the City's workforce. In addition, the Citywide Analytics Team also released its first annualYear-In-Review, which highlights several case studies from 2015 in which data was used to improve quality of life and improve government operations.As a member of the leadership team of the Department of Innovation and Technology, Therriault will manage Boston's Citywide Analytics and GIS Teams. Therriault will also work closely with other Chiefs and Commissioners to expand the use of visualization and analytics to improve operations throughout the City.""I am thrilled to be joining Boston's Citywide Analytics Team as the city's first Chief Data Officer,"" Therriault said. ""Local governments have a tremendous impact on their citizens' lives, and Boston has been a pioneer in using data and analytics to improve every aspect of City services. It's an exciting time to be part of such an innovative and growing department, and I look forward to leading the Citywide Analytics Team to even greater heights ahead.""The Citywide Analytics Team has led more than a dozen projects across the city, which are captured in their first annualYear-In-Review.Highlights include:The Citywide Analytics Team uses data to improve quality of life and enhance government operations in the City of Boston. By combining modern data analysis and visualizations with a deeply engaged approach to performance improvement and change management, the team works with departments across the City to solve challenging problems, build a more effective government and deliver better outcomes for the people who live and work in Boston."
"To help protect tenants and preserve the city's moderately priced housing stock, Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the City of Boston has earmarked $7.5 million of Inclusionary Development funds to support the acquisition of occupied rental housing.Through the new Acquisition Opportunity Program, the Department of Neighborhood Development will provide subordinate loans to help responsible investor-owners acquire occupied, multi-family rental properties. Property owners assisted through the program will be required to maintain the tenancies of residents in good standing and will also be required to maintain affordable rent levels for the units in the property for a minimum of 50 years.""Boston is committed to making our city a home for everyone, no matter their age, background or financial status. This $7.5 million investment is another leap towards creating affordable housing for all our residents,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We are committed to growing our affordable housing stock, and programs like the Acquisition Opportunity Program ensures Boston residents will not be priced out of their homes and neighborhoods.""The Acquisition Opportunity Program is designed to increase the share of Boston's rental housing stock that is protected from market forces, creating affordable housing for Boston residents who cannot afford market rate rents. To participate in the program, a developer or owner must agree that a minimum of 40 percent of the units will be restricted for low and moderate-income families. In addition, funding preference will be given to developments that have either a higher number of restricted units or have units restricted to lower incomes.The program will also prevent displacement of tenants threatened by the forces of gentrification by ensuring that their apartments will not become unaffordable over the long term. To ensure this, the program is only available for investor-owned rental properties that are either fully or partially occupied. To participate, developers are required to agree that no tenant in good standing will be displaced from their unit.In conversations with the community, affordable housing developers and nonprofits, the City found affordable housing developers can be outpaced in the housing market because private investors often have access to capital and cash that may not be as readily available to affordable housing developers. The Acquisition Opportunity Program offers a solution to this challenge by offering developers the opportunity to pre-qualify for a set amount of funding. This pre-qualification will enable potential buyers to be more nimble and competitive in Boston's fast-moving real estate market.Development teams will pre-qualify for the program by demonstrating they have the experience and financial capacity to undertake an Acquisition Opportunity project, and have the management experience to successfully operate the properties long-term. Through a competitive RFP process, development teams will be selected and will receive certification from the City for the requested amount of their loan. Once pre-qualified, teams can begin looking for properties. When a property is identified, the prospective buyer can then make an offer, confirm that offer with the City and close on the sale efficiently."
Boston Public Library offers a wealth of author talks and book sales throughout the month of June visitwww.bpl.org/calendarfor a complete list.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
Mayor Walsh today offered the following remarks at the White House State and Local Gun Violence Prevention Convening in Washington D.C.The White House convened a group of state and local elected officials from all 50 states who have been leaders in the fight to address gun violence to engage with senior Administration officials and to exchange information about steps they are taking in their communities.Remarks of Mayor Walsh as Prepared for Delivery:I want to thank PresidentObama, Vice PresidentBiden, and the Administration for hosting this convening. I want to thank my fellow mayors: San Francisco MayorEdLeeand Milwaukee MayorTomBarrett. Thank you to the leaders from all50states for being here.Thank you, Attorney GeneralMauraHealeyfor joining me in representing Massachusetts. Thank you to our moderator,BrianKavanagh, Founder of American State Legislators for Gun Violence Prevention. -I also want to thank my fellow panelists:BeaHanson, from the Office on Violence Against Women, Connecticut GovernorMalloy, and Los Angeles City AttorneyFeuer.Gun violence is one of the definingchallengesof our time--- it is a scourge devastating both children and adults. All of us in this room are taking action, on many levels, to stop gun violence. We havesuccessto show for it. In Boston, we've seen homicides drop more than half since the mid-90s(1995,98homicides vs. 2015,40)But we know that evenonegun-related death is too many---We must do more. We can't affordnotto. As city and state leaders, we are looking for national leadership on this issue.I commend PresidentObamafor his Executive Actions on Gun Control.As leaders ourselves, we must also take our own Executive Actions to address gun violence. We need acoordinatedapproach, across all levels. For instance, in Boston, we know gun violence isn't just a Boston problem-it's aNew Englandproblem.70%of Boston's crime guns come from other states-states with weaker gun laws.So we convenedRegional Gun Summits. We've organized regional and coordinated responses, reaching out to over80cities. At our most recent gun summit, we announced a pilot program with national non-profit,Arms With Ethics. They'll work closely with our law enforcement to createcustomized projectsto prevent illegal flow and use of guns.We're reaching out to ourresidents&responsible gun owners--- something that hasn't been done before. We've gotten positive feedback. It's clear they want to be part of the solution, too.We're taking many more steps on a local level: We'reanalyzing traced gunsfor research purposes. We have a successfulgun buyback program. We also instituted acitywide ban on replica handguns: a move that will save many children's lives. We're educating women about thedanger of holding gunsfor their partners.We know that gun violence is very complicated. It overlaps with other community problems: likeillegal drug use,domestic violence, andmental illness. We need to make sure all of our systems and agencies are talking to one another and working together. And we need to make sureevery levelof government is working together.I want to applaud the governor and state legislators for the action you've all taken to combat gun violence in your own states. I urge you to keep collaborating with your mayors as well. We are on the frontlines of this problem. And all of us share the responsibility to end gun violence. Only together can we make that happen. Thank you.
This month, were using the blog to share what were hearing from Bostonians about how to achieve the four goals outlined in our report,Guiding Growth: Towards an Inclusive City. In the last two weeks, weve talked aboutinclusive economic growthand providingquality of life in accessible neighborhoods.In this post, we will explore some of the solutions Bostonians have proposed that support our third goal: promote a healthy environment and adapt to climate change. Much of the feedback weve heard from the Boston community has reflected the need to prepare the city for climate change and create a healthy environment citywide. Many comments on coUrbanize expressed interest in creating more green space and utilizing existing space in different ways to address climate risks:In an effort to enhance Imagine Bostons work around climate-related issues, with a particular focus on unlocking the potential of Bostons entire waterfront, the Barr Foundation recently awarded the city a$210,000 grant for waterfront planning. The funding will support a detailed assessment and visioning process that defines how the resources of the waterfront can be used to contribute to the four goals of Imagine Boston.Setting the stage for investments between now and 2030, Imagine Boston will prioritize creating a vibrant waterfront, protecting critical infrastructure from climate-related events, continuing to be a global leader in reducing greenhouse gas emissions, and improving neighborhood quality of life and climate resilience. With creative ideas from Bostonians, we will work to achieve a more sustainable future by promoting environmental health and protecting Bostonians from the risks posed by climate change.Have an idea for how Boston can promote environmental health?Share itand connect with us onTwitter,FacebookandInstagramusing #ImagineBoston. You can also sign up for Imagine Bostonupdates.
The Boston Parks and Recreation Department and Boston Public Health Commission (BPHC) will launch the 2016 Boston Parks Summer Fitness Series sponsored by Blue Cross Blue Shield on Wednesday, June 1, from 5:30 p.m. to 7 p.m. at Copley Square.The three-month series brings 21 free fitness classes per week to parks in 11 different neighborhoods across the city, aiming to activate these spaces while increasing opportunities for physical activity across all of Bostons neighborhoods.At Blue Cross, our vision is for all Massachusetts residents to live a healthy lifestyle by increasing their access to positive environments and experiences that inspire healthy eating and physical activity, said Jeff Bellows, Vice President of Corporate Citizenship and Public Affairs at Blue Cross. The Boston Parks Summer Fitness improves the quality of life and health for Boston residents by providing activities which are fun and accessible to people at all fitness levels. We are proud to partner with the City of Boston on this innovative program.While Boston was ranked the sixth healthiest city in the country in the American College of Sports Medicines 2013 American Fitness Index, obesity rates remain a challenge. According to the 2014-2015 Health of Boston Report, 22% of adults and 14% of high school students are obese. These rates are even higher among communities of color. Only about half of adults in Boston report exercising regularly.By engaging in a citywide effort to increase opportunities for physical activity, the Parks Department and BPHC aim to decrease rates of obesity for all of Bostons residents. This years series looks to build upon previous program efforts by expanding the number of parks that offer free classes to city residents and making them more accessible to all neighborhoods. In extending this opportunity into the neighborhoods, the Boston Parks Summer Fitness Series aims to further reduce barriers to active living and achieve the goal of ensuring that Bostonians across the city have ample opportunity to be active.The June 1 kick-off event will feature a free high-energy, hour-long Zumba class open to all fitness levels and provide an introduction to all that the series has to offer Bostonians this summer including salsa dancing, yoga, tai chi, Zumba, boot camp, line dancing, and more. Polar Beverages will provide free water at the event. This years series will include classes specifically for seniors, children and families. Fitness classes will be offered from June 6 to September 2.
"BOSTON- Monday, May 23, 2016 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced he has been invited to the White House State and Local Gun Violence Prevention Convening onTuesday, May24 in Washington, D.C. The White House is convening a group of state and local elected officialsfrom all 50 states who have been leaders in the fight to address gun violence to engage with senior Administration officials and to exchange information about steps they are taking in their communities. Boston Police Commissioner William Evans will join the Mayor at the summit.""I am honored to accept the White House's invitation to discuss concrete examples of how mayors can address the gun violence that plagues too many of our communities,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""Gun violence is one of thedefiningchallenges of our time.We know that in order to get illegal guns off of streets and out of the wrong hands, we must work with our regional and national partners on commonsense strategies that work.""The Mayor will participate in a morning session at the Center for American Progress about executive actions to address gun violence, and will address attendeesat an afternoon session at the White House on state and local actions on preventing gun violence and domestic violence. Vice President Joe Biden will addressparticipantsat the close of the White House session.Earlier this year, President Obama announced a series of commonsense steps to keep guns out of the wrong hands, to make communities safer from gun violence, to increase mental health treatment and reporting, and to help shape the future of gun safety technology.Under the leadership of Mayor Walsh and Commissioner Evans, Boston is leading the charge in taking a regional approach to addressing gun violence. Last year, the City of Boston commissioned a study and analysis, tracing data from crime guns recovered by the Boston Police over a period of six years. The results reinforced the need to have collective, regional efforts to reduce the number of firearms accessible to those who wish to use them for criminal purposes. Since then,Mayor Walsh has convened four New England gun summits with municipal officials and law enforcement leaders from nearly 80 cities and towns across the New England regionto share strategies to reduce gun violence and reduce trafficking of illegal firearms. To date, significant actions have been taken by cities across the region. Following Mayor Walsh and Commissioner Evans' outreach to responsible gun owners, several cities in the region have also reached out to engage responsible gun owners on firearm storage and safety, offering guidance on recent updates to state law regarding reporting requirements for lost and stolen firearms, and in some cities, even providing free firearm locks. After the City of Boston implemented the Replica Handgun Ban in 2015, several cities in New England have begun to explore implementing similar measures. In April, Mayor Walsh announced a $25,000 grant from the Boston Foundation (TBF), that will engage the non-profit Arms With Ethics to work with Boston to lead a multi-city pilot program in the New England region to develop customized law enforcement-led projects focused on preventing the illegal flow and illegal use of guns."
"BOSTON  Friday, May 22, 2015 - Mayor Martin J. Walsh today joined City officials to highlight the cross-departmental measures the City of Boston is taking to keep residents and visitors safe this summer.  ""Summer should be a time of joy and fun, and the City of Boston has wonderful programming lined up for City Hall Plaza and in parks and community centers across the neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We encourage people to make the most of summer in the city. But its also a time when certain risks are higher, so please: be smart and be safe."" In addition to the Citys significant investment in summer jobs, paid internships, summer school, and summer camps and activities, the Mayor also emphasized the need to specifically connect with those most at risk and in need. Police:Fireworks:Outdoor Fires and Grilling:Window Guards:Deck, Porch and Roof Usage:Water and Swimming Safety:Heat Safety:Animal Bites:'Lead Safe' Home Renovations:Bike Safety:Mosquitoes and Ticks:Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) Summer Programs:Boston Parks Department Summer Programs: The Boston Parks Department hosts participatory and performing arts events through the ParkArts program during the summer months. Programs include music concerts, movie nights, a marionette puppet series, watercolor painting workshops, and craft workshops. In addition, the Boston Parks Department, in partnership with the Boston Public Health Commission, are hosting free fitness activities in parks citywide, including yoga, boot camp, tai chi, zumba and more. For a list of these events please visitwww.cityofboston.gov/parks.This past year, Mayor Walsh moved the citywide recreation unit back to the Boston Parks and Recreation Department. The Recreation Unit offers many sports programs throughout the summer including Boston Neighborhood Basketball League, baseball, softball, tennis and golf programs. We also offer three free sports centers for kids in Dorchester, East Boston and South Boston that teach fundamentals of training and condition, sportsmanship, nutrition, wellness and self-esteem. "
The Boston Parks and Recreation Department, the Massachusetts Golf Association (MGA), and the John D. Mineck Foundation are teaming up to offer young people (ages 7 to 17) an opportunity to participate in the First Tee of Massachusetts junior golf program at the William Devine Golf Course in Franklin Park.The First Tee of Massachusetts was established in 2003 in hopes of bringing the game of golf to the Bay State's underprivileged and at-risk youth. Taught by PGA professionals, the sessions will begin July 11 and end the week of August 22, Monday through Thursday from 8:30 a.m. to 10:30 a.m. (for 7 to 11-year-olds) and 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. (for 12 to 17-year-olds). The program is free to Boston residents. Non-residents are welcome to enroll for a fee of $75. To register, please go to www.thefirstteemass.org.The First Tee introduces the game of golf and its inherent values to young people. Since its inception in 1997, The First Tee has grown into a robust youth service organization, impacting the lives of more than 9 million young people and exposing them to core values and life skills. Participants progress through a series of golf lessons, and are introduced to the different aspects of a golf course including the green, tee, fairway, rough, bunkers, and water hazards. They are also shown the basic elements of the game of golf and the swing, including distance and accuracy control, course management, how to score, pace of play, and proper grip, stance, and posture.On-course play takes place from week two through week seven. In addition to golf, participants are introduced to the nine core values inherent to the game including honesty, integrity, confidence, responsibility, perseverance, sportsmanship, judgment, respect, and courtesy.The program also helps participants become comfortable with introducing themselves to others, meeting new people, learning something new, setting goals, and properly managing conflict. These life skills are useful for the participants both on and off the golf course.For more information, please contact Joe McCabe at jmccabe@mgalinks.org or (774) 430-9109 or visit The First Tee of Massachusetts at www.thefirstteemass.org.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that he will attend the RECon conventiononSunday, May 22 and Monday, May 23where he will have the opportunity to meet with a widerange of national and international business leaders. RECon is the global convention hosted by the International Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC). ""In Boston, we are committed to continuing our strong economic growth and job creation, andRECon presents us with an incredible opportunity to showcase what Boston has to offer on a world stage and recruit more business to our city,""said Mayor Walsh. On Sundayevening, Mayor Walsh will be the featured speaker at the Brown Rudnick opening reception, which expects to attract hundreds of retailers, architects, investors and developers. On Monday, the Mayor will have several opportunities to connect with retail real estate professionals around the world about the benefits of locating to, or growing in, Boston. The Mayor and his Administration are committed to strengthening Boston's economy, continuing to create jobs for Boston's residents and positioning the city for growth in national and international markets. This trip builds on the recent momentum of world-renowned businesses choosing to grow in Boston, including General Electric and Converse. He will be joined by his Chief of Staff Dan Koh and Sara Myerson, Director of Planning for the Boston Redevelopment Authority.RECon will host 36,000 attendees and 1,000 exhibitors and will take place in Las Vegas, NV."
Bostons Bike to Work Day Festival will take place on City Hall Plaza from 7 AM to 9 AM on Friday, May 20th, in celebration of National Bike Month and Bay State Bike Week. Twelve bicycle convoys will ride to the festival from Boston and the surrounding region, nearly 30 bike-friendly companies will establish exhibit tents, and complimentary breakfast will be provided to cyclists. The Boston Transportation Department (BTD) is inviting residents, commuters and visitors to attend and learn about the many bike activities and amenities that are available across the City of Boston for all to enjoy.Festival attendees will have the opportunity to learn how to load their bikes onto an MBTA bus parked on City Hall Plaza, and about blind spots for bus drivers. Fun, free festival activities will include making spoke cards, posing at a photo booth, and riding a unicorn bike in a slow race where the last person wins!The City of Boston is pleased to be celebrating National Bike Month and Bay State Bike Week with the tens of thousands of people in the greater Boston area who bicycle as a mode of transportation, for exercise, or just for fun, said Chris Osgood, City of Boston Chief of Streets. Boston offers miles of off-road bike paths and on-street bike lanes, over a hundred Hubway bikeshare stations, and other amenities to help people ride bikes to their destinations, near and far, safely and conveniently.Whether you choose to bike, walk, take public transportation or ride in a private motor vehicle, you are welcome on local streets in the City of Boston, said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. We are committed to safe, multimodal streets and we will continue to work to improve bicycling in Boston. I look forward to a healthy National Bike to Work Day in Boston this year.Riding a bike is great exercise and cost-effective, and, most importantly, the most fun way to get around, said Stefanie Seskin, BTDs Active Transportation Director. Riding a bike is perfect for short trips to the store, to church, to the park, or to work.In addition to participating in National Bike to Work Day and adopting the healthy habit of riding your bike to get you where you need to go, the following are a few recommendations from the Boston Bikes team for enjoying bike activities in the city this spring and summer.For additional information on upcoming bike activities in Boston and the surrounding region, please visit the City of Boston calendar.
"Today, Mayor Walsh released the following statement:""I am deeply concerned about today's news. Everyone who knows Ken knows him to be a good and hardworking person. We will continue to work with the U.S. Attorney's Office to get to the bottom of this. Everyone in my administration should know that there is only one way to do things and that is the right way.""Statement from Laura Oggeri,Chief Communications Officer for the City of Boston:""The Mayor asked Attorney Brian Kelly to review the city's interactions with Top Chef last year and he produced a report that concluded no city employee was involved in any illegal activities.Attorney Kelly has also been reviewing Boston Calling and he is conducting a comprehensive review of the Office of Tourism, Sports and Entertainment to ensure that the proper policies and procedures are in place. ""Ken Brissette is currently on paid administrative leave."""
On Saturday, May 21, the Boston Public Library Presidential Search Committee will present: Jill Bourne, City Librarian for the San Jos Public Library David Leonard, Interim President of the Boston Public Library and Andrea Senz, First Deputy Commissioner for the Chicago Public Library to the Library Board of Trustees to be interviewed for the position of BPL President. The interviews are open to the public and will be held in the Commonwealth Salon at the Central Library in Copley Square beginning at 8 a.m.The three candidate interviews will be conducted in succession by the BPL Board of Trustees. Each interview will be one hour and 15 minutes in length, followed by a brief break between interviews. At the conclusion of the three interviews, the Trustees will vote to extend an offer of employment as President of the Boston Public Library to the selected finalist.The public is invited to observe the interviews and may submit suggested interview questions prior to the meeting via the email addressSearchChair@bpl.org.BPL Presidential Candidate BiosJill Bourne, City Librarian for the San Jos Public LibraryJill Bourne was appointed City Librarian for the San Jos Public Library (SJPL) in 2013, a system that includes 23 branch libraries and the Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Library, operated in partnership with San Jos State University.Jills first post in California was as Deputy City Librarian in San Francisco, which she held from 2006-2013. She began her professional career at the Seattle Public Library where she held several positions over nine years  childrens librarian, youth materials selector, head of the Central Library, and, finally, Assistant Director for Public Services.Jill holds a bachelors degree in English from New York University and a masters in Library and Information Science from the University of Washington.David Leonard, Interim President of the Boston Public LibraryDavid Leonard is the Interim President at the Boston Public Library. Prior to his appointment in 2015, he was the Director of Administration and Technology (a position he still holds concurrently). In his seven years at the BPL, David has also served at various times as both the acting Director of Administration & Finance and separately as acting Chief Financial Officer. He was first hired as the Chief Technology Officer in 2009. David recently began a PhD program in Library Information Science at Simmons College.Prior to the Boston Public Library, David initially pursued an academic career, transitioned to the non-profit sector and then spent ten years in the private IT consulting world in roles that spanned business development, management and technology consulting, working on both strategic and tactical projects and services. David holds a Bachelors Degree in Philosophy and Mathematics and a Masters Degree in Philosophy from the University College Dublin. He originally came to Boston for post graduate work in the Philosophy doctoral program at Boston College.Andrea Senz, First Deputy Commissioner for the Chicago Public LibraryAndrea Senz serves as First Deputy Commissioner for the Chicago Public Library, a citywide system of 80 neighborhood branches. Before joining the Library in 2012, Andrea served as chief of staff to Chicago Public Schools CEO. She was previously policy advisor to the Assistant Secretary of Vocational and Adult Education at the US Department of Education in Washington, DC and executive director of the Hispanic Alliance for Career Enhancement (HACE), a national organization working collaboratively with business and non-profit employers, universities and schools to increase Latinos access to and success in professional and management careers.Andrea completed graduate studies as a fellow at the University of Pennsylvania Fels Institute of Government. She holds a Bachelors degree in Latin American studies from Scripps College and a Masters degree in government administration from the University of Pennsylvania. Andrea is from Quito, Ecuador and grew up in Los Angeles, California.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a childrens room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org.
"During a celebrationMondayevening, Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced the strategic rebranding ofSPARKBoston, formerly known as the Mayor's ONEin3 initiative, to help draw a larger and more diverse range ofBoston's millennials into civic participation. The rebranding is part of a concerted effort by the City ofBostonto better engage, communicate and collaborate with residents between the ages of 20-34, a demographic that comprises over a third of the city's overall population.""The City ofBoston's vibrant and diverse millennial population is one of our greatest assets,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We know that our young people care deeply about this city and its future, and we recognize the need for new tools and strategies to interact with them. It is our intention throughSPARKBostonto tap into the energy and creativity of our young leaders to encourage them to rethink civic engagement and empower them to have an impact, make a different andsparkchange in their own communities."" SPARKBostonbuilds on Mayor Walsh's proactive engagement ofBoston's young adults by encouraging their active participation in the city's policies and programs. Young adults make up about 45 percent of eligible voters and nearly half of the city's workforce. They are an economic engine, adding $1 billion annually in goods and services toBoston. ""Since 2004, ONEin3 has been helping young adults build relationships and strengthen their personal and professional networks here inBoston,"" said Erin Santhouse, Director ofSPARKBoston. ""While this remains a vital function of the program,SPARKBostonwill focus on engaging the next generation of civic leaders and social entrepreneurs in the work of city government. This will shape how the City designs and develops policies, convenes stakeholders for important initiatives, and works collaboratively with young people to shapeBoston's future."" The celebration drew over 300young adults to the TD Garden, including 300 members of theSPARKCouncil. During the event, Mayor Walsh encouraged attendees to become involved inSPARKBostonand other city programs. Fifteen City ofBostondepartments and related programs were on-site to showcase their initiatives, distribute informational materials, promote upcoming events, recruit volunteers, register new voters, sign people up for mailing lists and more. The following departments and programs were in attendance: Greenovate, RenewBoston, GoBoston2030,BostonHome Center, Mayor's Health Line, Office of Recovery Services, ImagineBoston2030, Mayor's Housing Innovation Lab, Women EntrepreneursBoston, Mayor's Office of Women's Advancement, Elections Department, Mayor's Mentoring Movement, City Hall To Go,Boston311, Department of Innovation and Technology and StartHub. For more information aboutSPARKBoston, please visithereor follow them onTwitter. "
March 2016 saw the release ofGuiding Growth: Towards an Inclusive City, Imagine Boston 2030s first report which outlined four goals to ensure Bostons growth makes the city more inclusive and innovative:Since the report was released, Bostonians have shared great ideas with us about their vision for the future of Boston by attending community workshops and leaving comments oncoUrbanize.In this post, well take a look at some of the comments residents provided that support our second goal: to drive inclusive economic growth.Since our community outreach efforts began last fall, Bostonians have affirmed the need to guide growth to make Boston more inclusive and ensure that Bostonians in all neighborhoods have access to opportunity. Many comments on coUrbanize expressed an interest in improving job training and access to quality employment and education. A significant number of residents also shared ideas that proposed utilizing existing space in different ways, including new types of working spaces and space for small businesses.As Imagine Boston looks ahead to 2030, we will work to connect Bostonians to quality careers, support small businesses and create the quality of life and space to attract new companies and residents. Together, these efforts will allow us to guide growth to make Boston more innovative and inclusive.Have an idea for how Boston can grow inclusively?Share itand connect with us onTwitter,FacebookandInstagramusing #ImagineBoston. You can also sign up for Imagine Bostonupdates.
During a celebrationMondayevening, MayorMartin J.Walshannounced the strategic rebranding ofSPARKBoston, formerly known as theMayor's ONEin3 initiative, to help draw a larger and more diverse range ofBoston's millennials into civic participation. The rebranding is part of a concerted effort by the City ofBostonto better engage, communicate and collaborate with residents between the ages of 20-34, a demographic that comprises over a third of the city's overall population.
"The following statement can be attributed to Laura Oggeri, Chief Communications Officer for the City of Boston:""The Mayor has championedmaking diversity data of Boston's employees public, both through the diversity dashboard released this month as well as last year's workforce report. The Boston Globe has always had that data readily available to them. The Mayor's concern continues to be respecting the privacy of city employees who may not wish to have their names attached to their race information in the press."""
In a short time, we received an incredible amount of very thoughtful feedback. We saw more than 3500 views of the online plan and more than 250 people shared their thoughts.This reinforces what we already knew: people are engaged and enthusiastic about a strategic vision and framework for the arts in Boston. This is critical as the implementation of the plan will depend on your engagement and support.While the public comment period is closed, you can still read the draft plan onlinehere. You can also downloada PDF version of the plan here. Over the next few weeks, the Boston Creates team will be reviewing all of the feedback. Bostons cultural plan will officially launch on June 17, 2016 and then work will get underway as we aim to align people, ideas and resources around a shared vision for arts, culture, and creativity.The effort has already begun, as evidenced by the excitement and energy around the process. The launch of the plan will truly be the beginning of a cultural shift for our city, where we all embrace and encourage greater inclusivity, collaboration, leadership and resources in support of the arts and culture sector. We cant wait to get started.
"Today Mayor Martin J. Walsh launched the Adams Street Branch Library Project and highlighted capital investments planned at libraries across the Boston Public Library system, which total over $90 million in his FY17-21 Building a Better Boston Capital Plan. A community celebration for the announcement was held at the Adams Street Branch in Dorchester, where the $12.6 million project will renew the branch library, reflect the Boston Public Library Compass principles and support the needs of the neighborhood.""Investing in the Boston Public Library means investing in the futures of all Boston residents our libraries are critical access points where we gather as one community to seek information and knowledge,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am committed to reinvigorating our locations throughout the city.""The FY17-21 Building a Better Boston Capital Plan continues to demonstrate Mayor Walsh's strong commitment to revitalizing the Boston Public Library's historic Central Library in Copley Square and its branches throughout Boston's neighborhoods. Investing in Boston's neighborhood branches helps ensure a vital and vibrant community. In today's society, libraries serve as conduits for information, spaces in which citizens and neighbors meet and collaborate, and of course, as access points for reading and literacy. Among a range of services for life-long learning, the Library offers Boston's youths a safe place to learn and access additional educational opportunities, and provide today's citizens with resources for furthering skills and exploring new job opportunities.Through a study of the Adams Branch Library project, the City will assess whether a building renovation, addition, or new construction best contributes to the neighborhood's vibrancy and meets community needs. Throughout the study and design process for the project, the Walsh Administration will host several community meetings to discuss possibilities for the branch.The Mayor's Building a Better Boston Capital Plan includes additional projects such as:Commencement of design and construction for Roslindale Branch budgeted at $6.7 millionBeginning construction at the Dudley Branch Library, which has a total project cost of $14.7 million andContinued construction on the renovation of the Jamaica Plain Branch, estimated at $10 million.The $78 million Central Library renovation which enriches library services and visitors' experience, expands Children's and Teen areas updates building systems, enhances reading study, technology and learning areas, and improves accessibility will open this summer. The five year capital plan also budgets for future branch projects and improved library infrastructure.""These improvements will provide services and experiences that will enliven communities and make these locations go-to destinations for educational resources and opportunities to grow, learn, and thrive in the City of Boston,"" said Boston Public Library Interim President David Leonard. ""I want to thank Mayor Walsh for his commitment to the Boston Public Library system.""Any proposed library renovation or new construction starts with a 12-15 month programming study to gauge community need a 6-12 month design process when an architect is selected and architectural plans are drawn up, prior to a groundbreaking.About BOSTON PUBLIC LIBRARYBoston Public Library has a Central Library, twenty-four branches, map center, business library, and a website filled with digital content and services. Established in 1848, the Boston Public Library has pioneered public library service in America. It was the first large free municipal library in the United States, the first public library to lend books, the first to have a branch library, and the first to have a children's room. Each year, the Boston Public Library hosts thousands of programs and serves millions of people. All of its programs and exhibitions are free and open to the public. At the Boston Public Library, books are just the beginning. To learn more, visitbpl.org."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh and Boston Police Commissioner William Evans today released the following statement regarding the auction of the gun that was used to kill Trayvon Martin:""We are deeply troubled that someone would look to profit from a tragedy that caused so much pain and turmoil across our country. In Boston, our focus is taking guns off the streets and out of the wrong hands. We believe this gun should be destroyed, so no more lives can be lost."""
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that Imagine Boston 2030, the city wide planning effort, will enhance its focus on the potential of Boston's waterfront through the support of a $210,000 grant from theBarr Foundation. The importance of Boston's waterfront - from its value as one of the city's greatest natural resources to its cultural significance, potential for economic development, and vulnerability to climate change - has emerged as an early theme identified by residents through Imagine Boston 2030's outreach efforts.""Our waterfront is one of Boston's most cherished and valuable resources, and I thank the Barr Foundation for taking an active role in its future,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""We want everyone, in all of our neighborhoods, to have the opportunity to experience and enjoy our waterfront and I look forward to enhancing these public places, while also protecting our city."" In conjunction with HR&A Advisors and Utile, who are the lead consultants for Imagine Boston 2030, the City will look to define how the resources of the waterfront can contribute to the four proposed goals of Imagine Boston: provide quality of life in accessible neighborhoods drive inclusive economic growth promote a healthy environment and adapt to climate change and invest in infrastructure, open space and culture. The baseline assessment and comprehensive waterfront vision will lay the groundwork for unlocking the enormous potential of the entire waterfront.  While the exact areas of focus have not been finalized,the breadth of the assessment and visioning will extend across the city's waterfront from East Boston, to downtown, to the Fort Point Channel, to Dorchester, to the Charles River Basin.  ""Boston's waterfront is a treasure,"" said Jim Canales, President of the Barr Foundation, ""To preserve, protect, and enhance it for generations to come, we must embrace a long-term view and consider the needs of all of Boston's residents. We are grateful that Barr's engagement will allow the expansion of the Imagine Boston 2030 process, in order to develop an ambitious, responsible, actionable vision for Boston's waterfront."" Key interventions are required along much of Boston's waterfront to protect vital economic assets and communities vulnerable to the risks of climate change. The planning effort will evaluate how underutilized tracts of land on the waterfront can be transformed into attractive public spaces and serve as a catalyst for job growth and mixed-use development in a way that is sensitive to environmental vulnerabilities. The city and its partners will work with community members to chart a vision for enhancing common connections along the waterfront through a new network of parks and open spaces. Planners will begin the comprehensive vision by investigating the factors that control and shape waterfront development, assessing challenges and opportunities in the process. Particular attention will be paid to environmental conditions and vulnerabilities, market and demographic trends, development activity, existing regulations, and strategies for implementing change. Using the baseline assessment, the city will collaborate with residents, city departments, and other key stakeholders to develop a broad and compelling vision for the waterfront. The grant from Barr was awarded to the Boston Redevelopment Authority (BRA), which is coordinating an extensive team of city departments and external partners working on Imagine Boston 2030. ""At its core Imagine Boston is about engagement and elevating the voices of residents in a conversation about what we want Boston to be in the future,"" said Brian Golden, Director of the BRA. ""We have heard from thousands of community members since the process began last year, and we are eager to expand this work through strategic partnerships with organizations such as the Barr Foundation."""
In celebration of National Bike Month and Bay State Bike Week, the Boston Transportation Department (BTD) is inviting residents, commuters and visitors to join Bostons National Bike to Work Day Festival on Boston City Hall Plaza on Friday, May 20thfrom 7 AM to 9 AM. BTD encourages Bostonians to continue the celebration by taking advantage of the many bike activities and amenities that are available across the city.Cyclists will be greeted at Bostons National Bike to Work Day Festival on Friday, May 20thwith a complimentary breakfast and a wide array of bike-friendly exhibitors. Volunteers will lead convoys of bike riders to City Hall from locations throughout the region at set meet-up times. Fun, free festival activities will include making spoke cards, posing at a photo booth, and riding in a slow race where the last person wins! In addition, there will be a hands-on demonstration for festival attendees to learn how to load their bikes on an MBTA bus parked on the Plaza and about blind spots for bus drivers.The City of Boston is pleased to be celebrating National Bike Month and Bay State Bike Week with the tens of thousands of people in the greater Boston area who bicycle as a mode of transportation, for exercise, or just for fun, said Chris Osgood, City of Boston Chief of Streets. Boston offers miles of off-road bike paths and on-street bike lanes, over a hundred Hubway bikeshare stations, and other amenities to help people ride bikes to their destinations, near and far, safely and conveniently.Whether you choose to bike, walk, take public transportation or ride in a private motor vehicle, you are welcome on local streets in the City of Boston, said Boston Transportation Commissioner Gina N. Fiandaca. We are committed to safe, multimodal streets and we will continue to work to improve bicycling in Boston. I look forward to a healthy National Bike to Work Day in Boston this year.Riding a bike is great exercise and cost-effective, and, most importantly, the most fun way to get around, said Stefanie Seskin, BTDs Active Transportation Director. Riding a bike is perfect for short trips to the store, to church, to the park, or to work.In addition to participating in National Bike to Work Day and adopting the healthy habit of riding your bike to get you where you need to go, the following are a few recommendations from the Boston Bikes team for enjoying bike activities in the city this spring and summer.For additional information on upcoming bike activities in Boston and the surrounding region, please visit the City of Boston's calendar.
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced three public meetings for the community to discuss a new low-power FM (LPFM) radio station for Boston that will go on-air in June of this year. Broadcasting on 102.9 FM under the call sign WBCA, the station will be programmed and operated by Boston Neighborhood Network (BNN) as a community radio station. BNN will hold three public meetings from6:30 to 8:00 p.m.on:""I encourage residents to come out and discuss how our new community radio station can best serve our neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank BNN for their partnership with the city to create another platform for civic engagement."" ""As a community and local media resource, we know how important it is to gather ideas from our neighbors about different types of programming,"" said Curtis Henderson, General Manager for BNN. ""BNN is looking forward to developing radio programming for Boston's LPFM. We are proud and grateful that Mayor Walsh has asked us to take on the task of developing a radio presence that will truly represent the people and the cultures of Boston's diverse neighborhoods. BNN has the background and experience in community media to make this a success."" Boston's WBCA 102.9 FM will operate6:00 p.m. - 2:00 a.m.daily. Initially, early evening broadcasting will feature current BNN programming including BNN Live studio programs and Boston Neighborhood Network News nightly at9:00 p.m. BNN will also develop late evening programming as a resource for local artists, bands, musicians, poets and performers. The recent series of ""Boston Creates"" Town Hall meetings revealed a strong interest by local talent in not only performing music and spoken word, but also engaging local youth in mentoring and training. BNN will also develop new opportunities for community participation.Because multiple qualified community organizations applied for the one available LPFM license for the Boston market, a sharing agreement was created under FCC guidelines. The signal is shared with Lasell College from10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., daily and Global Ministries from2:00 a.m. to 10:00 a.m. BNN BackgroundBoston Neighborhood Network Television (BNN) is a nationally recognized community media center and 501(c)(3) nonprofit, that acts as a public forum for all Boston residents, nonprofit and community-based organizations, providing them with affordable training and access to emerging media technologies. BNN-TV has proven to be an effective resource serving all communities of Boston, including groups whose first language is other than English.. BNN channels feature over 1,000 programs annually for new immigrants or in languages other than English. BNN currently offers television programming in: Spanish, French, Russian, Haitian Creole, Amharic, Arabic, Chinese, Irish, Albanian, Portuguese, Cape Verdean Creole, Greek, and Vietnamese. Boston Neighborhood Network currently manages two community television channels: BNN ""News and Information"" (Comcast 9, RCN 15) and BNN ""Community TV"" (Comcast 23, RCN 83), and streams all programming onwww.bnntv.org. FCC LPFM BackgroundIn 2013, the FCC opened up applications for Low-Power FM (LPFM) Radio licenses to community and civic organizations. This was the first license application window in more than 10 years for local Low-Power FM Radio licenses. The City of Boston applied for the open FCC LPFM license to provide public safety programming to Boston residents via LPFM radio on a regular and frequent basis as a source of news and information and, also, in the event of any local or regional emergency.  Boston was granted a license-to-construct permit in 2015 for a new FCC Low Power FM (LPFM) radio station."
 On the new Boston.gov, weve planned to have more opportunities to showcase our City using photography. The problem? We now have a wishlist of more than 700 locations around the City for which we need fresh, high-quality photos  a full-time job for our small team to capture.A solution was unexpectedly brought to us by local historian Liz Covart..@CityOfBoston displays pic of Copps Hill Burying Ground for Kings Chapel Burying Ground. https://t.co/JMcGHtKs6H pic.twitter.com/TDzbgWnwG7 Liz Covart (@lizcovart) March 29, 2016After flagging this mismatched photo on the site, the conversation on Twitter led to a great idea: let the citizens of Boston make their own mark on the Citys new site by asking them to share their amazing shots.So were asking everyone from amateur enthusiasts to proud professionals to share their favorite photos of these spots around Boston.Some notes on these images: were trying to show the City from a more human perspective, which doesnt necessarily mean the most dramatic perspective. Find unexpected angles and interesting things in your composition to focus on. If people are in your photos, they should look candid and genuine  not posed. And while we love seeing residents in shots, please no selfies.Please include the location in the description. Images should be 17.9 mp at 5184 x 3456 pixels or higher.Share your photos
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced $100,000 in funding for an innovative urban agriculture re-entry jobs training program. The Urban Farming Pathways Initiative will create approximately 25 green jobs and provide local healthy food for underserved communities.""In Boston we believe in second chances, and this grant will give young people in our community a uniqueskill setthat will allow them to pursue meaning careers that positively impact our neighborhoods,"" said Mayor Walsh.The Urban Farming Pathways Initiative will be housed on a city-owned parcel in either Dorchester or Roxbury. During the program's first year, 25 participants will be trained in urban agriculture practices and will grow and distribute 5,000 pounds of healthy produce to 1,000 residents through five farmers' markets in Dorchester, Roxbury and Mattapan. Pending a successful first year, the program aims to create a long-term partnership between re-entry workforce development, sustainable urban agriculture and increased food access to jointly address the missions of all partnering organizations.""This funding follows through on a promise made in the Mayor's 2014 Climate Action Plan that our goals must be met through cross-cutting and collective action,"" said Austin Blackmon, Chief of Environment, Energy and Open Space. ""The partnership behind this announcement showcases that we can pursue an equitable and sustainable future through workforce training, economic development, and food affordability.""Youth Options Unlimited Boston (YOU) will house a program coordinator to oversee the initiative and work with City Soil, the Urban Farming Institute and other community partners to develop programming. YOU works with Boston's youth and young adults ages 14 to 24 and specializes in serving young people from neighborhoods with the highest level of poverty and violence, and those reentering the community from incarceration.Partners for Places, a project of the Funders' Network for Smart Growth and Livable Communities, awarded half of the funds, which were matched through a contribution by The Boston Foundation. The program will cost approximately $320,000, with the opportunity to re-apply for a second round of funding after the first year. Additional costs will be covered in full by the Neighborhood Jobs Trust and the Boston Redevelopment Authority.""The City of Boston is fortunate to have stellar job training partners, educators, and employers to create ladders of opportunity for all Bostonians,"" said Trinh Nguyen, director of the Office of Workforce Development.""Green industry is growing in Boston, and the Urban Farming Pathways Initiative is yet another pipeline that demonstrates this commitment to ensure that all residents are able to take part of the growth.""""The Boston Foundation is pleased to partner with the City of Boston and a national funder like Partners for Places on this important issue,"" said Paul S. Grogan, President and CEO of the foundation. ""Sustainability is crucial to workforce development in general, particularly the development of inner city jobs. In fostering a strengthened and green-thinking workforce, this program drives home the point that the responsibility of sustainable development is shared by everyone in our community.""""From helping low-income households benefit from solar energy to preparing coastal cities for climate change, Partners for Places brings together city officials with funders to develop some really dynamic sustainability projects,"" said Arturo Garcia-Costas, the New York Community Trust's program officer for the environment and Partners for Places selection committee member. ""This kind of collaboration can form the lasting relationships that help create vibrant, thriving communities."""
"The City of Boston ElectionDepartment announced that polls will be open today from7:00 a.m.-8:00 p.m.for the Special State Election for First Suffolk and Middlesex Senate districts.Today's Special State Election is not a citywide election, the following areas in Boston are included in the First Suffolk and Middlesex Senate District:Ballots have been printed for Boston's 51,864registered voters who live in the 1st Suffolk and Middlesex Senate District which includes 22,720 in the Democratic Party, 5,174 in the Republican party, 213 in the United Independent Party, 48 in the Green-Rainbow Party, and 23,709 voters who are not enrolled in any political party (unenrolled are often referred to as Independents) and may chose one party's ballot to vote with on May 10t, 2016. All polling places will be equipped with an Automark machine, which assists voters with sensory and physical limitations in marking their ballots this device also provides translation assistance.The following languages will be available at the polls and through a central translator telephone bank:The department has recruited and trained more than 165 poll workers to staff more than 18 polling locations, covering approximately 25 precincts. From answering calls from residents, to working the polling locations, to counting ballots, poll workers play a vital role in the success of Election Day.To help boost civic engagement, residents are encouraged to use hashtag#BostonVoteson social media platforms, such as Facebook and Twitter, with photos of ""I voted"" stickers.Election results will be posted online atwww.boston.govafter the polls close at8:00 p.m.Updates on turnout will be provided periodically via Twitter:@BostonElections, and theCity of Boston Elections Department's Facebook account.Please use the Election Department'swebsiteto receive additional information regarding the election registered voters are able to use the site to locate polling locations.Members of the media are encouraged to adhere to the following guidelines:"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced that Ben Bradlee Jr., author and a former editor for The Boston Globe, has been appointed to the Boston Public Library Board of Trustees. Bradlee was sworn in during the Board's annual meeting held this morningMay 10at the Central Library in Copley Square. Bradlee fills the Board's unofficial writer's seat, which has been previously held by notable authors such as Dennis Lehane, David McCullough and Doris Kearns Goodwin.""Ben Bradlee Jr.'s experience in the media and as an acclaimed author make him a natural fit and valued addition to the BPL Board,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank Ben for his commitment to the city and Ilook forward to seeing the nation's first large, free municipal library continue to flourish under the leadership of the Board.""""The BPL Board is pleased to welcome Ben Bradlee Jr. to the governing body of the Boston Public Library,"" said Robert Gallery, Chair of the BPL Board of Trustees. ""His background brings a fresh perspective to the Board with his deep knowledge of the value of libraries for research and for fact finding, which have surely served him throughout his career. We look forward to his contribution on the BPL Board of Trustees.""The Boston Public Library Board of Trustees establishes policies and long-term goals of the library, oversees the general operating and administrative policies, and acts as an agent of public trust governing the library. The BPL Board of Trustees works together with the library president to carry out responsibilities that involve governance and policy-making, finances, strategic planning, human resources and continuing education affairs.""It is an honor to be appointed to the Boston Public Library's Board of Trustees,'' said Bradlee. ""I believe public access to libraries is a cornerstone of democratic society, and I am dedicated to strengthening public access for all. I thank Mayor Walsh and theLibrary's board for this opportunity, and I look forward to working toensure that the citizens of Boston continue to enjoy the tremendous value the BPL provides.""A full biography of Ben Bradlee Jr. is included below:Ben Bradlee Jr.'s most recent book: The Kid: The Immortal Life of Ted Williams, was published by Little, Brown in December of 2013. The book was received with critical acclaim, made the New York Times best-seller list and has been optioned for a movie. Bradlee spent 25 years, from 1979 to 2004, with The Boston Globe -- 10 years as a reporter and 15 as an editor.As deputy managing editor, he oversaw the Globe's Pulitzer Prize-winning coverage of the sexual abuse scandal in the Catholic Church from July 2001 to August 2002, and also supervised the production of a book on the subject, ""Betrayal,'' which Little, Brown published in June, 2002. ""Spotlight,'' a major feature film on the Globe's investigation, was released in the fall of 2015 and won two Academy Awards, for best original screenplay and best picture. Bradlee is portrayed in the film by actor John Slattery.Bradlee's first editing assignment was as Political Editor, supervising the paper's State House and City Hall bureaus in 1989 and 1990. He then served as Assistant Managing Editor for local news from January of 1991, to November of 1993, when he was named Assistant Managing Editor for Projects and Investigations. He was later promoted to Deputy Managing Editor, while retaining the same position. In that capacity, Bradlee oversaw the Spotlight Team (the Globe's investigative unit) and several other reporters who produced long-term projects or series. He also worked on an ad-hoc basis with reporters on the metropolitan, business, national and foreign staffs in producing special projects, and occasionally, wrote major pieces himself.As a reporter, he served on the Spotlight Team, at the State House bureau, and as the paper's roving national correspondent from 1982-1986. He covered the 1988 presidential campaign of Michael Dukakis and also reported overseas for The Globe from Afghanistan, South Africa, the Middle East, Latin America and Vietnam.Bradlee has written three previous books. His first was The Ambush Murders, the case of a black activist accused -- and ultimately acquitted after three trials -- of killing two white policemen in Riverside, Calif. It was a story about small-town justice and how justice functions in emotionally-charged circumstances when police investigate the deaths of two of their own. The book was published in 1979 by Dodd, Mead, and later made into a television movie for CBS.Bradlee was co-author of Prophet of Blood -- the story of polygamous cult leader and self-styled prophet-of-God Ervil LeBaron, whom authorities considered responsible for up to a dozen murders in the Intermountain West and Mexico during the 70's. The book -- which explored the interplay between sex, violence and religion in an offshoot of the Mormon Church -- was published by G.P. Putnam in 1981.Bradlee's third book was ""Guts and Glory: The Rise and Fall of Oliver North.'' Published by Donald I. Fine Inc. in 1988, the book chronicled North and the Iran-Contra affair, and was the basis for a four-hour television mini-series which aired on CBS in May of 1989.A graduate of Colby College, Bradlee served in the Peace Corps in Afghanistan from 1970-1972. On his return to the United States in 1972, he went to work as a reporter for the Riverside (Calif.) Press-Enterprise, remaining there until mid 1975."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the Boston Createsdraft cultural planis now available for public review and comment. The draft plan can be found online atwww.bostoncreates.org. The public is encouraged to review the document and provide feedback before the close of the public comment period on Monday, May 16, 2016 at 5:00 p.m. The final plan, along with an executive summary, is due for release in mid-June.""Boston Creates offers residents the unique opportunity to help us envision the cultural future of our city and I am excited that we have reached another milestone towards having a completed cultural plan for the city,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This thoughtfully crafted draft plan is the result of an extensive community process and I encourage everyone to review the draft plan and share with us suggestions and feedback so that together we can create a culturally vibrant and inclusive city.""The draft plan will outline the proposed goals, strategies and tactics to best respond to the needs and opportunities of Boston's cultural sector. When the final plan is released in June, the process will shift from planning to implementation, both near and long-term.To provide public comment, individuals will need to register for a free account withMedium, an online platform that will host the draft plan. Alternatively, individuals can read the draft plan without having to sign up for an account and share feedback via email atBostonCreates@boston.gov.Boston Creates is Boston's cultural planning process, designed to create a long-term plan to prioritize, coordinate, and align public and private resources to strengthen cultural vitality in the City. Over the past year, the Boston Creates team undertook an extensive community engagement, holding three town halls, 118 community conversations, more than 80 focus groups and meetings, an online creative engagement participation survey and a crowd-sourced mapping of cultural assets. Using the data obtained through the process, the team worked closely with the Boston Creates Steering Committee and Leadership Council to develop the draft plan.""The process so far has generated incredible energy, enthusiasm, momentum and indeed creativity,"" said Julie Burros, Chief of Arts and Culture. ""We truly believe we are seeing the beginnings of a culture shift in Boston, one that embraces and encourages greater inclusivity, collaboration, leadership and resources in support of the arts and culture sector. We are looking forward to hearing what everyone thinks.""For more information, visitwww.bostoncreates.org. Social media users can engage with the process on Twitter using #BostonCreates or by following on Facebook athttps://www.facebook.com/ArtsinBostonBoston Creates is part of larger, overall vision for the City: Imagine Boston 2030. Under the leadership of Mayor Walsh, the entire city will work together to create the first citywide plan in 50 years. Imagine Boston 2030 will guide this approach to preserving, enhancing and growing the city's neighborhoods in a way that promotes shared prosperity, sound public investment, and a healthy environment and population. For more information, visithttp://imagine.boston.gov/"
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of a newpublic-facing dashboardthat displays the demographic makeup of City of Boston employees. The Employee Demographics Dashboard is a first-of-its-kind data tool that presents regularly updated statistics on the makeup of City staff in the City of Boston, and was built to support the City's efforts of creating a more inclusive and diverse workforce.""This dashboard will help us meet our goal of creating a workforce that is representative of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud of our work so far to use data to create a stronger city government, and our diversity dashboard is another tool to help us identify opportunities for improvement.""Created in partnership between the Mayor's Office of Diversity, the Citywide Analytics Team, and the Office of Human Resources, this dashboard is used by the Mayor, Cabinet Chiefs, and City staff to understand existing workforce demographics and to help track progress toward staffing goals.""Under Mayor Walsh's leadership, I am working with all of our city department heads as well as the community to implement our city's diversity goals and objectives,"" said Danielson Tavares, Chief Diversity Officer. ""Our diversity dashboard will allow us to more clearly review where we need to work to improve.""Built using the same technology that powers the Mayor's and Cabinet dashboards, the employee demographics dashboard displays information on current staffing levels by race, gender, salary, and tenure. Information is sortable by department, and is updated monthly.""This dashboard is a great example of how the City of Boston uses data and technology to increase transparency and help implement an important policy goal,"" said Jascha Franklin-Hodge, the City's Chief Information Officer.Please visithttp://cityofboston.gov/diversityto access the dashboard and the City's Workforce Profile report."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today the start of construction for the Whittier Lyndhurst Washington Homes mixed-use redevelopment project in Codman Square. The $20.1 million project, of which the Department of Neighborhood Development contributed $1.6 million, will create 44 units of affordable rental housing, 1,000 square feet of commercial space and an estimated 80 new construction jobs in Boston.""In Boston, we are committed to building a city that holds opportunity for every person and every family, no matter their background, age or financial status,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""I'm proud that the city's investment in this project will help support new affordable rental housing for families and I want to thank the many partners who are working to help us achieve our housing goals.""The Walsh Administration is committed to creating more affordable housing for residents in Boston. In its most recentquarterly housing report, the City of Boston reported that it is currently on track to reach 53,000 new units by 2030, with more than 36,000 units either completed or in the development process. Currently, there are more than 8,000 new units of housing under construction in Boston, which represents more construction employment in the housing sector than any time in the last 20 years.Located in the heart of Codman Square, Whittier Lyndhurst Washington Homes includes the redevelopment of four sites and the renovation of 15 units of public housing at the Whittier School site, along with the creation of 13 new units of affordable rental housing adjacent to the School on Darlington Street the renovation of eight units on Lyndhurst Street and the creation of 1,000 square feet of commercial space with another eight new units at 472 Washington Street.The Talbot Norfolk Triangle Neighbors United worked closely with the City of Boston and Codman Square NDC to develop the homes in accordance with theEco-Innovation Districtand to ensure that the redevelopment will utilize high-efficiency heating and cooling systems and Energy Star rated appliances, as well as meeting other environmental and green standards where applicable. In addition to the city's contribution of $1.6 million, this project received funding from the state's Department of Housing and Community Development, the Massachusetts Housing Partnership, the Community Economic Development Assistance Corporation, Local Initiatives Support Corporation, NeighborWorks America, RBC Capital Markets and Bank of America.The first phase of the redevelopment project is expected to be complete in the summer of 2016."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, May 10, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today the start of construction for the Whittier Lyndhurst Washington Homes mixed-use redevelopment project in Codman Square. The $20.1 million project, of which the Department of Neighborhood Development contributed $1.6 million, will create 44 units of affordable rental housing, 1,000 square feet of commercial space and an estimated 80 new construction jobs in Boston.""In Boston, we are committed to building a city that holds opportunity for every person and every family, no matter their background, age or financial status,"" Mayor Walsh said. ""I'm proud that the city's investment in this project will help support new affordable rental housing for families and I want to thank the many partners who are working to help us achieve our housing goals.""The Walsh Administration is committed to creating more affordable housing for residents in Boston. In its most recentquarterly housing report, the City of Boston reported that it is currently on track to reach 53,000 new units by 2030, with more than 36,000 units either completed or in the development process. Currently, there are more than 8,000 new units of housing under construction in Boston, which represents more construction employment in the housing sector than any time in the last 20 years.Located in the heart of Codman Square, Whittier Lyndhurst Washington Homes includes the redevelopment of four sites and the renovation of 15 units of public housing at the Whittier School site, along with the creation of 13 new units of affordable rental housing adjacent to the School on Darlington Street the renovation of eight units on Lyndhurst Street and the creation of 1,000 square feet of commercial space with another eight new units at 472 Washington Street.The Talbot Norfolk Triangle Neighbors United worked closely with the City of Boston and Codman Square NDC to develop the homes in accordance with theEco-Innovation Districtand to ensure that the redevelopment will utilize high-efficiency heating and cooling systems and Energy Star rated appliances, as well as meeting other environmental and green standards where applicable. In addition to the city's contribution of $1.6 million, this project received funding from the state's Department of Housing and Community Development, the Massachusetts Housing Partnership, the Community Economic Development Assistance Corporation, Local Initiatives Support Corporation, NeighborWorks America, RBC Capital Markets and Bank of America.The first phase of the redevelopment project is expected to be complete in the summer of 2016."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, May 10, 2016- Mayor Martin J. Walsh today announced the release of a newpublic-facing dashboardthat displays the demographic makeup of City of Boston employees. The Employee Demographics Dashboard is a first-of-its-kind data tool that presents regularly updated statistics on the makeup of City staff in the City of Boston, and was built to support the City's efforts of creating a more inclusive and diverse workforce.""This dashboard will help us meet our goal of creating a workforce that is representative of Boston,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I am proud of our work so far to use data to create a stronger city government, and our diversity dashboard is another tool to help us identify opportunities for improvement.""Created in partnership between the Mayor's Office of Diversity, the Citywide Analytics Team, and the Office of Human Resources, this dashboard is used by the Mayor, Cabinet Chiefs, and City staff to understand existing workforce demographics and to help track progress toward staffing goals.""Under Mayor Walsh's leadership, I am working with all of our city department heads as well as the community to implement our city's diversity goals and objectives,"" said Danielson Tavares, Chief Diversity Officer. ""Our diversity dashboard will allow us to more clearly review where we need to work to improve.""Built using the same technology that powers the Mayor's and Cabinet dashboards, the employee demographics dashboard displays information on current staffing levels by race, gender, salary, and tenure. Information is sortable by department, and is updated monthly.""This dashboard is a great example of how the City of Boston uses data and technology to increase transparency and help implement an important policy goal,"" said Jascha Franklin-Hodge, the City's Chief Information Officer."
"BOSTON -Tuesday, May 10, 2016- The City of Boston ElectionDepartment announced that polls will be open today from7:00 a.m.-8:00 p.m.for the Special State Election for First Suffolk and Middlesex Senate districts.Today's Special State Election is not a citywide election, the following areas in Boston are included in the First Suffolk and Middlesex Senate District:Ballots have been printed for Boston's 51,864registered voters who live in the 1st Suffolk and Middlesex Senate District which includes 22,720 in the Democratic Party, 5,174 in the Republican party, 213 in the United Independent Party, 48 in the Green-Rainbow Party, and 23,709 voters who are not enrolled in any political party (unenrolled are often referred to as Independents) and may chose one party's ballot to vote with on May 10t, 2016. All polling places will be equipped with an Automark machine, which assists voters with sensory and physical limitations in marking their ballots this device also provides translation assistance.The following languages will be available at the polls and through a central translator telephone bank:The department has recruited and trained more than 165 poll workers to staff more than 18 polling locations, covering approximately 25 precincts. From answering calls from residents, to working the polling locations, to counting ballots, poll workers play a vital role in the success of Election Day.To help boost civic engagement, residents are encouraged to use hashtag#BostonVoteson social media platforms, such as Facebook and Twitter, with photos of ""I voted"" stickers.Election results will be posted onlineafter the polls close at8:00 p.m.Updates on turnout will be provided periodically via Twitter:@BostonElections, and theCity of Boston Elections Department's Facebook account.Please use the Election Department'swebsiteto receive additional information regarding the election registered voters are able to use the site to locate polling locations.Members of the media are encouraged to adhere to the following guidelines:"
The cultural plan aims to align ideas, people, and resources around a shared vision and a comprehensive set of goals, strategies, and tactics for putting arts, culture, and creativity at the very heart of the life of our city.In the spirit of transparency and accountability, the City of Boston posts draft planning documents online for public review  and the Boston Creates plan is no exception. We encourage everyone to read the draft document and provide your feedback before the close of the public comment period on Saturday, May 14 at 5:00 p.m.Before you dive in, a few important notes:We are using the platform Medium to allow individuals to share comments and see what others have shared. To share comments, you will need to register on the platform, highlight the text and leave a comment. Alternatively, you can downloada PDF version of the plan hereand email comments tobostoncreates@boston.gov.The final version will be released in June and will guide our collective work ahead to realize this exciting vision. While it is still a few weeks away, the energy and excitement is evident. We believe we are seeing the beginnings of a culture shift in Boston, one that embraces and encourages greater inclusivity, collaboration, leadership, and resources in support of the arts and culture sector.We look forward to hearing your thoughts.Sincerely,Julie Burros
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh has announced the start of enrollment for Boston Centers for Youth & Families (BCYF) annual citywide BCYF SUPERTeens Program this summer. Youth ages 13-14 in the SUPERTeens program will have the opportunity to attend weekly leadership development workshops, gain work experience in BCYF community centers and participate in field trips to Bostons arts and cultural institutions.""Its important to provide meaningful opportunities for our younger teens who have aged-out of traditional summer camps and programs,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""This program gives the teens real work experience that will prepare them for future education and employment.""Sponsored by Comcast, The Boston Foundation and The Foundation for BCYF, program goals include providing hands-on work experience and/or service experience for each youth, engaging youth in high-quality leadership development workshops based on BCYFs Youth Development Outcomes, and developing creative writing skills by teaching youth to share personal learning experiences in writing.All SUPERTeens applicants must complete an application and return it to the desired BCYF community center site by Friday, May 27. To get your first choice center, dont delay in returning the application. Completed applications can also be returned to BCYFs Administrative Office, Attention Donna Reeves-Jackson, 1483 Tremont Street, Boston, MA 02120. The SUPERTeens Program will operate at the following community centers: BCYF Blackstone, 50 W. Brookline Street, South End BCYF Charlestown, 255 Medford Street, Charlestown BCYF Cleveland, 11 Charles Street, Dorchester BCYF Curtis Hall (Girls-only,) 20 South Street, Jamaica Plain BCYF Holland, 85 Olney Street, Dorchester BCYF Menino, 125 Brookway Road, Roslindale BCYF Mildred Avenue, 5 Mildred Avenue, Mattapan BCYF Ohrenberger Community Center, 175 West Boundary Road, West Roxbury BCYF Perkins, 155 Talbot Avenue, Dorchester BCYF Roslindale, 6 Cummins Highway, Roslindale BCYF Shelburne, 2730 Washington Street, Roxbury BCYF Tobin, 1481 Tremont Street, Mission Hill and BCYF Vine Street, 339 Dudley Street, Roxbury. There is the potential for more centers to be added in the coming weeks.The SUPERTeens program will run seven weeks beginning on July 5 and ending on August 19. The teens will work Monday through Friday from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Participants must be at least thirteen years old on or before July 5 to participate and will receive a stipend at the end of the summer for successful completion of the program. The application and other information can be found on BCYFs website at Boston.Gov/BCYF. Deadline to apply is May 27."
"Mayor Martin J. Walsh announced today that in a continued effort to increase safety for all Boston residents, the National Weather Service (NWS) has recognized the City of Boston as a StormReady community.The StormReady program helps provide communities with the communication and safety skills needed to save lives and property before, during and after a weather related event. StormReady helps community leaders and emergency managers strengthen local safety programs.""The StormReady designation reaffirms the City of Boston's commitment to preparedness, and highlights the strong working partnerships between our public safety agencies,"" said Mayor Walsh. ""I thank the National Weather Service for recognizing Boston's high level of readiness and unwavering dedication to the safety of our residents.""StormReady is a voluntary program and there is no cost to apply. To be recognized as StormReady, communities must meet guidelines established by the NWS in partnership with federal, state and local emergency management officials. Specifically, a community is required to:""While no community can ever be storm-proof, being StormReady means that the City of Boston has multiple ways to receive and disseminate warnings to key officials, first responders and to the public.Boston has done everything that it can do to be prepared and protect its citizens and visitors,""said Glenn Field, Warning Coordination Meteorologist at the National Weather Service in Taunton, MA.StormReady uses a grassroots approach to help communities develop plans to handle all types of severe weather - from tornadoes to hurricanes. The program encourages communities to take a new, proactive approach to improving local hazardous weather operations by providing emergency managers with clear-cut guidelines on how to improve their hazardous weather operations.""We're very proud of this achievement,"" said Director Rene Fielding of the Mayor's Office of Emergency Management (OEM). ""Our office places a premium on effective communication during all weather related incidents, and receiving this distinction from the National Weather Service validates those efforts.""Currently, there are 15 cities and towns with StormReady designation in Massachusetts."
In early March, we unveiled our Guiding Growthreport, which outlined Imagine Bostons four goals:Since then, we have hosted community workshops and worked withcoUrbanizeto collect great ideas from residents to help inform Bostons first citywide plan in 50 years.In this post, well explore some of the more popular comments on coUrbanize that support our first goal: how to enhance our neighborhoods. These include ideas for specific areas and strategies to improve neighborhoods across the City:Since residents began sharing their ideas with us, housing emerged as a key theme, and remained a major focus in coUrbanize comments, with approximately one in eight of all comments mentioning Bostons housing inventory. Many community members noted areas that would benefit from low and middle-income housing, some wanted to see unused land developed into new housing, and others wanted to see vacant lots used for pilot programs like efficiency units. For many, creating affordable housing near public transit was key.About one in ten of the comments on coUrbanize were about public space, with a common theme of creative use of space, for parks, parklets, paths, and plazas that would connect neighborhoods and encourage recreation closer to home. As Imagine Boston seeks to guide inclusive investments that benefit all Bostonians, feedback and ideas like these are crucial to ensuring that Boston maintains a thriving physical fabric and strong communities, ensuring that a diverse array of residents can continue to call our city home.Havent shared your ideas for how Boston can guide its growth to support Imagine Bostonsfour goals? Pleaseweigh innow on where Boston should grow. Connect with us on social media (Twitter,Facebook,Instagram) using #ImagineBoston. You can also sign up for Imagine Boston updates.
