The Seoul Metropolitan Government has selected 25 villager-led enterprises to invigorate the village economy by regenerating the local community and is increasing salaries and jobs for local residents. A total of KRW 837 million will be provided to select villager-led enterprises. A maximum of KRW 50 million in project costs will be granted to each enterprise in the first year, and enterprises in their second year can receive up to KRW 30 million.Villager-led enterprises and village communities in need of financial assistance are obliged to take prior educational courses, organized by the Village Advocacy Team of the Seoul Community Support Center (SCSC), before submitting an application. Prior education will take a  workshop form comprised of beginner, basic, team workshop, advanced, and presentation courses. Particularly, in order to improve the stability of operations of villager-led enterprises this year, courses on establishing business schemes, cost analysis, and PR and marketing will also be started. Furthermore, new applicants will be able to learn from the experience of preexisting villager-led enterprises by paying educational visits to established enterprises. 
Applications for the prior educational courses will be made available from February 9 and, after uploading the story of the relevant villager-led enterprise to the website of the Seoul City Social Economy (http://se.seoul.go.kr), and consulting with a villager-led enterprise incubator in each autonomous district, courses will be allotted.
Villager-led enterprises and village communities applying for project costs can submit an application form and related documentation to the Village Advocacy Team in each autonomous district, from March 16 (Monday) to March 20 (Friday).A Meeting of Seoul City Village-Led Enterprises Held in 2014 Prior Education for Villager-Led Enterprises  
This year marks the second anniversary of the opening of the Seoul Citizens Hall. Since its opening on January 12, 2013, the Citizens Hall is estimated to have attracted some 3.1 million visitors as of the end of December 2014  an average of 5,018 people a day. The Citizens Hall has consolidated its presence as a platform for sharing culture, communication, and enhanced everyday well-being by holding not only exhibitions, forums, lectures, markets, and weddings but also citizens engagement programs, such as the Seoul Speakers Corner and Talking about Policies. In addition to these past achievements, the Seoul Metropolitan Government, with its space of the people, for the people, and by the people vision, will strengthen citizen engagement in its operations and programs offered while opening the hall even on Mondays, which formerly was day of rest from the public.The changes do not stop there: the number of members of the Citizens Planning Group  21 general citizens initially participated in the effective operation of Citizens Hall  will be increased to forty and their ability to take part in programs, which was restricted to once per year, will become unlimited. The roles of citizen volunteers, which formerly were confined to being a simple guide and providing support for program operations, will be expanded to include serving as professional guides for senior citizens, planning and executing programs by area, and implementing monitoring activities. As an attempt to facilitate the general publics participation, transparent independent projects aimed at public happiness and well-being will be actively set up, and the number of joint programs based on private-public partnerships, including civic groups with suitable contents and resources, will be expanded. 
From March 2015, the second stage of Subway Line No. 9, from Sinnonhyeon Station to Sports Complex Station, will being operations in earnest. < From Gimpo Airport Station to Sports Complex Station will take thirty minutes less than beforeunder 38 minutes without transfer >If the Subway Line No. 9 route from Gimpo Airport Station to Sports Complex Station is opened to the public in March, the estimated time en route will be drastically decreased from 60 minutes to 30 minutes. Currently, the fastest route from Gimpo Airport Station to Sports Complex Station, via the Subway Line No. 2, takes about 65 minutes, but if an express subway is used, it will take about 38 minutes without transfer. Also, the accessibility of the nearby areas of the second stage section, including Eonju Station, Seonjeongneung Station, Samseong Central Station, Bongeunsa Station, and Sports Complex Station, is expected to be improved greatly. <Test Operations from January 31, the Ratio of Full-Day General to Express Subways Will Be Adjusted from 2:1 to 1:1>The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will start test operations of the second-stage section from January 31, and in order to minimize the waiting time of passengers, resulting from these test operations, the ratio of general to express subways will be adjusted from 2:1 to 1:1. Prior to the test operations, the SMG completed the verification process for the facilities last month, and after establishing an integrated monitoring system, in cooperation with external experts, and conducting safety verification for test operations, more than 10,000 test runs will be carried out over a span of 83 days starting this Saturday and running until the official opening day. If the test operations are conducted while maintaining the current operating ratio  general to express 1:1 during the rush hour and 2:1 at usual times  the commute distance will be lengthened by about 4.5km and the waiting time will be 0.3~1 minute longer during the commute time. Under normal circumstances, it will take 1.5 minutes and 3 minutes longer for general subways and express subways, respectively. Therefore, to reduce these inconveniences, the ratio of general to express subways will be adjusted to 1:1 on a full-day basis thus, the operating frequency and the waiting time during rush hour will not differ greatly from present, but the operating frequency of express subways during non-rush hour times will increase, reducing the waiting time by about three minutes: from the current 13 minutes to 10 minutes.< Expected to Increase Subway Car Number When the Third Stage Opens, Measures to Reduce Inconvenience Will Be Executed >In addition, the SMG has increased 48 subway cars in 2011, three years earlier than initially scheduled.The SMG will seek multiple measures to relieve traffic congestion, e.g., newly-establishing or adjusting a bus line serving the busiest section between Gimpo Airport and Yeouido and by consistently monitoring and analyzing the demand of passengers before increasing the number of subway cars. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government and Seoul Business Agency (SBA), SME-supporting institutions that have been leading the creation of jobs in Seoul, will hold an exhibition on alleys in Seoul titled Story Road, Seoul, Korea  Alleys. This exhibition will be open until March 1 (Sun) at Jaemirang, a cartoon art museum, free of charge. This exhibition is the first special exhibition in 2015, where the artists have selected their favorite alleys in Seoul and reinterpreted them through their memories and the way they look now. Through this exhibition, the artists provide fun for the audience, such as Finding hidden memories.A total of five artists are participating in the exhibition, and along with the exhibition, an experiential program is offered for children, lovers, friends, and families.
With the belief that preventive measures for child abuse are the foundation for a civil society, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has decided to focus its childcare policies to this effect. On January 22, the city government announced, Preventive Measures for Child Abuse in Childcare Facilities, which contains the citys efforts to eradicate child abuse by investing KRW 28.7 billion, in 2015, and a total of KRW 133 billion, by 2018, towards child abuse prevention projects. This is in addition to its investment in the expansion of public and national childcare facilities (KRW 630 billion between 2015 and 2018). The Seoul Metropolitan Government believes that, in order to fundamentally resolve the issues of child abuse in daycare facilities, it is important to 1) raise public concern about childcare, 2) come up with measures to improve the qualifications of daycare teachers, and 3) establish a foundation to consistently maintain it.Therefore, on top of the additional 1,000 public and national childcare facilities that Mayor Park Won Soon has been pursuing, the city government will raise the ratio of national and public childcare centers to 28 percent by 2018 and establish a Childcare Quality Support Center (expected to open in May 2015) In order to achieve a groundbreaking leap forward in the fostering and recruiting system of daycare teachers.Moreover, comprehensive childcare support centers in 25 administrative districts, as well as Seoul, will work hand in hand with the child abuse prevention centers in seven regions and Seoul. By dividing the efforts and ensuring collaboration between the two types of centers, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will synergize the two major institutions to improve child abuse prevention and response on a local level. In this way, the handling of child abuse cases will be expedited.Furthermore, other improvements will take place as part of this project: Restoring self-esteem for daycare teachers by improving their working conditions, providing a guide for child discipline, child abuse check lists and example manuals to be put to use on site, and allowing open all hours childcare centers so that parents can come and go as they wish.The main points in the Preventive Measures for Child Abuse in Childcare Facilities include:  establishing the necessary infrastructure to eradicate child abuse,  reinforcing the child abuse prevention system and early detection systems,  improving the daycare teacher fostering and supply system,  improving the work conditions for daycare teachers,  operating open and participatory daycare centers,  strengthening administrative measures for child abuse, and  creating an additional 1,000 national and public childcare centers.
A, a housewife in Seoul, often takes in the free performances and movies shown at a community cultural center or a library, on weekends, after scanning the listings via the Seoul cultural event information app. The app, which is frequently used by A, was created by a general citizen who used public information disclosed by the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG). Following the disclosure of public information/data by City Hall, business establishments, and funded institutions, the public information unveiled by two autonomous districts (Seodaemun-gu, Guro-gu), initially on a trial basis, will be expanded to all autonomous districts from January 26, enabling all citizens to search for and use public information.Anyone can search for and download public information from the Seoul Open Data Plaza (http://data.seoul.go.kr) and the Open Data Plaza in each Gu-office. Since November 2013, and as a pilot program that follows on from City Hall, business establishments (May 2012), and funded institutions (February 2013), Seodaemun-gu and Guro-gu have been disclosing information to the public. In addition to offering information on Seoul City as a whole, including the operation of taxis and the number of subway users at each subway station, and the public data compiled by each Gu-office  number of CCTVs installed in each Dong, lectures offered by sports centers in each Gu, status of approval and guidance on pharmacies, postpartum care centers, toy rental centers, etc., status of the facilities in youth training centers, and youth programs, including education and events  which formerly were not disclosed publicly even if they were considered useful community sources, will be made available to all citizens.  In addition to offering information on Seoul City as a whole, including the operation of taxis and the number of subway users at each subway station, and the public data compiled by each Gu-office  number of CCTVs installed in each Dong, lectures offered by sports centers in each Gu, status of approval and guidance on pharmacies, postpartum care centers, toy rental centers, etc., status of the facilities in youth training centers, and youth programs, including education and events  which formerly were not disclosed publicly even if they were considered useful community sources, will be made available to all citizens.  In order to ensure citizens use this public data in diverse ways, such information will be offered as raw data, such as an open API, sheet, chart, and map. With the release of public information by autonomous districts, the Seoul Open Data Plaza will be able to offer 7,000 types of services, with 3,600 types of dataset in ten areas. Not only that, the SMG has developed an open platform for the public data the se of which it has offered for free to each autonomous district seeking to establish such a system.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will build 1,000 more public daycare centers by 2018. For the past three years, 296 centers have been opened through a cost-efficient model, increasing the number of public daycare centers to 934 (as of the end of 2014), and the number is expected to grow to some 2,000.
The proportion of public daycare centers will increase about 28%, which is two times higher than the current proportion of 13.7%, and the quota will rise from 65,000 to 100,000. The number of public daycare centers will be expanded annually on a gradual basis (150 centers in 2015 300 centers in 2016 300 centers in 2017 and 250 centers in 2018).To this aim, the SMG has come out with four major guidelines:  installing equally by region and building centered on regions with high demand for childcare  minimizing management pressure on private daycare centers in consideration of their co-existence with public daycare centers  overcoming financial pressure by focusing on cost-efficient projects  strengthening the selection criteria for daycare teachers and directors to heighten the quality of childcare.  In addition to expanding a more appropriate number of daycare centers, a public management system for daycare teachers will be established to raise the quality of childcare by supporting the efforts to secure a pool of competent teachers, after recruiting and offering the related training in the second half of this year. The selection criteria for directors will be reinforced to a minimum of seven years of work experience. These measures will be overseen by the Childcare Quality Support Center, which will be built within the Seoul Foundation of Women and Family, this May. Furthermore, the SMG will discover and proceed with a new type of cost-efficient model this year by utilizing idle spaces in urban parks, after benchmarking the Northern European model that encourages kids to become familiar with the woods and nature. The eight models of public daycare center by type are as follows:  expanding public daycare centers within an apartment complex  purchasing and converting home and private daycare centers  installing within public institutions, purchasing general buildings or constructing on public land  reinforcing joint alliances between private and public daycare centers  expanding public-workplace mixed daycare centers  utilizing idle classrooms in schools  utilizing idle spaces in urban parks  converting to after school daycare centers.
The 51-year-old Jangchung Gymnasium  the nations first indoor gymnasium, which opened on February 2, 1963  with a history of holding numerous historic events, including amateur basketball matches, pro-wrestling matches by legendary pro-wrestler Kim Il, and the 12th presidential election, has been reborn as a sports and cultural complex.The exterior design symbolizes Koreas representative dances and plays, such as the fan dance and Ganggangsullae, a Korean circle dance, and focus was made on improving the safety of the facilities. Audience seats were divided into themed seats, including family seats and couple seats, and seats for the disabled. The gym is also equipped with state-of-the-art audio/sound equipment, lighting, a large electronic screen, and broadcasting facilities to enable a variety of cultural performances like musicals and concerts to be held. The accessibility has been enhanced by building a pathway connecting Dongguk Univ. Subway Station (Line 3) to the gym. The Seoul Metropolitan Government and Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corporation began remodeling the gym, whose condition had deteriorated, and after going through two years and eight months of renovations that started in May 2012, its interior and exterior facilities were eventually unveiled to the public in January 15, 2015. After the renovations, the previous gym, with one underground floor and three above ground floors (total floor area: 8,385), has been expanded to two underground floors and three above ground floors (total floor area: 11,429) with a total of 4,507 audience seats.The newly-built second underground floor will be used as an auxiliary stadium and fitness center (total floor area: 564.7) for athletes as well as a sports center for local residents. 
In addition, the gym houses a Sports Activity Center, where local residents can enjoy leisure activities (first underground floor) sports-related operational management facilities, including the main stadium, athlete waiting room, referees room, and janitors office (first above ground floor) service facilities, such as the general audience seats, ticket booth, and cafeteria (second above ground floor), and general audience seats (third above ground floor).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) identified 93,226 households, deemed to be in blind spots of the welfare system, over a period of six months  from April 8 to October 7, 2014  through 260 Deoham welfare counselors, thus providing support to 64,734 households (69%) from among the households visited. From 64,734 households 2,587 households (national basic livelihood security system) 637 households (Seoul City basic security system) 1,570 households (emergency welfare support) 59,940 households (other welfare services and private support) received support. After reviewing the performance of the 1st wave of Deoham welfare counselors, which was first launched last year, the SMG assessed the project to have contributed greatly to improving the welfare of citizens in blind spots and unveiled its plan to continue discovering and supporting blind spots in Seouls welfare system by launching the 2nd wave of Deoham welfare counselors: 130 counselors (five for Seoul City and 125 for autonomous districts) will work for six months from January 26, 2015. The 1st wave of Deoham welfare counselors were composed of social welfare workers with certificates, those with work experience in welfare, and field activists who were well versed in the pending issues. These qualified individuals went from door to door, in groups of two, in order to offer counsel. The 250 Deoham welfare counselors, allocated to the autonomous districts, firstly examined whether those households that had applied for welfare support, including national basic livelihood security and the Seoul City basic security system, but had failed to be accepted by not meeting the criteria to receive emergency support, were legible for support. Secondly, the counselors visited and offered counsel to households that had failed to pay their monthly rental fees and public utility fees by leveraging local networks with isolated communities (e.g., accommodations for examiners or flophouses). In order to support households with complex cases, which could not be managed by Seoul Citys autonomous districts, the Solution Committee comprised of Seoul City public officials in charge of welfare, finance experts, lawyers specialized in welfare, and Deoham welfare counselors gathered together every Friday to seek ways to support the underprivileged families in a comprehensive manner. [Deoham Welfare Counselors, Helping the Underprivileged Households through Counseling]
In 2014, the number of Chinese tourists to Korea reached 6.1 million. As a high growth rate of 41% compared to last year was recorded, the Seoul Metropolitan Government held a special event for Chinese tourists. Thirteen tourists from Sichuan Province, China, were given an opportunity to tour Seoul City Hall and the mayors office. This invitational was based on a promise Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon had made to a young CEO of a travel agency, whom he had met during his official visit to Chengdu, Sichuan Province, to promote tourism in Seoul, in November last year. Back then, he promised to guide the first group tourists of the related travel agency to the mayors office himself. The schedule of the Seoul City Hall tour was divided into two sessions. First, the invited tourists participated in the Seoul City Hall Tong Tong Tour and visited the new city hall building, Seoul Citizens Hall, and Seoul Metropolitan Library before looking around the mayors office, with Seoul Mayor Park, and conducting conversations on the Seoul tour. Seoul Mayor Park said, China makes up the highest proportion of tourists visiting Seoul, making Seoul the center of Koreas tourism industry. Thus, I expect the visit of tourists from Sichuan Province to the mayors office to serve as an opportunity to give Chinese tourists a more friendly and positive perception of Seoul.  
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) and 25 autonomous districts will offer jobs to the underprivileged as a means to help them secure an instant and stable livelihood. Furthermore, approximately 1,050 citizens can participate in the 2015 First-Half Local Community Employment project, which will serve as a stepping-stone for landing a job. The selected citizens will be assigned to 10 projects of five types, including local specialized resources development, corporate connection and employment support, and improvement of local living space, for four months from March 2 (Mon). Working hours will total 26 hours per week (but those aged 65 and older will be restricted to 15 hours a month), and a maximum of 730,000 won will be granted monthly (the hourly minimum wage is 5,580 won), which will include the cost of snacks (3,000 won). The selected citizens are entitled to four major types of insurance. The Local Community Employment Project
Application is only open to those classed as being underprivileged in the community: those aged 18 or older, with a household income of less than 150% of the minimum cost of living and with less than 200 million won in assets. The SMG is planning to offer job consultation services to ensure that those who participate in this project will find a stable job in the private sector, upon termination of the project. A job fair will also be held to find and offer jobs that suit the capabilities of job-seekers. 
On January 12 (Mon), Park Won Soon, the Mayor of Seoul, met with six financial representatives from Luxembourg, including Pierre Gramegna, finance minister of Luxembourg, at the mayors office and discussed ways to forge new financial partnerships. In October 2014, the Seoul Metropolitan Government signed an MOU on economic cooperation with Luxembourg at Sevit Floating Islands, a cultural complex of three glowing islands in Hangang River. Seoul Mayor Park discussed with his Luxembourg counterparts ways to strengthen the ties between companies in Seoul and Luxembourg, with regards to reciprocal investments, information exchanges, promotion of exchanges, and the development of the finance industry. Luxembourg is the hub of Europes financial market as well as a financial powerhouse with the second highest ownership of global investment funds. Global companies, such as Amazon, eBay, iTunes, etc., have made inroads into Luxembourg along with Korean companies like Nexon, Hyosung, Doosan, and SK Broadband.  
Giving Healthy Stairs (Wangsimni Station)Ten won is accumulated whenever a citizen uses the stairs the Seoul Metropolitan Governments (SMG) Giving Healthy Stairs campaign was designed to donate its accumulated contributions towards the rehabilitation costs of disabled children unable to walk.Amid the growing use of the stairs thanks to this campaign, the SMG will create three more zones in Myeongdong Station, Noksapyeong Station, and Express Bus Terminal Station. In the case of the first Giving Healthy Stairs, connecting Seoul Plaza to Citizens Hall, the use of the stairs has increased by more than three-fold to 22%, from 6.5%, before the stairs were installed, accumulating some 4 million won of contributions within a year. The Giving Healthy Stairs, which were built in Sindorim Station last September, have witnessed a rising use rate from 3% to 29%  increasing more than nine-fold compared to before their installment  and the use rate in Wangsimni Station  the stairs were installed in January 2015  increased nearly two-fold from 18.8% to 32%.Based on such positive effects, three more zones will be added, increasing the number to 12 in total, including Citizens Hall in 2013, Sindorim Station in 2014, Yeongdeungpo Station, Cheongnyangni Station, Jamsil Station, Geumcheon-gu Office Station, Wangsimni Station, Omokgyo Station, and City Hall Station (eight subway stations). The Giving Healthy Stairs campaign is aimed at maintaining a life by creating an environment in which citizens can walk through the busiest subway stations while fostering a donation culture in which 10 won per person is accumulated. In fact, the related zones have emerged as new hotspots in Seoul by successfully killing two birds with one stone. 
        The new year of 2015 has arrived. In celebration of the year of the sheep, which signifies harmony and consolidation, I wish all of you and your family good health and happiness for the coming year. Weve been through difficult and hard times last year. Amidst a sustained economic recession, household and public debt which has exceeded 1 quadrillion won, and increased unemployment, rental deposits, and inflation have led to our people feeling mired in hardship.  Above all, this past year was a year of sorrow, suffering and reflection. We asked ourselves these very fundamental questions: Where are we headed, and are we happy now? What are the reasons for the existence of our nation and government? What is politics? What should a true public official be defined as?  We wanted change. We wanted reforms. We wanted renovation. We wanted a life fit for a human being. Now, we stand at the beginning of a new year. I would like to ask myself, as well as everyone once again, are we giving the correct answers to the questions our citizens have asked us? Are we truly now walking on the path to transformation?  I am the first to drop my head in regret.  At the break of the New Year, early in the morning, I thought about our ancestors who lived during the Joseon Dynasty. Seized by excessive justification and idealism, our ancestors suffered through a Japanese invasion unable to face up to reality, they suffered a Manchu invasion and a further humiliation at Samjeondo. Yet they still refused change and feared reforms. Mired in conflicts and the interests of political parties, politicians turned their backs on the people and forced them into misery. New changes began with a few Silhak scholars who had the right course in mind. Silhak scholars, including the founder Bangye Yu Hyeongwon, Seongho Yi Ik, and Dasan Jeong Yakyong, prioritized issues related to the peoplefood and livingthat mainstream politicians had ignored. Politics, studies, and ideologies that did not improve the lives of the people were simply nonexistent to them. Status, government posts, wealth, and parties were not important to them. Only changing the lives of the people and reforms and the reconstruction of the nation were their noble, supreme tasks. Yet Joseon was unable to accept their views. As a result, politics became more chaotic, the economy floundered, and the nation collapsed. Several hundred years have passed since that time, yet how do we look now? The dream of putting the lives of the people first and reconstructing the nation that Silhak scholars had embraced is still an unrealized dream of the past.
        Focused on ideologies and conflicts among parties, incarcerated within the curtain of greed and political blocs, we are still unable to walk towards the path of public welfare, the path of humans and communities, the path of the future. Politics that needs to resolve our issues has become the root of all issues. Indeed, the door and the wall of our massive bureaucracy are high and thick. The mission, the role, and the responsibility of the path of true politics and its administration, the path of every public service should lie in caring for the lives of the people, solving the problems faced by the people, and opening the path to happiness and a sustainable future for the community. Colleagues of the city of Seoul, lets take down that curtain and walk into the lives of one another. Let us become Silhak scholars of the 21st century and work together to open the path into one anothers life.   I will oversee the city government administration implements policies to promote public welfare and assure the happiness of the people before seeking our own pleasures. Respected citizens of Seoul, beloved colleagues of the city of Seoul,
        The realities of the New Year of 2015 do not seem to be great. The economic prospects announced by the Korean Government have not been very bright, and there is little confidence in the improvement of the public welfare index. The era of 1 quadrillion won in household debt is blocking our future. That is why we would like to completely focus our administration on sharing in the lives of the citizens and caring for the lives of the people. We will put in our utmost efforts to resolve household issues and those related to the livelihood of the people, including the economy and employment. Furthermore, this will be the year in which we solidify our public welfare system, leading to new growth in Seoul, a new change in growth that encompasses all, and sharing the fruits of the changes. It wont be easy. There are many obstacles and our strength is limited. But I believe that we can do it, if we do it together. Weve already reduced 7 trillion won of debt and constructed 80,000 rental apartments, hand in hand. These were things that everyone believed to be impossible. With every public official of the Seoul Metropolitan Government united as one, communicating with the citizens of Seoul, we will gain the wisdom and experience to resolve the problems that the people of Seoul now face.  The past three years of administration was based on governance with citizen participation, and through innovation, we did away with old, habitual, inconvenient, and unnecessary habits.  Principle defeated non-principle common sense tore down senselessness normal ousted abnormal communication resolved conflict. The administration of principle and common sense, rationality and balance, governance and innovation became the root of an unshakable administration. Based on this, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will share in the lives of the people and administer a city government based on the practical promotion of public welfare, in order to tackle those issues related to living in Seoul. We will carry out policies that are not abstract notions or unrealistic slogans. Instead, we will pursue policies that are practical and substantial, policies that touch the actual lives of the people. We will change the real lives of our people and solve their problems to relieve Seoul citizens of their worries. We will administer a city government by assuring the happiness of the people before seeking our own pleasures, thus sharing in the joy of the citizens. Respected citizens of Seoul, 
        For the past three years, Seoul has stood in the middle of change. My commitments and efforts to become the first mayor to change the lives of the people then began to bear fruit. Flowers of change began to bloom in the lives of Seoul citizens. Ms. Lee Gyeongja, who was working at Seoul City Hall, as an irregular worker, from a cleaning service company, became a regular worker and in so doing fulfilled her dream. When she received her new company ID card, upon her transition to regular worker, with the guaranteed retirement age of 65, tears rolled down her face. A huge change has occurred in her life. A total of 7,000 workers at the Seoul Metropolitan Government have also tasted this same joy in their lives. Ms. Lee Jeongja, who had suffered a stroke, also found hope in her new life. She had been hospitalized for a long time at a regular hospital, but she couldnt receive treatment because she was unable to pay for a caregiver. Yet, after she moved to the Seoul Medical Center thanks to the Patient-Sitter Program, she was able to recover her health, life, and hope. The over 9,000 citizens who have received similar benefits from the Patient-Sitter Program can now testify to the meritorious effects that a public medical service can have on peoples lives. Ms. Lee Jeonghui, a housewife living in Geumcheon-gu, was also able to start a new life. She began a childcare service, which she had never even had dreamed about. Through Seouls support Village Community Childcare Service project, she was able to get a taste of communal childcare as well as the pleasure of getting to know and living along with her neighbors. Over 2,000 Seoul citizens are now experiencing the same vitality in their lives as Ms. Lee. Similarly, citizens who have experienced change in their lives, and their stories, are the blooming flowers and fruit in Seoul. But, this is only the beginning. The Seoul Metropolitan Government and I cannot remain content with these results. We still have a very long way to go. Now, Seoul must sustain these changes in the lives of our citizens, improve the quality of these changes, and create a new economic ecosystem for our sustainable future. Through a new growth engine, we will stabilize the economy and the livelihood of the people. Based on this, we will enhance the quality of life for every single Seoul citizen and grow into a city of humanization that pursues the happiness of its community.    I will change the landscape of Seouls economy through a creative economy and the vitalization of specialized industries. Beloved citizens of Seoul,
        Seouls creative economy will become the fertilizer for Seouls overall economy. With a solid foundation and a strong growth engine, it will power positive change for the next hundred years in Seoul. It will turn Seoul into the capital of the worlds creative economy, the Creative Economy Capital of the Republic of Korea. The key to Seouls creative economy is in creating future growth engines by investing in various industrial infrastructures and people in Seoul. R&D, tourism and MICE, the leisure and sports industry, fashion and clothing industry, biomedical industry, ICT, educational service industry, etc. These industries that Seoul has a competitive edge in will be nurtured and fostered as new creative industries. Yangjae, Changdong-Sangye, Sangam DMC, Magok, G-Valley, Sin-Hong-Hap Valley, Gaepo, Hongneung, and Dongdaemun will be the bases for Seouls creative economy, and these places will be developed into the new industrial centers of Seoul. The MICE industrial district in the Yeongdong area and the new center of economy in the Changdong-Sangye area may not see the light of day during my term as mayor. But the plan to focus on long-term goals and visions, instead of on visible achievements or profits in the short-term, will enrich Seoul over the next ten years, the next hundred years. Seoul is a city comprised of 44 types of business and 136 traditional businesses that have been traditionally specific to the region. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will focus on Seouls specialized industries as part of the citys growth engine and will reinvigorate them. We will come up with a comprehensive development plan to support the creation of specialized districts in order to revitalize the capitals specialized businesses and to reinvigorate traditional markets, neighborhood businesses, commercial districts, and the specialized shopping districts that are currently at risk due to the current economic recession and Super Supermarkets. We will establish afirm foundation for the resurrection and the beginning of a new golden age of small business owners and local and neighborhood industries. Only when the two axes of Seouls creative economy and local specialized industries spring into dynamic life will change be instigated in Seoul, a new economic ecosystem will be born in Seoul, and the landscape of the economy in Seoul will change.    I will create the way for Seoul to become a city in which every citizen is a shareholder.   For this, Seoul will make bold investments where investments are needed, attract what needs to be attracted, and offer support where support is needed. Through cooperation with small enterprises   the hidden champions of Korea  as well as global companies overseas, and bold attraction of investment, such as the relocation of companies that had been established in foreign countries or other regions, I will diversify the economic ecosystem in Seoul. The Challenge 1000 Project and the support for startups, including the operation of startup centers and startup programs as well as financial, distribution and marketing support for startups, will be the foundation on which a new economic ecosystem will stand. Employment will also be a key policy for Seoul. I will do my best not only to find quality employment, and help those who want to work to develop their abilities, but also to expand the institutional foundation for employment seekers. 
        I will create employment opportunities in the public sector, such as New Deal employment, public service and local community jobs. I will cultivate our citizens ability to work by fostering creative professionals and operating institutes for technological education. I will establish the required institutional foothold by designating specialized employment districts and creating employment foundations and councils. I will also create quality jobs through financial investment. With a focus on the active promotion of infrastructure projects, such as the project to turn sections of roads, such as Jemulpo-daero and the Seobu Expressway, into underground roads and creating parks where the roads used to be, the third railway construction project and intercity railroad construction project, as well as the construction of flood control facilities and the Hangang development projects, I will create employment opportunities in the related industries. In addition, I will also promote the social economy by supporting cooperatives, social enterprises, and neighborhood enterprises in providing a quality civil service for the citizens and creating jobs in the social sector by expanding the national and public childcare facilities as well as nursing homes. Above all, I will focus all of my energy and effort into attracting foreign tourists and guests. If 100 foreign tourists visit Korea, jobs for two people are created. If Seoul can attract 20 million tourists, then an economic effect of 22 trillion won, as well as over 440,000 jobs, will be created. To develop Seoul into the worlds best tourism and MICE city, and an attractive luxury tourism city, we will find contents and stories by theme and area, develop Hallyu tourism, and make Seoul a city full of friendly people, stories, sights to see, and great memories. Respected citizens of Seoul,
        All the fruits of the growth of our city need to be shared by every citizen of Seoul. Realizing economic democracy and creating a city where all grow as one: this is the vision of Seoul that hopes to become a city in which every citizen is a shareholder. Every citizen will become the owners of their own life through growth that encompasses all. This year, Seoul will take the first steps to realize this dream.   I will make Seoul a special city of happiness, where livelihood stability and public welfare are strengthened, where women and laborers are respected and happy just like everyone else.  Respected citizens of Seoul,
        A new light can shine onto the reconstruction and redevelopment areas that had been shadowed by urban growth. A great wave of urban regeneration will occur in Seoul as we look forward to Seoul a hundred years from now. Seoul will become a people-centered city where our homes and workplaces will co-exist in harmony.  The Urban Regeneration Headquarters in Seoul, established on January 1, 2015, will guide us along a path of urban regeneration that goes beyond development profits and physical maintenance to contain communication and consideration, unity and sharing, as well as local history, homes and workplaces. In the places where weve lived together for long, we will be able to create a village in which we are able to enjoy happiness together. The Visiting Welfare Program will help to prevent tragic incidents, such as the suicides of a mother and her two daughters in Songpa-gu. Village Welfare Centers with strengthened welfare programs will greatly aid families in crisis to overcome their situation. Financial welfare consultations and a public medical fee support program will give people hope to hold on to their lives and start anew. Strengthening the housing welfare support system, including the housing voucher program and Hopeful Home Repair Program, for the underprivileged, who spend most of their income on housing expenses, the provision of various types of rental housing and a Seoul-style rental deposit system will be the basis of stable housing.  The strengthened policy to comprehensively eliminate the ten practices that infringe on the livelihood of the people will be a shield that will minimize the damage inflicted on the lives of the underprivileged and low-income classes due to loan sharks, pyramid schemes, mutual aid enterprises, and e-commerce shams. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will not allow illegal acts that bring tears to the citizens of Seoul. Through intensive inspections of companies that have been reported to infringe on the livelihood of the people, we will completely uproot and eliminate those companies that bring about misery to the people. The living wage system will first be introduced in investor and funding institutions affiliated with the Seoul Metropolitan Government and gradually expanded to the public procurement sector. This will be the last bastion that will protect the livelihood of Seoul citizens. The Participatory Labor-Management Relations Model that will be tested at the investor and funding institutions affiliated with the Seoul Metropolitan Government will turn the opposing and conflicting relationship between laborers and executives into a true companionship characterized by cooperation and communication. Seoul will be reborn as a city in which labor is respected. Now Seoul is establishing itself as a city where women are happy. But we still need to do more. Creating 100,000 jobs for women in their youth and women suffering career discontinuity, establishing 1,000 additional national and public childcare centers, and generally making Seoul a safer place for women will all help us realize our dream of Seoul being a women-friendly city. Through urban regeneration, various support programs for the livelihood of the people, practical welfare policies and public welfare programs, the living wage system, and women-friendly policies, we will proceed to realize our dream of Seoul becoming a haven of 10 million residents living together in harmony and happiness.   I will make my way toward Seoul, the City of Humanization by focusing on economic and livelihood stability  Respected citizens of Seoul, beloved colleagues of the city of Seoul,
        If we begin our planned changes in Seoul, then the whole of the Republic of Korea will change. Over the past half century, Seoul spearheaded the industrialization and democratization of the Republic of Korea. Seoul stood at the forefront in making the Republic of Korea a global nation. Now, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will make way for a different future of Seoul based on the potential we hold. Using industrialization and democratization as stepping-stones, we wish to open the chapter of humanization, where people share in their lives together. I want to change Seoul into the city of humanization, where economic and livelihood stability can take root in the soil of a democratic administration, open administration, and participatory administration in which citizens are the mayor where the flowers and fruits of happiness grow on the strong branches of people and community. I want to make my way to Seoul, the City of Humanization, where no one is discriminated against and where all enjoy happiness fit for a human. I know that I cannot do all of this by myself. It can only be done when you, my colleagues at the city of Seoul and all of you who are here today, become the mayor and the leaders in change. Up to now, every single one of you has been the mayor, making Seoul what it is today. I believe in the great power that resides in the public servants of the city of Seoul. And I would like to thank you for all your hard work. Ladies and gentlemen, if I dream alone, then it may remain but a dream. But if all of you and the ten million citizens of Seoul share in my dream, I believe I can turn this dream into a reality. If I dream with all of the great citizens of Seoul, and if we walk towards the dream together, nothing will be impossible for us. If you want the world to change, change yourself first, is an old but apt saying in these circumstances. We must do everything in our power to safeguard the changes being put into place to turn Seoul into a better place to live and a happier city. Once again, we all have to take charge of change. Respected citizens of Seoul, beloved colleagues of the city of Seoul,
        On this first day of work in the New Year, I would like to make a resolution with all of you, in front of all of you. I will stick to the initial resolution I made when I first became the mayor of Seoul. Under the administrative principle that citizens are the mayor, I will continue to realize my dream of Seoul by continuously dreaming it, making it, and enjoying it with Seoul citizens. I will share in the lives of the citizens. Holding the torch of governance and reform in one hand and the torch of public welfare and unity in the other, I will walk forward. Brightening the river of the dark and cold times, I will keep on walking forward. I will walk forward to Together Seoul, a city that will stand together with our citizens and the world. Residents of Seoul, let us walk forward together.  Thank you. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government selected five locations, totaling 2,853,000m2, for the Seoul Urban Renewal Pilot Project, through votes collected by district. These are places with fragile living conditions, such as weak infrastructure and safety measures that require urgent urban renewal, including Jangwi 1-dong, Seongbuk-gu, where the New Town restrictions were removed, and the area surrounding Seongsu 1, 2-ga, Seongdong-gu.< Rejuvenating Old and Deteriorated Areas and Reinvigorating Local Economy through Urban Renewal By Neighborhood Regeneration >The Seoul Urban Renewal Pilot Project focuses on urban renewal by neighborhood regeneration in order to improve the living conditions for day-to-day life, securing the infrastructure for basic living and thus reinvigorating the local economy.By focusing on urban renewal through neighborhood regeneration, instead of at a larger scale, the Seoul Metropolitan Government aims to realize both the rejuvenation of old and deteriorated areas and reinvigoration of the local economy. Urban renewal through neighborhood regeneration differs from an economy-based urban renewal, as the latter focuses on assigning new functions to the city and creating a basis for employment in connection with repairs and developments of industrial complexes or harbors.< Participation of Local Residents and Districts, Maximum Financial Support of KRW 10 billion (City:District, 9:1) per Place over 4 years >The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced its selection of locations for the Seoul Urban Renewal Pilot Project, in October 2014. A total of 15 projects from 14 districts applied, and five finalists were selected. The area surrounding Amsa 1-dong, Gangdong-gu (635,000_Neighborhood with History and Culture, Made by Residents. The area surrounding Seongsu 1,2-ga, Seongdong-gu (886,560)_Seongsu, the Neighborhood of Master Artisans, where People Create Hope Together. The area in Jangwi 1-dong, Seongbuk-gu, where New Town Restrictions were Removed (318,415)_Urban Renewal in Jangwi, a Friendly and Generation-Gap Free Neighborhood.  The area surrounding Sangdo 4-dong, Dongjak-gu (750,000)_Sangdo, a Happy Family Neighborhood.  The area surrounding Sinchon-dong, Seodaemun-gu (263,000)_Open Sinchon, Open University Culture Neighborhood.)An assessment committee made up of experts in areas including construction, urban planning, transportation, history and culture, as well as city council members, selected the five areas through  application screening,  on-site evaluation, and  a final assessment. In particular, the committee focused on the willingness of districts to improve the area and the feasibility of such while assessing the trade off of the pilot project, capacity of the district to carry out the project,  interest and participation of residents,  ripple effect of the project,  and the level of deterioration of the neighborhood.< Different Urban Renewal Models for Neighborhood Regeneration for Four Areas to be Created and Applied > The projects to be led by the five selected districts will begin in 2015. For each location, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will offer 90 percent and districts will offer 10 percent of the estimated cost (within KRW 10 billion).The project funds will be invested in establishing a base so that the area will be sustainably self-rejuvenated and creating a local community. Moreover, the funds will be invested in people-centered, not facility-centered, rejuvenation projects, such as a strengthening of regional capacity, cultural renewal using local assets, reinvigoration of the local economy through creative job creation, and the establishment of a safer and nicer residential environment.< Process Monitoring and Consulting, Focus on Strengthening Residents Ability Is a Priority >The Seoul Metropolitan Government will continue to monitor the entire process of the urban renewal project until its completion. Through consultations, regular city-district joint meetings, and advisory panels, the city government will fully support these urban regeneration projects in connection with local government and resident participation.Moreover, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will develop educational programs tailored to the unique characteristics of each selected district to foster neighborhood leaders and activists and reinforce resident ability, which is the key to urban renewal. Training and educational sessions for residents will also be provided to increase resident understanding and participation.
Four out of 100 Seoul citizens are foreign residents. The Visiting Educator Program for Multicultural and Foreign Families is a private-public program sponsored by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and Daekyo Co. The program began with 200 children in 2011, and the number has increased over the past four years to give an accumulated total of 2,345 in 2014.
The number of children of multicultural families residing in Korea has increased dramatically (over five-fold) in the past eight years, from 5,035 in 2007 to 30,226 in 2014. This is in contrast with the reduced number of new married migrants due to a strengthening of the regulations for international marriages and a revision of the immigration control law.With this increase, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has redirected the support program for multicultural families, from helping married migrants adapt to a new life to supporting the growth of the children of the migrants, strengthening the educational support for the children of multicultural families.The Visiting Education Program, which is part of the support program for the children of migrants is considered an excellent policy and has been benchmarked by other regional governments. Through the Visiting Educator Program, visiting educators stop by the homes of multicultural or foreign resident families once a week, over a ten month period, to offer one-on-one tutoring for children between the ages of 2 to 12. Foreign resident families have to pay a fee of KRW 5,000 every month. According to a survey on the satisfactory level of the program, 98 percent answered Very Satisfied and Satisfied, while 2 percent answered Okay.Most married migrants experience difficulties where their childrens education is concerned due to a lack of fluency in Korea. They are unable to help their children with homework or check announcements from school. In addition, unlike a dispensation or a one-time project, the support for the children of married migrants will be help to strengthen the social and economic independence of multicultural families over the long-term.Meanwhile, most children from multicultural families are too young to attend school. However, as the number of school-aged children and adolescents is growing, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has begun an educational guidance project to respond preemptively to the demand for new policies.One-on-one college admission counseling and orientation for college admission for children of multicultural families will provide customized information for bilinguals to ensure that they receive a proper education.
If you want to enjoy winter in a fun, exciting, and affordable manner in Seoul, dont miss A Winter Story in the World Cup Park, which will take place in Pyeonghwa (Peace) Plaza in World Cup Park.From December 26 (Fri) to February 22, 2015 (Sun), a number of events will be held at the Silver Grass (Eoksae) Maze Garden, Silver Grass (Eoksae) Tunnel, and Ice Sledding Rink. Silver grass from Haneul Park will be used to decorate Pyeonghwa (Peace) Park  to turn it into a great winter wonderland for children.< Fun Places Decorated with Silver Grass  Silver Grass Maze Garden, Silver Grass Tunnel, Winter Garden >The Silver Grass Maze Garden is a maze made out of silver grass, with a gong situated in the middle of the maze for added fun. In the 55m-long Silver Grass Tunnel, pictures of the World Cup Park tell the history of the park, and a Sound Playground has been installed that includes animal sound sensors that allow visitors to listen to the sounds of the animals living in the World Cup Park. The Winter Garden, at the entrance of the park, has been decorated with LED lights and various objects and plants, including silver grass and snags, and a Silver Grass Photo Zone is available to all visitors if they wish to take special commemorative pictures.< 2015 Hope Tunnel >A 60-meter-long Hope Tunnel, adorned with illuminated decorations, embraces the Maze Garden to create a fantastic view at night.< Ice Sledding Rink >An ice sledding rink in Pyeonghwa (Peace) Plaza will also be open to public. Children are admitted for free and adults over 18 years of age are required to pay KRW 1,000. The rink is open from 10am to 5pm. From 2pm to 3pm on Saturdays, an ice sled race is held, and on Sundays, a curling competition is open to all-comers. The winners of these events will receive lucky boxes (20 winners every week, total 140).In addition, visitors will be able to play traditional Korean games. The playthings for the games, including jegi (Korean hacky sack), hoops, tuho (pitch-pot), jige (A-frame), and traditional tops, will be provided at the playground to ensure no one will miss out on the fun of these the folk gamesMoreover, nice and warm events will be held between 12pm and 4pm. Roasting Sweet Potatoes (KRW 2,000 for materials) and Natural Hot Pack Making (KRW 3,000 for materials) will be offered at the park, as well. Silver Grass Maze Garden in 2013
The Car Mileage Project, with cash incentives of up to KRW 35,000, according to the mileage reduction within a 6-month period, is open to all car owners (insurance policy holder) from December.All citizens who own a car can participate, and 50,000 participants will be recruited by March 2015 on a first-come first-served basis. Eligibility is limited to persons who own non-business purpose cars and ten-seater or smaller registered in Seoul. In order to check the mileage reduction, compared to the previous year, as well as for systematic maintenance, the participants must agree to provide the Seoul Metropolitan Government with personal information as well as information about mileage performance.Those who wish to participate in the Car Mileage Program need to apply at the three participating insurance companies or the neighborhood (dong) community service center closest to them  participants must reduce their car mileage for six months compared to the previous year. Afterwards, the mileage will be checked and compared with the previous years mileage. Additionally, cash incentives will be provided to participants (wire transfer) according to their mileage reduction rate.Cash incentives of KRW 10,000 for a 5-10% reduction, KRW 15,000 for 10-20% reduction, KRW 20,000 for 20-30% reduction, KRW 25,000 for 30-40% reduction KRW 30,000 for 40-50% reduction, and KRW 35,000 for over 50% reduction of mileage compared to the previous year will be given to participants.Incentive Payment Chart  An additional 20% given to electric cars. The mileage for the previous year will be an average of the total mileage since the date the vehicle was registered.(However, for cars owned for less than a year, the 2012 average mileage of vehicles in Seoul, 10,585km, will be used instead.))Website : http://no-driving.seoul.go.kr
The Seoul Taxicab Pothole Report System was selected as the Best Collaborative Work by the Ministry of Government Administration and Home Affairs. A total of 255 collaborative works related to task reduction and information sharing, from various newly constructed institutions, as well as public institutions, were registered in 2014. Among these, Seouls Taxicab Pothole Report System was selected as the best. In April 2013, the Seoul Metropolitan Government, Korea Smart Card Corporation, and Seoul Private Taxi Association signed a business agreement to implement the Taxicab Pothole Report System.Through the Taxicab Pothole Report System, private cab drivers, when they spot a pothole, can submit a report by pushing a button on the credit card terminal in their cab. Once the button is pushed, the location of the damage is automatically reported through the credit card terminal, which has a built-in GPS function.
The reported location of the damage is automatically transferred to the Taxi Information System of the Korea Smart Card Corporation, and the location, the date reported, and date of repair are made available on the map.
Currently, 400 cab drivers are participating in the system and over 4,200 potholes and other types of road damage have been reported up to now. These potholes are repaired within 24 hours.
What are the top 10 news stories of 2014 as selected by Seoul Citizens? The operation of Tayo Buses, which were buses in Seoul decorated as characters from the animation Tayo the Little Bus, was ranked number one with 9.7 percent of votes.
The second most voted news item was the Increase in the Number of National and Public Daycare Centers, where the city government established 296 more daycare centers from 2012 to November 2014, followed by Seouls One Less Nuclear Power Plant energy policy for the new generation, through which the city government was able to reach its target of cutting energy consumption by 2 million TOE, six months ahead of schedule. The fourth was the governments plan to Supply 80,000 rental housing units (housing) fifth, Construction of Seoul Dule-gil (life) sixth, Establishment of a Public Transport-only Area in Sinchon (transportation) seventh, Reducing Ultra-fine Particles by 20% (environment) eighth, Discovering and Supporting Low-Income Risk Households (welfare) ninth, a Safe Parcel Delivery Service for Women (women) and tenth, Operation of the Citizens Hall. The results show that Seoul citizens were interested in policies that directly influenced their own lives.The top 10 news articles were put to a vote, both on and offline, for about four weeks from November 3 (Mon) to 30 (Sun). First, 30 major policies were selected by the city government, and 6,584 Seoul citizens and Seoul city officials each picked three policies that they believed were the most influential. A total of 17,547 votes were cast. 1) Operation of Tayo Bus (1,705 votes, 9.7%): Tayo Buses, launched in March 26 in celebration of Transit Day, began with four buses but grew to 115 on 79 routes through three expansion phases, as it gained tremendous popularity with children. With cities other than Seoul, including Gwangju and Seongnam, currently having adopted Tayo Buses, this policy is considered the top contributor to improving the image of Seoul. This winter, 26 Tayo Buses with moving eyes and Rudolph Tayo Buses with red noses and antlers will be roaming the streets of Seoul from December 8 (Monday) to the middle of January 2015.2) Increase in the Number of National and Public Daycare Centers (1,586 votes, 9%): Instead of constructing new buildings, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to cooperate with companies, religious organizations, groups, and individuals to utilize existing buildings, as well as public buildings, to establish national and public daycare centers. Through this cost-reducing plan, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will establish 1,000 daycare centers by 2018, reduce its budget, and improve the quality of childcare at these daycare centers. 3) One Less Nuclear Power Plant (1,366 votes, 7.8%): Approximately 1.7 million Seoul citizens have signed up for Eco Mileage, a citizen participatory program to cut energy consumption. In two and a half years, about 450,000 TOE of energy has been saved. This policy has also promoted the increased production of new and renewable energy, such as photovoltaic energy, and by June 2014, successfully saved 2 million TOE of energy, which is equivalent to the capacity of one nuclear power plant.  4) Supply of 80,000 Rental Housing Units (1,273 votes, 7.3%): In consideration of the shortage of land in Seoul, the Seoul Metropolitan Government devised new types of housing, such as Public One-Room Housing and Guaranteed Long-term Housing and was able to procure a supply of 80,000 units by June 30. The government further plans to supply an additional 80,000 units by June 2018. 5) Construction of Seoul Dule-gil (1,267 votes, 7.2%): Eight walking courses that circle the outskirts of Seoul, totaling a length of 157km, were fully opened to the public on November 15. The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to develop various programs that start next year and will allow citizens to finish walking all eight courses of Seoul Dule-gil. 6) Establishment of Public Transport-Only Area in Sinchon (1,259 votes, 7.2%): Yonsei-ro in Sinchon was designated as the first Public Transport-Only Area in Seoul. Since then, the Seoul Metropolitan Government reported that the number of pedestrians and people using buses has increased the number of car accidents has gone down and the area has contributed to the revitalization of the local area by allowing various cultural events to be held on the street. 7) Reducing Ultra-fine Particles by 20% (873 votes, 5.0%): The Seoul Metropolitan Government is currently investing in projects to reduce ultra-fine particles by source, from the transportation sector to pollution created from everyday activities, and the city government is also pursuing collaborations with other metropolitan areas in Northeast Asia, including Beijing and Shandong. 8) Discovering and Supporting Low-Income Risk Households (804 votes, 4.6%): The Seoul Metropolitan Government offered support to over 69,000 households by deploying 260 welfare consultants in Seoul, providing support through consultations instead of applications. 9) Safe Parcel Delivery System for Women (678 votes, 3.9%): This is a system through which women can receive deliveries at parcel delivery lockers instead of from deliverymen. It was launched in July 2013 and has expanded to 100 locations this year. 10) Operation of the Citizens Hall (517 votes, 2.9%): Since its opening in January 2013, the Citizens Hall has become a major communication space for the Seoul Metropolitan Government and Seoul citizens by holding various concerts, talk shows, and performances. 
The US edition of Business Traveler named Seoul as the Best International Business Meeting Destination for the third consecutive year in the 2014 Best in Business Travel Award.The Best in Business Travel Awards is a prominent award in the MICE and tourism industries. Since 1988, the awards have been given to the best convention, airlines, hotels, airports, and freights and transportation companies across 60 categories. The host of the awards is Business Traveler, a global magazine devoted to providing information for business travelers, such as airlines, hotels, cities, and lifestyle. Since its first publication in the UK, in 1976, the magazine has been published every month or every two months in 10 regions, including the UK, US, Germany, and China. It is an outstanding magazine for travelers, with 185,000 copies published every month in the US alone.The Best International Business Meeting Destination Award was created in 2008, and in the beginning, American convention cities, including Dallas, Honolulu, and Las Vegas, have monopolized the award until 2012, when Seoul received the award for the first time. Since then Seoul has received the award for three consecutive years, winning recognition as one of the leading convention cities. Indeed, this is even more significant considering that 185,000 readers have voted on it.To receive one of these awards is to be recognized among the elite in our industry by your most demanding customer, the frequent business traveler, said Dan Booth, editorial director at Business Traveler. Thats what makes the Best in Business Travel Awards so meaningful. Our readers, your customers, these travelers, are the ones evaluating  and voting on  every aspect of every trip. He added, The awardees have the know-how and the capability to gracefully and successfully host your event through abundant experiences, outstanding technology, and a variety of entertainment. Seoul was successful in raising the level of its international recognition as a global host city for MICE and also in attracting a number of authoritative and large-scale MICE events in different areas. In a report published by UIA, Seoul rose a notch as the fourth best convention city in the world, after being ranked fifth in the same category for three consecutive years from 2010 to 2012. The Seoul Metropolitan Government also was selected to host the 2018 Congress of the Society of International Urology and the 10th World Congress of Constitutional Law in 2018.The Seoul Metropolitan Government will continue to support various policies to nurture the tourism and MICE industries. The city government will  support the invitation and the opening of MICE events (provide funding by phase, letters promising support, and proposals to host events, correct proposal presentations, and touring support for the organizers),  select a major MICE with the most growth potential in the future that can be held continuously in Seoul and provide support for the next three years,  reinforce overseas marketing activities and enhance hospitability for business travelers,  operate the Seoul Information Hall and hold traditional culture experience programs, and  develop tailored Seoul tourism programs accompanied by premium professional tour guides. Overview of Business Traveler Awards 
The Seoul Metropolitan Governments Mobile Civil Compliant Report System, the Seoul Smart Complaint Center, which is one of the city governments advanced e-government policies, will be adopted by Mumbai, the largest city in India and home to an estimated 12 million people.Launched in August 2012, the Seoul Smart Complaint Center is a mobile civil complaint report system that has enabled Seoul citizens to report the complaints or grievances they may have in all aspects of the city, including facilities, transportation, and environment, via their smartphones or the website. With this real-time mobile petition system, citizens can easily check the whole process of how their reports are being handled and settled.The ICT Civic Participation System (CPC) Development Project for Mumbai, India, was planned and promoted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government in collaboration with the World Bank, Seouls e-government project partner, and the Export-Import Bank of Korea (Korea Eximbank), which has been promoting the Knowledge Sharing Program (KSP) of Korea. The KSP was adopted by the Ministry of Strategy and Finance in 2004 to provide customized policy advice for developing countries by tapping into Koreas development experience and knowledge. The Korea Eximbank has been in charge of promoting KSP projects.In this project, each party has contributed in the following areas: a) the Seoul Metropolitan Government has provided its policy know-how on the Seoul Smart Complaint Center, b) Korea Eximbank has offered consultations regarding the application and adaptation of the policy in Mumbai, c) the World Bank allocated a USD 150,000 budget and launched the development project in November 2014, and d) two Korean SMEs, Xiilab Co. and SOA C&M won the overseas contract with their system development technology.However, since Mumbai does not yet have an advanced internet platform like Seoul, the complaint reporting and handling system that the Seoul Metropolitan Government had adopted early on via phone calls or texts will first be established and launched sometime in the first half of 2015.Currently, Mumbai City Government has been flooded with complaints from its citizens regarding the poor water supply and sewage infrastructure. However, citizens have to visit a public office to report their complaints, and they are often uninformed of how the reports are being handled.In this regard, the adoption of the Seoul Smart Complaint Center in Mumbai will be a great opportunity to demonstrate how IT can directly enhance peoples lives and also to promote Seouls e-governance system.In addition, Mumbai City officials are scheduled to visit Seoul, in January 2015, to learn the policy know-how of the Seoul Metropolitan Government, and Seoul will also introduce other outstanding policies.In 2013, the Seoul Metropolitan Government developed the City e-Government Diagnostic and Solution Framework (CeDS) in collaboration with the World Bank and provided the framework to the member cities of WeGO.Moreover, Seouls IT citizen participatory system has received great acclaim from Rutgers University. In October 2014, Rutgers University ranked Seoul as having the most advanced e-governance system for six consecutive years. 
Seoul City is operating 300 Merry Christmas Buses with  to add to the jovial atmosphere leading up to and following the New Year.The operation of the buses is intended to help people celebrate the end of the year and ring in the new with warm hearts and feelings of friendship through character-adorned public transportation, including the Tayo Bus, Larva Subway, Pororo Taxi, and Rudolf Bus.With the cooperation of the VOOZ, the sides of some city buses have been decorated with images of the female character Pucca as she engages in a snowball fight with her boyfriend, Garu, and pictures of Pucca and Garu sharing a long scarf and standing next to a warm bonfire. Also, by using city buses and subway cars in a similar way, Seoul City is planning to deliver a message of hope to Seoul citizens during the New Years holiday following Christmas, ushering in the year of the blue sheep.Additionally, Seoul City will decorate a city tour bus with Pucca-related images, as the character is particularly popular among foreigners, and display humorous no-smoking signs incorporating images of Pucca at major tourist destinations. A design option for Merry Christmas Buses with Pucca
According to a survey, the average industrial hourly wage in Seoul stands at 18,000 won. It appears that those in the following sectors earn a higher hourly wage than others: utility supply sector (26,000 won), finance and insurance sectors (25,000 won) or professional sectors, including science and technology (24,000). The survey also shows that those in the educational service sector work for shorter hours than the others (43 hours a week), while those in hotel/restaurant sectors stand at the other end of the spectrum (51 hours a week).Those earning a higher hourly wage than others: utility supply sector (26,000 won)
Average hourly wage in Seoul: 18,000 won. Those earning the highest hourly wage: utility supply sector (26,000 won), finance and insurance sectors (25,000 won), and professional sectors, including science and technology (24,000 won). Those earning the lowest hourly wage: those working for a hotel/restaurant (10,000 won), business facility management/business support (10,000 won), real estate lease (13,000 won), and wastewater treatment/raw material recycling (13,000 won).Those working for the shortest hours a week: educational service (43 hours) the longest hours a week: those working for a hotel/restaurant(51 hours)
Average per-week work hours in Seoul: 45 hours. Educational service: 43 hours (shortest hours). Their wage: 20,000 won per hour, vs. 18,000 (industrial average).  Longest work hours: those working for a hotel/restaurant (51 hours), real estate lease (48 hours), and wastewater treatment/raw material recycling (47 hours). Their wage: 10,000 won/13,000 won per hour, vs. 18,000 won (industrial average).<Table  1> Status of those employed in Seoul between first half of 2009 and first half of 2014 Note: The foregoing is the tentative results of a survey of businesses based on the wage calculation period of April 2014. All figures are the result of rounding up.
Headed by a male working in an office 48.2 years of age graduated from a junior college 2.7 household members living in a jeonse apartment monthly income: 3  3.5 million won.SourceSeoul Household Survey 2013 (for 20,000 household heads in Seoul).
"SourceSeoul Household Survey 2013 (for 20,000 household heads in Seoul).	About half (47.9%) of the households in Seoul have debt mostly associated with the purchase or lease of the house (56.0%), followed by childrens education (16.8%), stock and real estate investment (10.1%), living expenses (10.1%).SourceSeoul Household Survey 2013 (for 20,000 household heads in Seoul)."
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has started operating Winking Rudolph Tayo the Little Bus in celebration of the upcoming Christmas and New Years holidays. A total of 26 buses with this design will be operated between December 8 and mid-January 2014.The mascot images display ten different kinds of winks, and the buses will be decorated with the image of a red-nosed reindeer, deer antlers, and bells.The buses will also be used to pay visits to less-privileged neighborhoods to present year-end gifts.< Existing winking eyes >< LED-style winking eyes > Tayo the Little Bus was first operated on March 26, 2014 (Public Transportation Day), and the same buses have been run in Seongnam, Gyeonggi-do, Iksan, Andong, and Jeju-do. They are loved particularly by children.
Certification MarkThe Seoul Metropolitan Government held the 2nd Seoul Tourism Souvenir Contest over a period of 100 days, from March 17 to June 24, to develop practical and high quality souvenirs that are symbolic of Seoul. A total of 275 souvenirs from 156 companies were submitted, and the submissions were evaluated in three stages: first by experts, second by a vote of citizens and tourists, and finally by experts again. A total of 100 Seoul souvenirs with excellent design and high commercial value were selected. One hundred souvenirs selected through the contest, including traditional Korean tea set and Seoul Story folding screen
The Grand Prize went to the Country of Morning Calm Traditional Tea Set, which features a design that shows the story of the palaces in Seoul. Also at the top were the Seoul Story Folding Screen, which contains a beautifully designed image of Seoul inlaid with mother-of-pearl, a traditional Korean ornamental hairpin with traditional Korean patterns and an image of the DDP, a porcelain plate in the shape of Haechi, and the Seoul Lacquer Plate.
Certification marks of the Seoul Metropolitan Government and Design Tag will be printed on the souvenirs, and the Seoul Metropolitan Government will purchase the award winning souvenirs and use them to promote Seoul.
Furthermore, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will actively implement various policies to expand the sales of the souvenirs, which will be marketed both in Korea and abroad through official channels, such as the Official Seoul City Tourism Website (http://www.visitseoul.net). It will also produce handbooks and distribute them to the public relations departments of government organizations and private companies.
On November 25, the Seoul Metropolitan Government appointed honorary ambassadors for the sixth term of the popularly-elected mayor, tasked with bridging the communication gap between the government and the citizens of Seoul. Go Ara, Kim Na-woon, Sayuri, Kim Mi-hwa, and Choi Bool-am were appointed as honorary ambassadors for this term, and former honorary ambassadors, Kwon Hae-hyo, Kolleen Park, Kim Byeol-ah, Lee Kwang-gi, Kang Ju-bae, and Jo Se-hyeon, who have actively promoted Seoul, were reappointed for this term as well. The honorary ambassadors, in particular, have been appointed at the request and recommendation of the citizens of Seoul. The Seoul Metropolitan Government received recommendations from the citizens regarding the celebrities they wished to have appointed as honorary ambassadors, as well as requests from citizens who have plans to offer their talents or make social contributions to the city and its citizens.After the final screening, Ocarina players Jeon Gang-sik and Park Seon-ju at KoRoad, violinist Yeo Geun-ha, and customs broker Park Hee-young were selected as Honorary Citizen Ambassadors. Ocarina players Jeon Gang-sik and Park Seon-ju are a married couple, and will be holding free concerts every Wednesday evening at Hangang Park, every Friday evening at Cheonggyecheon, and weekends and holidays all around Seoul as part of the volunteer team at Seoul Open Stage. Park Hee-young is also planning to actively promote the Seoul Metropolitan Governments policies and culture and arts events at his lectures. Speaking about the ambassadors, Mayor Park Won Soon said, The honorary ambassadors for the sixth term of the popularly-elected mayor include former honorary ambassadors who have passionately promoted Seoul, new celebrities who will spread the word about the beauty and charm of Seoul through their youthful and vibrant energy, as well as Seoul citizens who have promised to volunteer and work hard for the city. He added, I believe they will carry out diverse and colorful activities for all of the citizens of Seoul. Along with these great honorary ambassadors, who represent the hopes and dreams of all Seoul citizens, I will do my best to make Seoul a great city.Seouls Honorary Ambassadors for the Sixth Term of the Popularly-Elected Mayor
On November 24, the Seoul Metropolitan Government and Los Angeles signed an agreement on strengthening friendly relations at Seoul City Hall, and Eric Garcetti, Mayor of LA, received honorary citizenship from Seoul. After the exchanges between two cities on urban security, fire and disaster management, tourism, movies and sports, with the Seoul Metropolitan Governments representatives visit to the U.S., on September 2014, Eric Garcetti made a return visit to Seoul to strike the agreement. The Seoul City Citizenship Certificate is presented to foreign dignitaries, who have contributed significantly to the operation of the metropolitan city, and Laura Chinchilla Miranda, president of Costa Rica (12), Guus Hiddink, former national soccer team coach of Korea (02), Hines Ward, former U.S. football player (06), are among those to have been recipients of the certificate.Both cities had already signed an agreement on friendly relations in 2006, and the related agreement will go beyond the previous level of amity with the inclusion of practical statements engaging urban security, fire and disaster management, tourism discounts, culture, traffic, and the environment amongst other concerns. Also, when citizens from two cities visit each other, discounts will be provided when visiting cultural and tourist facilities.  With Hokkaido as the starting point, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will carry out a discount offer project involving cultural and tourist facilities in four cities, Tokyo, Jakarta, Delhi, and Taipei, and is slated to sign an agreement with Honolulu in Hawaii and San Francisco. Park Won Soon, Seoul Mayor, said As an honorary citizen, Eric Garcetti is expected to show more attention and support to reinforce the exchanges between our two cities, and the Seoul Metropolitan Government will forge closer ties with LA, the heart of culture and tourism, while facilitating urban diplomacy that will stretch out a helping hand to Seoul citizens.
 Seoul Metropolitan Government invites global citizens to participate in interactive campaign to give missions to the runners so they can accomplish various missions given and deliver lively images of SeoulSEOUL, Nov. 19, 2014  Seoul Metropolitan Government has launched a global marketing campaign titled Run@Seoul Week over a five-day period from the November 19th to 23rd. The campaign has been designed to allow global citizens to visit Seoul and accomplish missions of finding attractions in Seoul.Run@Seoul Week has been arranged as a part of Seouls ongoing campaign called Seoul, My [   ] that continuing the participation of global citizen. If last years project was designed to convey different global citizens appreciation of Seoul through a movie, this years event is designed to promote the dynamic and lively images of Seoul through global citizens interactive participation. Five global citizens from the United States, China, Japan and Singapore have been selected as Runners. During the campaign period, the runners will travel through Seoul, carrying out different missions that are given out by Controllers from all over the world.Activities of a runner will be recorded via an action camera installed on his or her body and will be broadcasted live on the campaign website (http://www.runseoul.kr). The content may be viewed on the live channel with the preferred language selected from English, Chinese and Japanese.Controllers from all over the world will give real-time missions to the runners on their preferred language channel, and all the global citizens watching the live video stream can indirectly enjoy the images of Seoul.
The controllers who give the best missions to the runners during the campaign period will have a chance to win various prizes, including a round trip flight ticket to Seoul, Samsung Galaxy Note 4, action camera, digital camera and t-shirts.
Seoul Metropolitan Government stated The current trend shown by global tourists visiting Seoul seems to go beyond merely visiting the conventional tourist attractions. They actually prefer first-hand tourism through which they can personally experience the daily lives of Seoul citizens, such as going shopping, eating and watching performances. We hope that Run@Seoul Week can be an opportunity for global citizens to newly discover Seouls attractions and share its beauty with others, by participating directly in the scene or indirectly online.
Jang Hyuk and Kim Yoo-jung, leading stars of Hallyu, also known as the Korean Wave, have been appointed as 2014 Seoul Global Tourism Ambassadors, and they will participate in various meaningful activities with the global runners during the campaign period.
About The Run@Seoul Campaign:After five runners have selected among the global citizens who love Seoul and want to visit the Korean capital city, global citizens will give missions to the runners about where they would like to visit and what they want to do in Seoul. The missions will be broadcasted live on the microsite via the runners live action cameras.Campaign website: http://www.runseoul.kr How to participate: Any global citizens who love Seoul and are interested in Korean culture can participate as controllers via
www.runseoul.krRun@Seoul Campaign Live Video Stream Time table (KST: Korea Standard Time)For more information, contact:Peter E. KimSeoul Metropolitan Government Press RelationsOffice: +82-02-2133-2785Mobile: +82-10-9381-0822e-mail : 0822.kim@gmail.com 
On November 18, Mayor Park Won Soon discussed various means of mutual cooperation in the sectors of tourism and entertainment with Mayor Zareh Sinanyan of Glendale, California, at the mayors office in Seoul City Hall. A city located north of Los Angeles, Glendale is home to world-class entertainment businesses such as DreamWorks and Disney Animation as well as businesses engaging in the sectors of aeronautics, service, and manufacturing, including automobiles, optical machinery, and medication.Mayor Park met with Mayor Sinanyan during his visit to the United States last September. On this occasion, Mayor Sinanyan paid a visit to the Seoul Mayors office to discuss collaboration in areas of mutual interest, such as animation.
Mayor Park Won Soon visited a city and two provinces in China, for seeking truth from facts, on a five-night-six-day schedule, from November 3.[Mayor Park Won Soon at the 3rd WeGo General Assembly held in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China]Shanghai City and Shandong Province are important strongholds of the Chinese economy. Indeed, Sichuan Province is a core area for Chinas Western Development. Mr. Park Won Soons visit to the area is significant as it is the first visit of Seouls delegation to initiate discussions about mutual collaboration.In connection with the plan to attract foreign investment and tourists to the city, which the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG), led by Mr. Park Won Soon, has set as the basis for a Seoul-type creative economy, the Seoul Mayor held an IR session involving leading Chinese businesses interested in financial investment in the city, including Bank of China, in Shanghai. At the explanatory meeting about tourism in Seoul, held in Sichuan Province, 100-plus people from Chinese travel agencies and relevant institutions attended.[Mayor Park Won Soon at the signing of an MOU for collaboration between Sichuan Province and Seoul City][Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon and Shanghai Mayor Yang Xiong at the signing of an MOU for collaboration between the two cities]At the tourism information session, in Seoul, held in Sichuan Province, Mayor Park Won Soon gave a presentation, and 14 relevant businesses carried out marketing activities through one-on-one meetings with their Chinese counterparts. The Seoul mayor paid a visit to Dujiangyan, a UNESCO World Cultural Heritage site in Chengdu, Sichuan Province (registered in 2000), to benchmark the steps taken by the city, with the view of having leading cultural heritage sites in Seoul registered as UNESCO World Cultural Heritage sites. In Shandong Province, where Confucius and Mencius were born, he signed an MOU for collaboration between museums in Seoul and Shandong Province.The Seoul Mayor also attended the Environmental Technology-related Collaborative Forum, which was held as the first joint session of the two sides (Seoul and Shandong Province), following the signing of the MOU for collaboration in air quality improvement, in June 2014. The SMG set air quality as one of the core sectors of mutual collaboration with Chinese cities.The Seoul Mayor also signed MOUs with the governors of Sichuan and Shandong Provinces and the Shanghai mayor in order to bolster the collaborative networking between them. [Mayor Park Won Soon gives a welcome speech as the head of the chair city of the third WeGO General Assembly held in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China][Mayor Park Won Soon presents WeGO Awards as the head of the chair city of the third WeGO General Assembly]Mr. Park Won Soon attended the third General Assembly of the World e-Governments Organization of Cities and Local Governments (WeGO), held in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China, as the head of the chair city. WeG0 is an international cooperative body for cities and local governments that pursue sustainable city development based on e-government through exchanges and collaboration, the spread of exemplary cases, and enhancement of administrative efficiency and transparency. At present, a total of 86 cities from six countries are taking part.
Commenting on his visit to China this time around, Mayor Park Won Soon said, I set my visit to China this time to focus on diplomacy for seeking truth from facts (shishiqiushi in Chinese). I am doing what I can to publicize the capabilities of Seoul in those Chinese cities and provinces that lead the Chinese market in economy, investment, and culture, and to layout the framework of mutual exchange and collaboration. I am intent on enhancing the efficacy of a Seoul-type creative economy. The SMG will also play a leading role in making joint efforts for air quality improvement in the region, stressing that the unity between the cities in the region is crucial in that effort. [Mayor Park Won Soon greets mayors of foreign countries at the third WeGO General Assembly held in Chengdu, Sichuan Province, China][Mayor Park Won Soon gives a presentation at an explanatory session of the Seoul City-related investment environment held in Shanghai]
In 2013, Seoul citizens called the 119 Seoul Emergency Operation Center every 12.8  seconds. The 119 Seoul Emergency Operation Center is responsible for serving as the first line of response to emergency situations such as fires, rescues, and first aid, providing first aid instructions and directions to hospitals and pharmacies for citizens, offering chronic disease counseling, and providing interpretation for foreign 119 callers.By type, the duration of calls was 1.2 minutes for emergencies, 9.3 minutes for rescues, 24.7 minutes for fires, 39 minutes for animal safety, 1.5 minutes for providing first aid instructions and the locations of hospitals and pharmacies, and 1 minute for chronic disease counseling and interpretation for foreigners calling 119. In 2013 alone, a total of 2,470,457 calls were made, making an average of about 6,768 cases per day.< Calls made to 119 Seoul Emergency Operation Center in 2013 >In the 10 years from 2004 to 2013, a total of 26.9 million 119 calls were received. Of these calls, miscellaneous calls, including general health and safety counseling, accounted for 44 percent, followed by accidental calls and no-answer calls at 31.4 percent, rescues at 15.7 percent, calls to the First Aid Management Center (First Aid instructions and hospital and pharmacy location instructions) at 2.3 percent, calls transferred to law enforcement organizations at 2.2 percent, rescues at 1.6 percent, and fires at 1.2 percent.Originally, the 119 Seoul Emergency Operation Center was only responsible for calls regarding fires, rescues, and first aid. However, since June 2012, it has also been accepting calls that used to be made to 1339 for first aid instructions and directions to on-duty hospitals and pharmacies. 119 First Aid Management Center (Originally, 1339 Hospital and Pharmacy Location Provider)
Also, starting in 2013, the Health Call Center became part of the 119 Seoul Emergency Operations Center. The Health Call Center is the organization in charge of providing counseling for chronic diseases and health examination results, as well as interpretations for foreigners who call 911. In 2013 alone, the Health Call Center received a total of 2,429 calls that required interpretation. By language, 67.6 percent of the calls were in English, 17.7 percent in Chinese, and 11.4 percent in Japanese. Health Call Center (Chronic Diseases, Health Examination Results, Foreigner Inquiries, etc.)
 Foreigner Usage by Language (2,429 cases) Some of the most ridiculous calls, as selected by 119 personnel, included a 119 call in which a person claimed that her baby was dying, but it turned out she was talking about her dog. Other cases included a person calling for an ambulance because he had no money for a cab, people requesting 119 personnel to catch rats, bees, and bugs, and others calling to ask for toilet paper from the bathroom stall. However, there were many times when 911 agents felt their work was worthwhile, such as when they rescued a person who almost committed suicide, and other emergency rescue missions.
Research revealed that a total of 68.62 million people visited Hangang Parks in 2013, with people visiting the parks 6.6 times per person, on average, during the year.Yeouido Park was the most popular with 29.64 million visitors. And April was the peak month with 14.44 million people visiting the parks at that time.  68.62 million visitors to Hangang Parks in 2013, with an average of each Seoul citizen visiting 6.6 times during the year  Source: Seoul Metropolitan Hangang Project Headquarters / Number of Hangang Park Users (by year)  Yeouido Park, Most Visited with 29.64 Million Users  April, Peak Month with 14.44 Million Users (21.0%)Chart 3. Number of Hangang Park Users by Month in 2013 (Unit: 10,000 people, %) Source Seoul Metropolitan Hangang Project Headquarters  (http://hangang.seoul.go.kr)
Mayor Park Won Soon met with San Francisco Mayor Edwin M. Lee on September 26 at the San Francisco City Hall and signed an MOU on tourism and culture, with the goal of strengthening exchange and cooperation between the two cities and promoting discount services at cultural and tourist facilities.The MOU mainly focuses on the exchange of discount services at various cultural and tourist facilities of the two cities, including museums and gallery exhibitions, as well as the exchange of the cities symbols.The two mayors also discussed issues related to sharing economy and multicultural policies. Concerning sharing economy, Mayor Park gained a number of ideas and inspirations that will aid in realizing Sharing City Seoul. The ideas are based on the experiences of San Francisco, the innovative city where sharing economy was born. Also, the two mayors discussed urban development based on innovation and sharing economy, introducing a number of policies and projects implemented by the two cities.In March 2012, San Francisco launched the worlds first Sharing Economy Working Group , in cooperation with companies such as Airbnb and non-profit organizations such as Shareable, and the city is currently pursuing policies related to sharing economy. RelayRides (car-sharing), Airbnb (home-sharing), and Taskrabbit (a marketplace that allows users to outsource small jobs and tasks to other people in the neighborhood) are some of the major sharing economy services that were launched in San Francisco.Since becoming sister cities in May 1976, both San Francisco and Seoul have maintained continuous exchanges with each other through visitations of delegations from both cities as well as the dispatch of staff. About 31.3 percent of San Franciscos population is Asian, and 14.1 percent is Hispanic, which together account for about half of the population, making San Francisco an open city of rich cultural history where various races and ethnic groups can boldly express their opinions. Mayor Edwin Lee, inaugurated in 2011, is the first Asian mayor of San Francisco.After the meeting, Mayor Park visited the headquarters of Twitter and met with Twitter CCO Gabriel Stricker. Currently, Mayor Park has about 905,000 followers on Twitter.Twitter is a major social networking service with around 270 million users  who tweet every month, and about 500 million tweets are posted every day. Since the fifth term of the popularly-elected mayor of Seoul began in 2011, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has announced Citizen Participation and Cooperation Based on Communication as its major policy foundation, and is currently managing a total of 104 Twitter accounts (40 main departments, 64 project offices).Mayor Park and Gabriel Stricker discussed ways to expand exchange and enhance cooperation between Seoul Metropolitan Government and Twitter, such as the development of ways to quickly spread the use of Twitter Lifeline. Created in July 2013, Twitter Lifeline is a service that was developed by Seoul Metropolitan Government and Twitter Korea to allow smartphone users to easily check real-time information on disasters, such as flooding or snowstorms, when they are unable to receive information on such disasters through public TV or radio broadcasts.Mayor Park also visited the production plant where Teslas Model S electric car is made, and personally tested the Supercharger, the fastest photovoltaic energy charging station. Between 2009 and 2013, Seoul Metropolitan Government established the use of 1,211 electric cars as official vehicles, electric buses, and call taxis for people with disabilities. Also, since September this year, the city government has been operating ten eco-friendly, emission-free electric taxis, which require only 13 percent of the fuel cost of LPG taxis.We will do our best to increase the number of opportunities our citizens have to experience culture and the arts through the tourism and cultural cooperation of Seoul and San Francisco, said Mayor Park Won Soon. He also added, I will also pursue policies that utilize Seouls uniqueness to revitalize culture and tourism in Seoul, and do my best to turn Seoul into an ideal city for tourism and sightseeing and a hospitable city where people are warm and friendly. Starting with the culture and tourism industry, Seoul will work with San Francisco to create a collaborative system through which both cities will be able to grow together.
On September 25, Mayor Park Won Soon, who is currently on an official tour in the United States to strengthen cooperation among cities regarding the establishment of a Seoul-style creative economy model, visited Stanford University in San Francisco to give a special lecture titled Good Governance in South Korea: Mobilizing Citizens through Engaged Communication.In 2005, Mayor Park spent a year at Stanford University as a visiting professor. And this time, he was invited by the Shorenstein Asia-Pacific Research Center of Stanford University to give a lecture, which was attended by about 100 students and faculty members.
During his lecture, Mayor Park openly shared some of his personal stories, which included his experiences with the administration of Seoul and his efforts as mayor to resolve various urban issues in the world today through innovation and engaged communication with citizens, as well as his very personal story about living as a social designer.
Mayor Park emphasized the necessity of finding new, more innovative alternatives to resolve the social issues that the world is facing, including poverty, inequality, climate change, global warming, low fertility rates, and aging societies.Since his inauguration as the mayor of Seoul, Seoul Metropolitan Government has established Citizens are the mayor as its motto, and implemented a number of innovative administrative policies, such as direct communication with the citizens through Twitter, Facebook, and other social networking services participatory budgeting disclosure of administrative information of Seoul Metropolitan Government and On-the-Site Mayors Office. In recognition of these efforts, Seoul Metropolitan Government received several UN Public Service Awards in 2013.Seoul Metropolitan Government received the UN Public Service Awards for its various public service initiatives, including the Seoul Welfare Standards, Eco-mileage program, Initiative for Women of Single-person Households, and Preventing and Combating Corruption in the Public Service. It received four of the twelve awards given to the Asia-Pacific region, setting the record for the institution receiving the most UN Public Service Awards in a year.Regarding his life and experiences, Mayor Park talked about his college experiences, his activities as a human rights lawyer, his participation in Peoples Solidarity for Participatory Democracy, and his founding of the Beautiful Foundation and the Hope Institute. The world is for people who dream, was the main theme of the message he delivered. After his special lecture, Mayor Park visited the Institute of Design, which is one of the most popular places in Stanford University. The Institute of Design was founded by Hasso Plattner, the co-founder of SAP, and it is a place where students learn how to design their ideas, focusing on collaboration and learning by doing.Additionally, Mayor Park signed an MOU with two Silicon Valley start-up investors (Formation8 and AngelList), pledging to collaborate with the companies in expanding investment for start-ups in Seoul and fostering outstanding start-ups. In particular, Seoul Metropolitan Government promised to discover and recommend outstanding start-ups, and following an evaluation, the companies will invest in them.Through this visit to Silicon Valley, the foundation of the knowledge industry, where a number of start-up companies became successful through their own specialized technology and knowledge, I hope that Seoul Metropolitan Government will be able to develop into a global city that is ideal for start-ups, said Mayor Park Won Soon, asking for the participants support. He also added, Seoul Metropolitan Government will also actively offer any necessary administrative support for companies in the Silicon Valley, including Formation8 and AngelList, to make investments in Korea.
On September 27, Mayor Park Won Soon visited the LA Emergency Operation Center (EOC), the site of urban safety policies, and met with Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti.To minimize the damage caused by disasters, the City of Los Angeles established the Emergency Operation Organization (EOO) in 1980, becoming the first American regional government to form such an organization. The EOO is an organization that monitors and manages various types of disasters, including natural disasters such as earthquakes and wildfires. In addition, the city has established, and is currently operating, the EOC directly under the mayor.Mayor Park also took a ride in a helicopter to see the places where disasters, such as wildfires and floods, regularly occur. Speaking with NGOs and local communities, he also learned about various cases in which the people and public institutions collaborated on disaster response efforts.Mayor Park was officially invited by Mayor Garcetti to meet with him at 10 a.m. (local time) at Getty House. Mayor Garcetti has previously served as president of the City Council of Los Angeles, and was in the spotlight in July 2014 for being the youngest mayor of Los Angeles in 100 years.In particular, Mayor Park and Mayor Garcetti promised to sign an MOU regarding mutual exchange and collaboration in various fields, including city safety, tourism, film, and sports. The MOU will be signed in November 2014, during Mayor Garcettis visit to Seoul.
On October 1, Mayor Park Won Soon met with Annise Parker, the mayor of Houston, and signed an MOU for mutual cooperation and exchange. Houston is a booming city in the southern part of Texas, U.S., with a Korean population of 165,000, the seventh largest Korean population in the country.Through this MOU, Seoul citizens visiting Houston and Houston citizens visiting Seoul will receive discounts when using cultural and tourism facilities in each city. In addition, the two cities have decided to establish regular, strengthened exchanges and cooperation with each other in various sectors, including economy, culture and tourism, and climate change. Starting with Hokkaido, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has promoted the cultural and tourism facilities discount project with six cities, including Tokyo, Jakarta, Delhi, Taipei, and Honolulu. The city will further expand this project to cities where there is a huge inflow of Seoul citizens, such as Beijing and Manila.In addition, on the same day, Mayor Park also presented Houston Mayor Annise Parker with an Honorary Seoul Citizen certificate. Honorary Seoul citizenship is granted to foreigners who have visited Seoul and greatly contributed to the administration of the Seoul Metropolitan Government. Other honorary citizens of Seoul include heads of states, such as the governor of Chinas Sichuan Province (2014) and Costa Rican President Laura Chinchilla Miranda (2012), as well as Guus Hiddink, the former coach of the Korean national soccer team (2002), and Hines Ward, an American football player (2006).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government provided free flu vaccinations and tuberculosis checkups for the underprivileged and the homeless from October 23 to November 6, 2014.Related organizations, such as Homeless Seoul and the Flophouse Counseling Centers, visited areas with a large underprivileged population, including homeless people, to carry out the vaccinations and medical tests. Being held for 13 days, over 80 people have volunteered for the program. In addition, Sanofi Pasteur, the largest global pharmaceutical company dedicated to vaccines, provided 3,800 doses of VAXIGRIP, valued at KRW 100 million, free of charge.
In particular, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will conduct tuberculosis checkups and offer hospital treatment for a certain period of time for those who test positive. Furthermore, the city government will thoroughly follow up on the status of these patients through district health centers and free clinics for the homeless. Since 2011, the number of people infected with tuberculosis has been decreasing. According to the tuberculosis checkup conducted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government in the first half of this year, 15 out of 1,346 people tested positive for the disease and received treatment.Sanofi PasteurEstablished in 1997, Sanofi Pasteur is the largest company in the world devoted entirely to vaccines, and is currently manufacturing a wide range of vaccine products to prevent the spread of about 20 different contagious diseases. In 2010, Sanofi Pasteur provided over 1.6 billion doses of vaccines, allowing about 500 million people throughout the world to receive vaccinations.
Moreover, in 2011 and 2012, the company provided free vaccinations to 2,500 homeless and 5,000 underprivileged people. In Seoul, Sanofi Pasteur has been expanding its support for vaccinations, providing free hepatitis A vaccinations to 500 youths from low-income families in Seoul last June.
The Seoul Lantern Festival will be held every day from November 7 (Fri) to 23 (Sun) between 5 pm and 11 pm at the Cheonggyecheon (stream) under the theme Bright World Heritage in Seoul.First held in 2009, the Seoul Lantern Festival has become a huge 17-day-long annual event, attracting about 2.5 million people every year, and is held from the first Friday to the third Sunday of November.The highlight of this years Seoul Lantern Festival is the eight-meter-tall Wish Tree, which will showcase wish lanterns in various colors, containing the wishes of 200 Seoul citizens and foreigners.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government established the professional and independent Seoul Lantern Festival Organizing Committee in June 2014 to develop the annual Seoul Lantern Festival into a prominent culture and tourism festival. The event showcases beautiful lights that represent the uniqueness of Seoul, where the traditional and the modern come together. It is sponsored by the Cultural Heritage Administration and the Korean National Commission for UNESCO.
The name of the festival was selected through a name idea contest held in July and a survey conducted in August, with expert opinions also taken into consideration. Until now, the lantern festival had focused on showcasing traditional lanterns, but starting this year, it will include a combination of traditional lanterns and modern lights, such as LED lights. The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to increase the participation of stores and shops in the Cheonggyecheon (stream) area, as well as lighting manufacturers and designers, in this festival. Also, the city government will foster and expand the festival into a world class event by working with travel agencies and creating tourism products based on the festival.
On October 1, Mayor Park Won Soon received the top prize in the Campaign Pledge category at the awards ceremony for the 2014 Manifesto Promise Awards, which was held at the International Conference Hall of the Seoul Global Center. The Manifesto Promise Awards, held every four years, is hosted by the Korea Manifesto Center to discover and spread exemplary campaign pledges of all kinds. This was the second time the awards ceremony has been held. The Korea Manifesto Center is a civic organization that evaluates campaign pledges and information disclosure, provides information on pledges to voters, and establishes manifesto networks.The center evaluated all of the collected pledges, campaign pledge pamphlets, and pledge reports proposed by candidates for the head of regional governments, local governments, and superintendents of education in the recent June 4 regional election. The winners were selected through an evaluation of the pledges in a total of 22 areas in three categories: Creativity (10 points), Content (20 points), and Format (20 points).Mayor Park Won Soon has a deep understanding of the local issues and suggests policy responses to deal with these issues, explained an official from the Korea Manifesto Center regarding the reason Mayor Park received the top prize. The official continued by saying, All of his pledges are systematically organized based on his vision of transforming Seoul into a people-centered city where the lives and safety of the citizens are the highest priority. In particular, he was the only mayoral candidate of a metropolitan city to state the final goals, timelines, expected budget, procurement, and implementation procedures in his campaign pledges.Mayor Park Won Soon announced his vision for Seoul in the sixth term of the popularly-elected mayor (2014-2018) as People-centered Seoul, Citizen-happy Seoul. He proposed 60 policy pledges (153 pledge projects) to make Seoul a safe city, hospitable city, dreaming city, and breathing city, 101 proposals (101 innovative pledges) to make small changes in the lives of Seoul citizens, and 12 citizen-proposed pledges that were selected through a competition in which the citizens of Seoul submitted their own pledge ideas. Through the Manifesto Awards, Mayor Parks campaign pledges were recognized for their excellence. 
In relation to this, the Seoul Metropolitan Government outlines the pledges proposed for the sixth term of the elected mayor of Seoul and announced the Four Year Plan for Seoul, which details the administrative direction and key policies for the term.
< Discussion on Citizen-Proposed Pledge Implementation Plan >In the fifth term of the popularly-elected mayor of Seoul, the Seoul Metropolitan Government also received the top award from the Good Law for pledge implementation, and received an A rating in the pledge implementation evaluation conducted by the Korea Manifesto Center.Mayor Park commented that his pledges were highly evaluated because they were made with the citizens of Seoul, and he vowed to work hard to realize all of the pledges he made to the citizens regarding the creation of a People-centered Seoul, Citizen-happy Seoul.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has launched a month-long campaign to correct errors on foreign language street signs in an effort to prevent confusion among foreigners visiting Seoul. The campaign will be held for exactly 32 days, from September 30 to October 31. Any signs in foreign languages that are installed in Seoul and managed by the Seoul Metropolitan Government are included in the campaign. (Please refer to the images below.)The Seoul Metropolitan Government will give out a small number of prizes and souvenirs to individuals who report the highest number of signs with errors and the most important errors, as well as to all participants. Participants can check whether the signs comply with the Seoul Metropolitan Governments criteria for the translation of Korean words into foreign languages on the citys website dictionary.seoul.go.kr
On September 23, Mayor Park Won Soon, who is currently visiting the United States, met with Andrew Steer, the president and CEO of the World Resources Institute, a top think tank on the environment (2012, UPenns Global Go To Think Tanks Index Report). They discussed establishing cooperation in the areas of environment, energy, and urban renewal and signed an MOU to enhance such cooperation.The World Resources Institute (WRI) is a think tank that has about 450 researchers, as well as the active cooperation of 50 countries, including China, India, and Brazil. The institute aims to realize an eco-friendly society that promotes sustainability and economic growth while protecting the Earths environmental resources.Through the MOU, WRI will aid Seoul in spreading the citys policies and projects in various areas, including energy, residential issues, and transportation, through its global city program and future global reports (i.e., World Resources Report). Seoul agreed to do the same through the activities of the Seoul Institute and other prominent Korean research institutes.Moreover, WRI and the Seoul Metropolitan Government promised to actively carry out joint research projects geared toward creating a foundation for sustainable and eco-friendly policies, including the second phase of Seouls project to reduce the number of nuclear power plants, research related to alternative energy sources, and eco-friendly transportation policies.Mayor Park also met with Ann Hidalgo, the mayor of Paris, and signed a cooperative climate MOU. At the meeting, Mayor Park emphasized that the role of cities are as important, if not more so, than the role of countries in terms of climate policy.Both cities will pursue cooperative activities, such as the sharing of model policies on responses to climate change, sustainable development, science and technology, and culture, establishing real ties by joining and participating in international institutions and meetings that will be held in each city, and providing training in administrative affairs through the mutual exchange of staff and experts, as well as sharing policy information and knowledge.
In particular, both cities will strengthen cooperation in response to climate change. Seoul, which will host the ICLEI World Congress in April 2015, will cooperate with Paris so that the commitments of cities around the world to respond to climate change and calls to strengthen cities voluntary responses to climate change can be transferred to COP21, which will be held in Paris at the end of 2015.
Along with Paris, an advanced city not only in terms of culture but also in its response to climate change, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will expand practical exchange to establish a cooperative system through which both our cities can grow, remarked Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon. Based on this, we will work with other global cities at the ICLEI World Congress 2014, and other events, to establish practical and specific plans to respond to climate change.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is running the Seoul Storytelling Tour program for foreigners, free of charge, from June to October 2014 (30 tours).The Seoul Storytelling Tour comprises interesting and foreigner-friendly guided tours of various sights in different languages, allowing foreigners to fully appreciate and enjoy Korean culture, as well as a number of games to provide participants with memorable experiences of Korean culture. The tours are two hours long, and are held in six different areas:  Sejong-daero Hangeul Gaon-gil,  Seoul City Wall  Naksan Section,  Dongdaemun area  Seoul Baekje Hall Cultural Heritage,  Hangang (Banpo), and  Hangang (Yeouido). The tours are held on Thursdays between 2 pm and 4 pm (6:30 pm and 8:30 pm for the Hangang Banpo tour), and participation is free of charge. Each tour accepts 100 people on a first-come, first-served basis, with a minimum of 20 participants required. Koreans accompanying foreigners are welcome on the tour otherwise, the tour is for foreigners only. The tours are operated in English, Chinese, or Japanese, depending on the date of the tour.So far, about 700 foreigners from 21 countries have participated in a total of 11 tours, and the Seoul Metropolitan Government expects a total of about 3000 foreigners to participate in the tours. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government sent out 3.41 million property tax bills totaling KRW 2.2077 trillion to the owners of residential buildings and plots of land in Seoul in the second half of 2014.The Seoul Metropolitan Government sent out 3.41 million property tax bills totaling KRW 2.2077 trillion to the owners of residential buildings and plots of land in Seoul in the second half of 2014.Property tax is imposed on owners of residential buildings, lots of land, non-residential structures, and others, and the tax for the year is billed in two installments, in July and September. In July, the government imposed a total of KRW 1.221 trillion on half of the property tax for residential buildings. Property tax on structures, ships, and aircrafts has also been billed. This month, the remaining half of the property tax on residential buildings and lots of lands, amounting to KRW 2.2077 trillion, has been levied on the owners.[Property Liable for Tax by Due Date]The total amount of property tax levied on Seoul citizens this year is KRW 3.4287 trillion, which is KRW 188.7 billion (5.8%) higher than the previous year (KRW 3.24 trillion). By property type, KRW 1.4367 trillion was imposed on residential buildings, KRW 495 billion on other structures, and KRW 1.4937 on land and others. [Total Property Tax in 2014](Unit: KRW 100 million, %)Regarding changes in property tax rates, the tax on residential buildings has increased by 3% (KRW 42.1 billion), lots of land by 5.5% (KRW 77.9 billion), and structures by 15.6% (KRW 66.7 billion). The reason for the 5.8% (KRW 188.7 billion) increase in property tax this year is the higher declared property value of residential buildings, land, and structures compared to last year.[Property Tax Rate Variations by Property Liable for Taxation](Unit: thousands of cases, KRW 100 million, %)(Unit: thousands of cases, KRW 100 million, %)By district, Gangnam-gu topped the list with KRW 415.4 billion in property tax, followed by Seocho-gu with KRW 229.5 billion, and Songpa-gu with KRW 197.2 billion. The district with the least amount of property tax was Dobong-gu with KRW 27.6 billion, followed by Gangbuk-gu with KRW 29 billion, and Jungnang-gu with KRW 35.1 billion. Compared to last year, the largest increase in September property tax occurred in Gangseo-gu, with an increase of 16.3% (KRW 11.7 billion), followed by Eunpyeong-gu with 12% (KRW 4.9 billion), and Songpa-gu with 9.1% (KRW 16.5 billion). However, a decrease of 0.7% (KRW 700 million) occurred in Yongsan-gu. To achieve fiscal balance among the districts, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to evenly distribute KRW 896.2 billion in joint property tax revenue among the 25 districts of Seoul, amounting to KRW 35.8 billion per district. The joint property tax revenue system is a system in which 50% of the imposed property tax is collected as Seoul Metropolitan City Property Tax and then evenly distributed among the 25 districts. It was first implemented in 2008 to narrow the fiscal gap between the districts in the southern and northern parts of Seoul. Districts in the southern part of Seoul bring in 15.3 times more tax revenue through property tax than the districts in the northern part of Seoul, but this number dropped to 4.4 after the distribution. [Imposition of Property Tax by District in September 2014](Unit: billions of KRW)
On September 22, Mayor Park Won Soon had a meeting with Daniel Russel, US Assistant Secretary of State for the Bureau of East Asian and Pacific Affairs.Mayor Park also attended the 2014 Financial Hub Seoul Conference held at the New York Marriott Marquis, which was co-hosted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Financial Supervisory Service. He explained Seouls financial and investment environment to New Yorks most prominent financial institutions and encouraged active investment in Seoul.At the conference were over 100 high-level associates from 60 global financial companies, including JP Morgan, BNY Mellon, and Morgan Stanley. Participants showed great interest in the financial policies of Seoul and engaged in an active debate.Vice President Eric H. Hoffman of AON Korea gave a presentation on the various advantages of the Korean financial market, including financial business in Seoul from a foreign financial executives perspective and life in Korea for a foreign resident. President John Whitaker of AIGGRE, who is in charge of rental and operations at IFC Seoul, actively promoted the benefits provided for businesses that move into the IFC.
In order to attract foreign investors, Seoul City also took care to emphasize Seouls qualities as a global city, highlighting the foreign schools, rental apartments for foreign residents, and foreigner-specific medical services established for the enhanced convenience of the citys foreign residents.In a private meeting with Chairman Michael ONeill of Citigroup, Mayor Park encouraged the chairmans interest in financial investment in the Seoul Metropolitan Government. He also signed an MOU with BBCN Bank, the largest Korean-owned bank in the US, in support of financial hub policies and cooperation in creating a financial center in Yeoui-do. With headquarters in Los Angeles, BBCN Bank is the largest Korean-owned bank in the US, with 50 branches. It was selected as part of the Best Banks in America rating by Forbes magazine in 2014.In order to transform itself into a global financial hub in East Asia, Seoul City has designated Yeoui-do as a key international financial district and built IFC Seoul, its most important facility. Seoul City has also devoted a great deal of effort in terms of policy on the entrenchment of Yeoui-do as a financial authority both in Korea and abroad.Financial investment information sessions held
Mayor Park Won Soon stated, Through this years Financial Hub Seoul Conference held in New York, which is home to many global financial institutions, we sufficiently communicated the message that Seoul is a highly attractive location prepared to become an Asian financial hub. We expect this conference to be an opportunity for those in the financial sector to consider using Seoul as a way to expand into Asia.
The 2014 Seoul International Forum on Air Quality Improvement, an arena for discussion among Seoul and 14 major Northeast Asian cities on the role of the city in air quality improvement and methods for cooperation, was held on September 24 and 25. The 14 cities and areas represented at this forum were: Seoul, Gyeonggi Province, and Incheon (Korea) Beijing, Shandong Province, Hong Kong, Shanghai, Sichuan Province, Chengdu, and Zhejiang Province (China) Tokyo, Fukuoka, and Kitakyushu (Japan) and Ulan Bator (Mongolia).The Seoul Metropolitan Government is investing in various self-directed efforts to improve the citys air quality, including converting city buses from diesel to CNG and attaching exhaust reduction devices to diesel vehicles. However, as at least 30 to 50 percent of ultrafine dust pollution is created by neighboring Northeast Asian countries, this years forum focused on finding ways for major Northeast Asian cities to cooperate on achieving a revolutionary improvement in air quality in the region.As Northeast Asia has high levels of air pollution, due to its high population concentrations and many factory districts, and is significantly influenced by yellow dust created by wind storms, the formation of an inter-city air quality improvement network is vital. Also, due to the long distances that air pollutants can travel, moving freely across national borders and resulting in the limited effectiveness of air pollution reduction policies carried out by only certain cities, cooperation and joint responses with neighboring countries and/or cities is necessary.While creating a general atmosphere of acknowledgement of the need for air quality improvement by Northeast Asian cities, the Seoul Metropolitan Government made various proposals for joint solutions, including the formation of a secretariat and/or consultative body, hosting of a regularly-held forum, and the establishment of a climate change fund.At the expert forum, Seoul City gave a presentation on concrete ways in which it has improved the citys air quality over the years, such as the change from diesel to CNG buses and the six-day system for car owners. It revealed that as a result of such policies, the ultrafine dust concentration in Seoul in 2012 (41/) was the lowest ever recorded since the 1995 reading (78/).Seoul City is currently taking several steps to improve air quality, including washing roads with water by operating year-round road dust absorption cleaning vehicles, changing from diesel buses and cleaning vehicles to CNG, attaching exhaust reduction devices to diesel cars, improving LPG engines, and operating the six-day system for privately-owned vehicles (vehicle cannot be used for one day of the week). Seoul City is also making more concerted efforts to improve air quality by carrying out reduction policies for ultrafine dust (PM2.5), which is particularly harmful to human health, in addition to the existing policies on fine dust (PM10). By establishing the PM2.5 consumer alert system on October 1, 2013, Seoul has been able to provide improved data on air quality to its citizens. Seoul City signed MOUs regarding cooperation on air quality improvement with Ulan Bator (February 2014) and Shandong Province (June 2014). On September 26, it also signed an MOU with Hong Kong. 
If you are a Seoul citizen planning to visit Honolulu, Hawaii, where Waikiki Beach stretches for miles, make sure to bring your ID with it, you can receive discounts at major cultural and tourist facilities around the city. On June 19, Mayor Park Won Soon met with Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell during his official visit to Seoul and discussed ways to promote exchange and cooperation between the two cities regarding culture and tourism, and signed an MOU.In the future, the citizens of Seoul and Honolulu will be able to receive discounts at cultural and tourist facilities when visiting each others cities. Specific details of the arrangement will be determined through working level meetings.The Seoul Metropolitan Government first signed an MOU on the exchange of discount services at cultural and tourist facilities with Hokkaido, followed by four other cities  Tokyo, Jakarta, Delhi, and Taipei. Soon, this policy will include more cities around the world that are frequented by Korean travellers, such as Beijing and Manila.Seoul and Honolulu became sister cities in 1973, but this is the first time the mayor of Honolulu has made an official visit to Seoul regarding exchange and cooperation. Seoul and Honolulu have been sister cities for a long time, and are now able to pursue practical exchanges, such as offering discounts on admission to cultural and tourist facilities for our citizens, through this MOU, remarked Mayor Park Won Soon. In the future, we will establish more such forge similar agreements with other cities so that our citizens will have more opportunities to enjoy and appreciate culture and the arts around the world.
On July 28, Mayor Park Won Soon met with Wei Hong (), governor of Sichuan Province, China, who visited Seoul at the official invitation of the Seoul Metropolitan Government, and promised to strengthen exchange and cooperation between Seoul and Sichuan. In addition, Governor Wei Hong was granted an Honorary Seoul Citizen certificate.The Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Sichuan Government signed an MOU on expanding mutual exchange and cooperation. Mayor Park and Governor Wei Hong decided to strengthen exchange and cooperation in a number of different areas, including the economy, urban construction, and tourism, and establish regular exchanges between the two cities. Honorary Seoul Citizenships are given to important foreign guests who have made significant contributions to the operation of Seouls administration. Other Honorary Seoul Citizens include heads of states, such as Laura Chinchilla Miranda, former president of Costa Rica (2012), and other notable individuals, such as Guus Hiddink, former coach of the Korean national soccer team (2002), and Hines Ward, an American football player (2006).I hope that, as an Honorary Seoul Citizen, Sichuan Governor Wei Hong will focus on and support exchanges between Seoul and Sichuan, said Mayor Park Won Soon. By strengthening our ties with Sichuan, a major province in western China and the base of Chinas Western Development policy, we will work toward launching practical policies and projects, such as mutual discount services for the citizens of both cities when visiting cultural and tourist facilities of each others cities.The Seoul Metropolitan Government sent USD 300,000 of relief funding through the Korean Embassy in China after the Great Sichuan Earthquake (May 21, 2008), and also sent 100,000 bottles of Arisu water to children in the areas damaged by the earthquake (Jun 5, 2008).
On July 23, Mayor Park Won Soon met with Tokyo Governor Masuzoe Yoichi, during his official visit to Seoul, to discuss exchange and cooperation regarding urban safety, environment, welfare, culture and tourism, and sports, and signed an MOU.The governor of Tokyo shared with Seoul his citys accumulated knowledge on urban safety, such as earthquake-proofing deteriorating structures and urban infrastructure and measures to prevent and deal with terrorist activities in the subway system. Moreover, Seoul will cooperate with Tokyo to ensure the successful hosting of the 2020 Tokyo Summer Olympics and Paralympics.Mayor Park and Governor Masuzoe also discussed practical methods of exchange and cooperation, in terms of challenges that require joint responses, including Northeast Asias ultrafine particle (PM2.5) air quality issue, the attraction of tourists to both cities, and response measures for avian influenza and other epidemics.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government hopes that Governor Masuzoes visit will be a turning point in the level of exchange between the two cities, encouraging them to strengthen their relationship beyond that of the past and come up with practical measures for exchange that will benefit the citizens of both cities.Seoul and Tokyo became sister cities on September 3, 1988, and have been pursuing exchange and cooperation in various sectors, such as environment, transportation, and urban planning. In particular, the first foreign city that Mayor Park visited after his inauguration as Seoul Mayor in February 2012 was Tokyo, where he toured facilities related to the prevention of damage by rainstorms, snowstorms, and earthquakes.The governments of Seoul and Tokyo have discussed the One-Asia Pass project, which focuses on providing benefits for citizens of sister cities when using cultural or tourist facilities, said Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon. He also added, We have decided to share various practical policies, technologies, and information and cooperate in various areas. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will continue to work towards applying policy knowledge that we have gained through discussions and exchanges with other foreign cities to the development of beneficial policies and projects for our own citizens.
In accordance with an official request for cooperation received on September 16 by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Korea on establishing a UN office in Seoul to investigate North Korean human rights violations, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will be engaging in working-level negotiations regarding the establishment of the office in the Seoul Global Center building.The working-level discussions on establishing the UN office will take place with the close cooperation of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights (OHCHR), and the Permanent Mission of the Republic of Korea in Geneva.The plans for the establishment of the UN office began with a recommendation by the UN Commission of Inquiry on North Korean human rights in February 2013, with discussions beginning in earnest after the Korean government accepted the request from the OHCHR to establish the office in Korea.
Seoul Metropolitan City will receive a Special Mention at the 5th Metropolis Awards for its Sharing City policy. This years awards ceremony will be held during the 11th Metropolis Congress (Oct 6 to Oct 10, 2014) in India. A number of prize-winning policies of large cities around the world, along with Seouls Sharing City policy, will be introduced at the ceremony. The Metropolis Awards are granted to celebrate policies of cities around the world that have contributed to enhancing the quality of life for their citizens. Hosted by Metropolis, a leading international association of cities and metropolitan regions, the Metropolis Awards (first, second, and third prizes, and the Special Mention award) have been presented every three years since its establishment in 2002. Metropolis is an international association that was created in 1985 to resolve common issues among cities and metropolitan regions around the world, and to encourage urban development through inter-city exchanges. Currently, it consists of 171 member cities.For the past two years, Seouls Sharing City policy has contributed to resolving Seouls social and economic issues by spreading sharing culture, said a Metropolis official, speaking about Seouls selection as an award recipient.The Sharing City policy began after Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon announced the Sharing City Seoul project in September 2012. Unlike some other cities in the United States and Europe that have launched policies centered on civic groups or businesses, Seoul is the first to adopt a new type of sharing project model that attempts to resolve urban issues at the public level. Through various policies, such as Sharing Hub, Sharing Public Facilities and Spaces, Car Sharing, and Room Sharing, Seoul has worked hard to propagate the concept of the sharing economy, and also contributed to the expansion of related businesses.In 2002, the Seoul Metropolitan Government received a Special Mention for its Online Procedures Enhancement for Civil Applications (OPEN) system. Also, in 2005, Seoul was awarded the second prize for its Bus System Reform Project, and received another Special Mention in 2011 for its Women Friendly City Project. This years award is Seouls fourth Metropolis Award.< Awards Seoul Has Received >Receiving the Metropolis Award this year has granted us an opportunity to show that Seouls policies are well established internationally, said Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon, He added, We will share our policies with other cities in developing countries that are plagued with similar urban issues as Seoul and contribute to resolving them. Also, we will discuss new issues, such as the conflict with existing industries, with experts and citizens to improve Seouls sharing policies and make them more practical.
From October 10 to 12 (Friday to Sunday), the 2014 Seoul Traditional Temple Week will be held at 58 traditional temples located throughout Seoul.Hosted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and supervised by the Jogye Order of Korean Buddhism, as well as other religious denominations that own traditional temples, Seoul Traditional Temple Week is composed of a variety of programs, including an Open Temple Day , walks along traditional temple paths, temple stays, and tours of traditional temples (Buddhist painting and dancheong illustration experience, traditional culture experience, etc.).Intended to serve as an occasion to celebrate Seouls traditional temples by making them more accessible to the citizens of Seoul and encourage the preservation of temple culture, the three-day event will be an invaluable opportunity for citizens to enjoy the many aspects of traditional temple culture. Following the event, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will continue its efforts to make the cultural resources of the citys 58 traditional temples available to as many citizens as possible. Participation fee : free of charge Inquiries : 82-2-2011-1879 Website (Korean): http://sculture.seoul.go.kr/archives/50003
The following are the five best cases of administration carried out by the districts (gu) of Seoul. Out of 46 model cases submitted by 25 districts, the best ones were selected through an impartial evaluation process by a panel of judges composed of administration experts and representatives of civic groups. Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to introduce the selected model cases of district administration to the citizens of Seoul, and have such administrative achievements applied to more districts.No 1. Seodaemun-gu: Yonsei-ro Recreation ProjectThe Shinchon Yonsei-ro Re-creation Project is a case in which roads were changed from car-centered to people-centered environments. Through the exhaustive efforts of Seodaemun-gu Office, including the introduction of citizen-participatory governance and marathon meetings with street vendors, the Yonsei-ro area in Sinchon became an area accessible by public transportation only in January 2014.Contrary to concerns, the project has been a resounding success, as is evident in not only citizen satisfaction levels but also the decrease in traffic accidents and revival of nearby commercial areas. According to the six-month progress report published by Seoul Metropolitan Government in July 2014, citizen satisfaction levels sharply increased from 12% to 70%, while the number of traffic accidents decreased by 34.5% from 2013. Also, with the increased flow of pedestrian traffic, the sales/transaction volume in commercial areas increased by 10.6%, and sales increased by 4.2%.No 2. Seongdong-gu: Hi(gh) school! Employment Support ProjectThe Employment Support Project, which was begun in 2011, has one simple purpose: to create jobs filled by individuals based on practical ability rather than merely spec (colloquial abbreviation of specification that is often used by Koreans when referring to job qualifications). The main target of this project is high school graduates seeking employment. The project is helping to solve a variety of problems, including mismatches of job opportunities for youth, as can be seen in the serious imbalance in manpower supply and demand of small and medium-sized enterprises, excessive academic qualifications, and the tendency to seek employment only at conglomerate firms. The project also addresses problems such as the high level of employee turnover and short times spent working in one position, which are caused by the wide disconnect between academic and on-site work environments.Many support programs have been conducted addressing a variety of these issues in 2014 alone, including the following: establishment and operation of private-public-academia consultative bodies at 19 schools to improve student employment potential, corporate on-site experience opportunities for 565 students, employment consulting for 1,602 students at 19 specialized high schools, the Hope Job Tour (participated by 750 job seekers and 82 companies), the Job Hope Camp for 350 high school students not planning to attend university, and a competition providing job seekers an opportunity to demonstrate their employment potential (currently being planned for 300 participants).No 3. Dobong-gu: Old and Dilapidated Station Renovated for CitizensThe unused space inside Changdong Station, which has been a long-time eyesore since the lower floor of the station and surrounding areas were abandoned nearly 20 years ago, was renovated to create a resident-friendly space. This project was launched after listening to the opinions of local residents and convincing nearby street vendors of the benefits of renovation. The dim and aged lighting in the lower sections of the station was replaced with LED lighting, and cultural spaces were created for local residents, including a neighborhood book caf, family caf, PR center for Dobong Food Market Bank and social food-sharing enterprises, and the Happiness Sharing Store, a thrift shop that sells things such as second-hand clothing and school uniforms. Also, the support columns are being used as spaces to promote important people in the history of Dobong-gu.No 4. Mapo-gu: Recycling Stations for Residential AreasThe Recycling Stations for Residential Areas project is a model case of not only recycling waste materials but also of creating added value, and even jobs, for local residents. Recycling stations were installed in various residential areas, which lack the recycling facilities present in most apartment complexes, with each station operated by one resource manager (either a senior citizen who collects discarded paper for a living or a local resident). This project has not only significantly reduced the cost of collecting and transporting recyclable materials, but also created a source of profit from the sale of waste styrofoam, which is compressed and sold as ingots. Also, by giving each resource manager all sales profits derived from their respective recycling stations, the project is also contributing to the creation of stable jobs. Having decreased the cost of collecting and transporting recyclable materials through the operation of these recycling centers, Mapo-gu has been able to save KRW 1.4 billion from its annual budget. The installation of a machine to process and reduce the volume of waste styrofoam has reduced the cost of collecting and transporting styrofoam by KRW 68 million per year, and also creates approximately KRW 170 million in profit from the sale of the styrofoam ingots. Also, a total of KRW 17 million has been paid to 100 senior citizens who collect and sell discarded paper for a living to supplement their income.No 5. Seongbuk-gu: Shared Parking Lots for Rental ApartmentsSeongbuk-gu, which suffers from a chronic shortage of parking space, is making use of unused parking spaces affiliated with SH rental apartments as a strategy for securing adequate parking space at a relatively low cost. Parking fees paid by non-apartment residents are applied to apartment maintenance fees, thereby reducing the monthly maintenance fees paid by apartment residents.Opening up 200 unused parking spaces has had an effect similar to the construction of a new public parking lot, serving to reduce the budget by KRW 7.2 billion. In addition, the creation of shared parking spaces has strengthened relationships between residents, creating a sense of community. Finally, the profits earned from operating the shared parking lots have reduced the monthly apartment maintenance fees by KRW 3,850 per household.
By participating in the revitalization of seven regional water treatment facilities in Central Java Province, Indonesia, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is supporting the entry of domestic SMEs into waterworks industries overseas.On September 16, Seoul City signed an MOU with the Java public enterprise improvement committee (RBUMD), an investment corporation (SPJT), and a public waterworks company (PDAB) regarding the expansion of exchange in the waterworks industry.The revitalization of seven regional water treatment facilities in Central Java Province is a project that will see KRW 135 billion invested in the renovation of aging water treatment facilities in seven regions. For three years, beginning in 2015, the project will provide support in the form of technical consultation, training for waterworks employees, and participation by private companies.In order to launch this project, Seoul City has been commissioning an evaluation of its viability since May 2014, upon the request of waterworks-related companies in Korea. In the near future, it will establish a consortium for the project made up of private companies.Prior to this project, Seoul City also provided financial support for the expansion of private domestic companies into overseas waterworks in Ghana, Brunei, India, Indonesia, Trinidad-Tobago, and Papua New Guinea. Central Java Province is located in the middle of Indonesia. Work will be done in seven regions, excluding Bregas, where water facility repairs have already been completed.
The Seoul Metropolitan Fire and Disaster Headquarters recently announced the results of its analysis of accidents involving children seven years of age or younger who have been transported by 119 emergency services. In 2013, in Seoul, the number of children seven years of age or younger transported to hospitals by 119 emergency services due to accidents (illness not included) was 3,660. This makes a daily average of approximately 10 children.When analyzed by type of accident, the breakdown is as follows: 1,539 falls (42.0%), 421 traffic accidents (11.5%), 360 airway lesions (9.8%), 358 bumps (9.8%), 236 burns (6.5%), 170 cases of getting caught or stuck (4.6%), 159 cases of being cut or pricked (4.3%), 110 bicycle accidents (3.0%), 50 cases of swallowing objects or contact with hazardous substances (1.4%), and other types.The breakdown of accidents by location is as follows: 2,314 household (63.2%), 462 road/sidewalk (12.6%), 295 residential area (in front of the home) (8.1%), 123 play facilities (3.4%), 119 indoors (3.3%), 24 daycare center (0.6%), and other.By age, the group that suffered the most accidents was the one-year-old group at 926 (25.3%), followed by 682 two-year-olds (18.6%), 540 three-year-olds (14.8%), 449 four-year-olds (12.3%), 381 five-year-olds (10.4%), 363 six-year-olds (9.9%), and 319 seven-year-olds (8.7%).Analysis of the correlation between the type of accident and age shows that the most common accidents among the youngest ages are airway lesions, burns, and contact with hazardous substances, and the incidence of bicycle accidents increases with age.< Accidents in Seoul involving children seven years old or younger who were transported by 119 emergency services in 2013 > By accident type By location By age The younger the child, the more accidents occurred. One-year-olds suffered 2.9 times more accidents than seven-year-olds.
Mayor Park Won Soon, who is currently touring the United States, visited High Line Park in New York and had a meeting with the press, where he revealed his plan to turn the elevated road near Seoul Station into a people-centered green walkway for the citizens of Seoul. This project is one of the key urban renewal projects put forth by the mayor, who is serving in the sixth term of the mayor of Seoul, elected by popular vote. High Line is a 2.5km-long linear park built 9m above the ground, which was successfully transformed into a greenway from its former state as an elevated railroad, similar to the elevated road near Seoul Station, located 17m above the ground (10.3m wide and 938m long).  High Line 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government recently won the second C40 & Siemens City Climate Leadership Award in the Green Energy category for its solar power policy.The Seoul Metropolitan Governments solar power expansion project began as part of Seouls energy policy that aims to reduce the number of nuclear power plants, and is pursuing a project called Make Seoul a City of Sunlight through the installation of solar power plants all over the city. Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon, who is currently visiting the United States, attended the awards ceremony held at the Manhattan Center in New York on September 22.In Seoul, we plan to create a new model for our society where our citizens directly take part in generating solar power, thereby creating quality jobs and generating profit, said Mayor Park Won Soon. Seoul will work hard to cooperate and share its ideas for great urban projects to secure the future of our planet and a clean environment for our children to live in.The City Climate Leadership Award is jointly organized by C40, a global network of large cities taking action to address climate change, and Siemens. The inaugural City Climate Leadership Awards was held in 2013, with awards being granted in 10 categories. Main policy evaluation and award categories include: 
Green Energy, Energy Efficient Built Environment Intelligent City InfrastructureWaste Management Finance and Economic DevelopmentCarbon Measurement and PlanningUrban Transportation Sustainable CommunitiesAir Quality, and Adaptation and Resilience.Seoul won the award in the Green Energy category. After an evaluation of Seouls current energy use, generation, and citizen participation and the achievements of its policy to reduce the number of nuclear power plants, the Seoul Metropolitan Government was recognized for the effectiveness of its solar expansion project and the progress it has made in such a short period of time compared to other cities.The Seoul Metropolitan Government increased its energy independence through improvements in innovation and the citizen-participatory structure. Furthermore, the city induced KRW 63.5 billion of private investment to install 23MW solar power plants in 28 locations over the last three years, making use of underused public spaces. Also, Seoul adopted a feed-in tariff system for businesses consuming less than 50kW and provided them with financial support of KRW 104 million. Furthermore, the Seoul Metropolitan Government pursued the installation of citizen-participatory solar power plants through project loans using the Climate Change Fund (1.75%), making a sunlight map distribution plan for public, mini solar power plants for apartment buildings, and providing support for cooperatives and energy independent neighborhoods.C40 & Siemens City Climate Leadership Awards  2013 Awardees: Copenhagen (Carbon Measurement and Planning), New York (Adaptation and Resilience), Mexico City (Air Quality), etc.
On September 24, Mayor Park Won Soon, who is currently visiting the United States, attended a meeting with about 30 foreign affairs personnel in Washing DC at the invitation of the Council on Foreign Relations (CFR) and discussed various issues, including peace and unification of the Korean peninsula and the role of the Korean capital, Seoul. Comprising current and former American politicians and members of economic sectors, CFR is a world-renowned foreign affairs and security policy think tank.  Also, Mayor Park visited the District of Columbia City Hall and met with Mayor Vincent C. Gray of Washington DC, and signed an MOU on strengthening the relationship between the two cities.This MOU covers specific means to achieve cooperation between the two cities, including the exchange of model policies related to urban renewal projects exchange of important policies regarding the development and management of city waterfront areas cooperation on implementing sustainable urban development policies cooperation in the tourism industry, including the development of common tourism products and provision of practical conveniences for visitors from the sister city  and the exchange of expert knowledge and best practices in various areas, including transportation, environment, urban design, and e-government.Washington DC is Seouls 20th sister city. In 2006, former Mayor Lee Myung-Bak visited Washington DC and signed a sister city agreement to expand exchange in various areas. Since then, the two cities have maintained friendly relations, with then mayor of Washington DC, Anthony A. Williams, visiting Seoul the same year and being appointed as an honorary mayor.As capital cities of Korea and the US, Seoul and Washington have a lot of policies to share, said Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon. Through the signing of the MOU, we hope to strengthen our cooperation and practical exchange, thereby facilitating the sharing of expertise and best practices in related areas.Furthermore, Mayor Park attended the Seoul Day event held at the World Bank headquarters in Washington DC. With the attendance of over 300 scholars interested in Seoul, he introduced various citizen-participatory policies that have been implemented in Seoul and signed an MOU regarding cooperation with the World Bank in terms of exchanging best practice policies.Seoul Day is a special knowledge sharing workshop, planned by the World Bank and Seoul, and held for the first time in 2013. Reflecting Seouls growing appeal to cities of developing nations, this meaningful event began with the World Bank inviting a delegation from Seoul. Under the theme Transformation, various issues were discussed with urban experts concerning the past and present changes in Seoul.In addition, Mayor Park visited the Urban Institute, a 42-year-old global think tank. The Urban Institute is a research institution that was established in 1968 to resolve various challenges faced by megacities. Currently, about 385 researchers at the institute are investigating and analyzing urban issues faced by the 50 US states and about 26 foreign nations. By signing an MOU, Seoul and the Urban Institute promised to carry out joint research in specific issues, such as aging societies, community revitalization, and residential problems.Researchers from the Seoul Institute and the Urban Institute plan to hold short-term seminars to develop joint research projects. Through these seminars and projects, the experts will conduct research in critical areas in which Seoul can improve, as well as possible policy directions for Seoul. Afterward, a four-step, two-year project will be launched to support the joint project for development in the necessary areas.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has created safety handbooks in four languages, including Vietnamese, Khmer, Thai, and Burmese. The handbooks will be distributed to construction sites as a measure to reduce the rising number of construction site accidents involving foreign workers. This is a follow-up measure to the on-site safety training conducted in February 2014 at construction sites, and also a response to the growing need for such a safety manual.About 300 foreign workers are employed at large-scale construction sites, including the Seoul Metropolitan Governments subway construction sites. As of August 2014, the majority of these foreign workers are from Vietnam (83), Cambodia (82), China (65), Myanmar (29), and Thailand (22). Most of the Chinese workers are of Korean descent and therefore do not struggle with a language barrier.Most foreign workers are deployed to construction sites after only short training sessions, and as a result, they lack sufficient safety awareness. Moreover, due to the language barrier and unfamiliar culture, they lack the understanding of some specific tasks given to them. Therefore, safety training and handbooks have become a necessity. Although there are safety signs and rules already posted at construction sites, as communication and cooperation is of utmost importance, the city government created the Foreign Workers Safety Handbook to remind everyone once again of the importance of safety.The Foreign Workers Safety Handbook describes the basic safety rules that must be followed to protect the lives of foreign workers and prevent accidents on construction sites. The handbook was designed in cartoon format to make it easier for foreign workers to understand. In addition, its small pocket-book size (9x14cm, 100 pages) allows the workers to carry and read it anywhere at any time. View Foreign Workers Safety Handbook
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced a comprehensive three-year plan to strengthen the rights of children and youths, who account for 18 percent (a total 1,802,931) of Seouls population. Provisions of the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Seoul Child and Youth Rights Ordinance, enacted in 2012, have been developed into a specific and detailed policy and project.
Interest in policy related to child and youth rights has been gradually expanding, especially regarding the four basic rights of survival, protection, development, and participation, noted in the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child. However, such interest has not been translated into specific policies or projects due to the lack of a comprehensive and systematic analysis of the state of child and youth rights, as well as the lack of mid to long-term plans.
Until now, child and youth rights policies had been focused on protection and problem resolution, but from now on, the focus will be shifted to participation and increasing self-motivated participation. Moreover, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will thoroughly analyze vulnerable groups (minorities) of children and youths that are currently neglected by government policy, such as runaways, out-of-school children, children of multicultural families, working children and youths, and children suffering from disabilities or poverty, so that they can all be included in this policy.
The Youth Participation Commission, composed of 100 youths, was established so that youths may directly participate in the policy-making process. At 38 unauthorized, alternative educational institutions, which are not part of the formal school system, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is now providing support for free school lunches. In addition, Part-time Working Youth Rights Protection Centers have been set up in four different labor and welfare centers to inform youths of their rights regarding various issues, including overdue wages, overtime without pay, and work injuries. Marking another first, forty child and youth rights education instructors were trained and dispatched to kindergartens, daycare centers, and child welfare facilities, and one of the Citizen Rights Officers was assigned as a Child and Youth Rights Officer.This comprehensive plan shall serve as a blueprint for the next three years (2014-2016). The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to continuously develop practical and comprehensive plans every three years, according to the ordinance, and provide a mid to long-term road map. With the goal of creating Seoul, a Human Rights City with the Participation of Children and Youths, this comprehensive plan comprises 12 major tasks and 31 detailed tasks organized under three categories: child and youth initiatives and participation, active promotion of safeguards for human rights, and the creation of living conditions conducive to protecting human rights.
To transform children and youths from receivers of policy benefits to actual policy decision-makers, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has set up a system that allows the involvement of children and youths in all processes of policy-making, including suggestions, decision-making, establishment, and budget planning. According to the results of the Report on Childrens Rights Situation in Seoul (2012), only 5.3 percent of children and youths expressed opinions in the policy-making process, which is very low.
In order to increase the participation of children and youths, the Child and Youth Participation Commission, composed of 100 children and youths, was established last April. The commission is divided into six areas  management, rights, education, culture, safety and welfare, and promotion  and members will suggest policy ideas at the ordinary meetings held every quarter or extraordinary meetings. In October 2014, the Child and Youth Rights Festival will be hosted by the commission at Seoul Plaza, and in November, Mayor Park Won Soon and the 100 members of the commission will hold the Hope Congress to officially suggest and discuss policy ideas. Furthermore, the number of children and youths on the participatory budget committee will be increased from the five this year to 25 in 2015, which is ten percent of the total number of citizens on the committee. Also, in 2016, an early poll will be held to gather the opinions of those who will be affected by the major child and youth policies that will be implemented, and the results will be reflected in the final policies. The Seoul Metropolitan Government is currently in the process of establishing the specific details regarding the organization and the operation of these plans.The Seoul Metropolitan Government will actively promote policies intended to safeguard the rights of children and youths regarding residential and educational uncertainties, unreasonable labor practices, social prejudices, and abuse. In particular, the city government will prioritize the rights that are most desperately needed: 1) creating safety nets in local communities for child and youth runaways, 2) safeguarding educational, cultural, and welfare rights for out-of-school children and youths, 3) creating  a system to protect youth labor rights, 4) researching the state of child and youth minorities and preparing a guideline for their rights, and 5) preventing child abuse and accidents. Runaways: Increase the number of short-term and 24-hour shelters to 17 by 2016, and provide integrated support for employment and educationFor child and youth runaways, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide safe shelters, where they can have access to proper food and a place to sleep without feeling stigmatized, as well as comprehensive services to support their independence, including employment support, vocational skills, and continuous education. According to the Police Agency, the number of child and youth runaways has more than doubled in less than ten years, from 13,000 in 2005 to 29,000 in 2012.The number of short-term shelters, where children and youths can stay up to nine months, will be increased, from five in 2013 to seven in 2016, and the city government also plans to establish 24-hour caf shelters that exercise minimum intervention and control over the children and youths staying there. Additionally, four more mobile shelters (buses), where children and youths can take a short break, will be set up this year, increasing the total number to 17 by 2016. Comprehensive services that support their independence, including job shadowing, vocational training, and educational support services, will be offered through 25 youth counseling and welfare centers in various districts, with one additional center now providing a special program called Dudeurim Zone this year, making a total of eight centers that offer such service. Out-of-School Children and Youths: First time offering support for free lunches at 38 alternative educational institutions, and planning to provide cultural vouchers in 2016 The Seoul Metropolitan Government is promoting support policies for out-of-school children and youths, who have been marginalized for various reasons, including not attending school or attending unauthorized, alternative educational institutions. As of 2012, the city government acknowledges that there are 17,924 out-of-school children, about 1.5 percent of the total number of students. For the first time this year, the city government began providing financial support for free lunches to 500 elementary, middle, and high school students at 38 alternative educational institutions in Seoul, as it does for regular schools. The number of institutions that receive such support will rise to 42 by 2016. Also, the city government is providing support for teacher labor costs and other educational spending, depending on the particular situation at each school.For all out-of-school children and youths, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide cultural vouchers for the first time, starting in 2016, so that out-of-school students of low income families will have the opportunity to receive the benefits that cultural performances, exhibitions, and movies can provide. The city government plans to allow out-of-school children and youths to enjoy their right to education, culture, and welfare without discrimination. Working with out-of-school youth support centers, the city government will also provide counseling and therapy tailored to children and youths. Safeguards for Youth Labor Rights: Established Four Part-time Working Youth Rights Protection CentersThe Seoul Metropolitan Government will protect the labor rights of working youths, create a pleasant and safe labor environment, and strengthen the counseling and information system to prevent and fight violations of labor rights.As the first step in this effort, the city government created and distributed 14,500 Youth Labor Rights Guidebooks to youths and business owners. The book explains the provisions regarding working conditions in labor-related acts, such as the Labor Standard Act, Minimum Wages Act, and Juvenile Protection Act, in an easy to understand way. It also contains information about making employment contracts, working hours (days off and breaks), wages (minimum wage, payments for overtime and night shifts, severance, and ways to receive delayed payments), and resolving disputes over unfair termination of employment. Furthermore, Part-time Working Youths Rights Protection Centers have been established this year in four labor and welfare centers in Seoul (Seodaemun, Guro, Seondong, and Nowon) to help protect the rights of working youths.Later this year, the city government will also promote a program to create districts favorable to part-time workers. Areas where there are many businesses employing part-time workers and that have high potential to draw on the diverse capabilities of local communities will be selected and provided with incentives, such as focused guidance and review and free labor counseling for exemplary businesses, in an effort to create better conditions for part-time workers.Minorities: Carry out investigations by sector and institution this year  Prepare a child and youth rights guideline for institutions in 2015
In September 2014, the opening ceremony of Seoul Park, which was established to spread the traditional Korean beauty, was held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, a major city on the Silk Road.Korean pavilions, a pond, flower garden, traditional walls, and other traditional garden structures have been installed in Seoul Park, which covers an area of 8,067m2. The park also contains trees and plants that are indigenous to Korea. A total of 249 trees, including pines, 1,344 shrubs, including hibiscus, and 5,150 herbaceous flowers, such as asters, have been planted in the park as well.On July 2, 2010, the Seoul Metropolitan Government signed a sister city agreement with Tashkent, Uzbekistan, and agreed to build Seoul Park upon the request of a number of Koreans residing in Tashkent (Korean population of about 55,000), who spoke to President Park when she visited in May 2009. The park is intended to inspire pride and ease the sorrow of Koreans living in Uzbekistan. With a budget of KRW 2.6 billion, the Seoul Metropolitan City held a design competition for Seoul Park, with construction beginning in December 2012 and concluding in May 2014.Seoul Metropolitan Government hopes that Seoul Park, which contains a tower, a traditional pavilion, and a belfry, will be an exotic and interesting place for the citizens of Tashkent to learn about traditional Korean culture, while also being an attraction for Korean diaspora and overseas Koreans, where they can overcome their homesickness and be inspired with national pride.Tashkent, the capital of Uzbekistan and the largest industrial city in Central Asia, is a fascinating city with the legacy and long tradition, history, and culture of Europe. It is also one of the cities that Seoul citizens want to visit the most in the world. After the signing of a friendship and cooperation agreement in March 2006, followed by the signing of the sister city agreement in July 2010, Seoul and Tashkent are currently promoting mutual exchanges and inviting government officials for training. Starting with Cairo, Egypt, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has built a Seoul Park in Paris, Berlin, Ulan Bator, and most recently, Tashkent. As of September 2014, parks, forests, and streets have been created in eight different places in seven countries around the world. Map Aerial Map Photos
In September 2014, the opening ceremony of Seoul Park, which was established to spread the traditional Korean beauty, was held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, a major city on the Silk Road.Korean pavilions, a pond, flower garden, traditional walls, and other traditional garden structures have been installed in Seoul Park, which covers an area of 8,067m2. The park also contains trees and plants that are indigenous to Korea. A total of 249 trees, including pines, 1,344 shrubs, including hibiscus, and 5,150 herbaceous flowers, such as asters, have been planted in the park as well.On July 2, 2010, the Seoul Metropolitan Government signed a sister city agreement with Tashkent, Uzbekistan, and agreed to build Seoul Park upon the request of a number of Koreans residing in Tashkent (Korean population of about 55,000), who spoke to President Park when she visited in May 2009. The park is intended to inspire pride and ease the sorrow of Koreans living in Uzbekistan. With a budget of KRW 2.6 billion, the Seoul Metropolitan City held a design competition for Seoul Park, with construction beginning in December 2012 and concluding in May 2014.Seoul Metropolitan Government hopes that Seoul Park, which contains a tower, a traditional pavilion, and a belfry, will be an exotic and interesting place for the citizens of Tashkent to learn about traditional Korean culture, while also being an attraction for Korean diaspora and overseas Koreans, where they can overcome their homesickness and be inspired with national pride.Tashkent, the capital of Uzbekistan and the largest industrial city in Central Asia, is a fascinating city with the legacy and long tradition, history, and culture of Europe. It is also one of the cities that Seoul citizens want to visit the most in the world. After the signing of a friendship and cooperation agreement in March 2006, followed by the signing of the sister city agreement in July 2010, Seoul and Tashkent are currently promoting mutual exchanges and inviting government officials for training. Starting with Cairo, Egypt, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has built a Seoul Park in Paris, Berlin, Ulan Bator, and most recently, Tashkent. As of September 2014, parks, forests, and streets have been created in eight different places in seven countries around the world. Map Aerial Map Photos
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has developed a novel solution to keep birds away and prevent the damage that they cause by using piano wire for the first time in Korea and it has been quite effective. The solution is based on the simple idea that the birds will be unable to land on the extremely thin wire, which is installed on bridges, overpasses, and tall structures, and would fly away after failing at several attempts to perch. For quite some time, many bridges and elevated roads have been infested with pigeons, spoiling the image of our city and causing bad smells, noise, and squalor. Pigeon infestations not only deteriorate the living environments of our citizens, but also cause corrosion, making it difficult and expensive for the city government to maintain the facilities. Pigeon droppings contain ammonia and acid, which cause corrosion of steel structural parts when mixed with rainwater. The droppings are also a nuisance to pedestrians walking under bridges and overpasses. The idea of using piano wire was born when citizens passing underneath Seongsan No. 1 Bridge petitioned the Seoul Metropolitan Government to do something about the pigeon problem. A city government official from the Seobu Roads and Bridges Maintenance Office came up with the idea after weeks of contemplation, and he applied for a patent for the idea. Also, the idea was awarded the top prize in the 2014 Seoul Creative Awards in May 2014. The piano wire-based bird repelling device is an improvement over prior solutions, such as the bird blocking net, which was unsightly and difficult to install in small spaces. It is also more cost effective than any other solution, reducing spending on the pigeon issue by half. Also, its installation is very simple, with no need to regularly replace the device, because there is a lever and elastic spring that allows the tightness of the wires to be adjusted depending on the temperature. Since the wire is made of tempered high-carbon steel, it is durable and maintains elasticity for long periods of time. In addition, it does not cause any inconvenience during safety inspections.
From 7am to 7pm on September 21 (Sun), traffic will be diverted away from a 1.1km-strip of Sejong-daero (between Gwanghwamun three-way intersection and Seoul City Hall). Instead of cars, the street and the surrounding area will be packed with various programs and performances put on by Seoul citizens under the theme Friendly, Safe, Dreaming, and Breathing Street.As a result, bus stations at Gwanghwamun and Seoul City Hall will not be serviced on that day. Instead, city buses and city tour buses will use detours and make stops at other temporary spots in the vicinity. Details about the detour routes are available through Seoul Transport Operation and Information Service (TOPIS) and the Dasan Call Center (120).Visitors will be treated to a wide variety of events and programs along Sejong-daero, including the Gwanghwamun Hope Sharing Market, where people can purchase used items at affordable prices the Foreigners Flea Market 1004 Baduk Games Safety and CPR Training sessions as well as various events that have been planned and organized by health service organizations selected through public participation. Furthermore, people will have the opportunity to participate in various health and sports programs, such as futsal, basketball, walking, yoga, and sport climbing in the middle of Sejong-ro.Also, there will be an eco-friendly experience program, and the Seoul Metropolitan Government will introduce its environmental policies, such as the car mileage reduction and eco-mileage projects. Of particular interest, some eco-friendly vehicles will be showcased and made available for test-drives, and exhibitions about the history and future of cars will be held. At the 1004 Baduk Games, professional baduk player Lee Chang-ho (Baduk level 9) will play 1004 games at the same time with people of various ages and backgrounds. People attending the festivities will also have a chance to take a walk with Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon, from Seoul City Hall to Gwanghwamun, and contemplate the value and significance of car-free days.At Cheonggyecheon-ro and Cheonggye Plaza, a recycling market and Farmers Market, where shoppers can receive discounts of up to 30 percent on produce from 61 cities and districts in Korea, will be held. Additionally, along the streets of Yukuijeon, introductions of great tourism products will be offered, the Gwangjang Market Merchants Association will hold a bazaar, and the Yukjijeon of the past will be reproduced.< 1004 Baduk Games >< Sport climbing and other sports >< Citizen performances >< Recycling Market >
A total of 108 high-ranking government officials from India visited Seoul on September 15th. India is the worlds eleventh largest national economy, with a GDP of KRW 1,800 trillion, and a country with a population of 1.2 billion people. The delegation came to learn about the best policies established by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, related to mass transportation and environment, and to visit relevant facilities.With the election of Narendra Modi as Indias new prime minister in May, Modinomics began to sweep across India. Currently, India is pushing forward major economic reforms, putting all their efforts into the construction of infrastructure, such as city and gas. Key Features of Modinomics  The delegation was introduced to Seouls best policies related to transportation and urban planning and taken on tours of the Seoul Transport Operation and Information Service (TOPIS), Mapo Resource Recovery Facility, and the Cheonggyecheon (stream) to gain a better understanding of policy administration.The Seoul Metropolitan Government will actively support India in its adoption and implementation of Seouls best policies by continuously providing them with information on such policies, offering a regular mailing service, and holding policy negotiations with major policy experts in Seoul.As of September 2014, Seoul is in the process of exporting 25 policy solutions to 22 cities in 21 countries, and is rising as an urban development role model for developing countries.<Visit to the Seoul Transport Operation and Information Service>
On September 16, the Seoul Metropolitan Government signed a business agreement with the Korea Disaster Relief Association to push forward the Moving Linen and Laundry Service project. Key features of the agreement include the selection of the base of operations for the laundry service, provision of large-scale vehicles (8-ton trucks with three washers and three dryers), and the support of disaster relief measures for people with severe disabilities or the elderly who live alone.
Currently, 33,826 people with severe (grade 1) disabilities, 53,913 with grade 2 disabilities, and 5,929 with multiple disabilities reside in Seoul. In addition, 44,833 senior citizens have subscribed to homecare services for dementia and stroke (4,417 for day and night care, 26,413 for regular homecare, and 13,999 for basic and comprehensive elderly care service).
To assist these people, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will establish a laundry service support network, in cooperation with 45 rehabilitation centers for people with disabilities and 25 homecare support centers for the elderly, to provide a one-stop service, from picking up to delivering laundry. When a person with a disability or an elderly person living alone puts out their laundry, the operators of the Moving Linen and Laundry Service project will contact volunteers from welfare centers to establish a schedule and deliver laundered bedding and other items to their homes.Through this support project, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will also provide bedding replacement services for people with severe disabilities and elderly people who have become bedridden due to mobility issues, in an effort to create a clean and safe environment for them to live.
On August 18, Mayor Park attended the Mass for Peace and Reconciliation on the Korean Peninsula at Myeongdong Cathedral.The mass was concelebrated by Pope Francis and a group of priests from the Vatican. In attendance were Rev. Kim Geun-sang, Primate of the Anglican Church of Korea, the heads of seven religious denominations, a group of elderly comfort women, who were forced into sexual slavery by the Japanese military in the early 1900s, and about 1,700 Catholics, who all prayed for peace and prosperity on the Korean Peninsula. 
Mayor Park Won Soon attended the Mass for the Beatification of Korean Martyrs, held at Gwanghwamun Square and presided by Pope Francis, at 10am on August 16.The beatification mass recognizes and celebrates the Blessed, the first step toward possible sainthood in the Catholic Church. Currently, a total of 103 Korean Catholics have been beatified, including Reverend Kim Taegon , the first Korean priest and martyr.Seoul Metropolitan City brought all of its administrative power to bear in preparing measures for transportation, safety, and cleanliness to provide full support for the successful hosting of the beatification mass, one of the most important events during Pope Francis four-day visit to Korea.
At noon on August 15, Mayor Park Won Soon rang the bell at the bell-ringing ceremony held in celebration of the 69th anniversary of Liberation Day at Bosingak (Belfry). The event commemorates the noble spirit of Korean patriots who fought for national independence and keeps the joy of liberation alive.After the bell-ringing ceremony, Mayor Park also participated in a flash mob event held to share the significance of liberation with the citizens. At this event, held under the theme You are the Citizen Representatives of Patriotism, Mayor Park delivered a message of liberation along with Choi Bul-am, a Korean actor who is also the Ambassador of Seoul.
Although it is only 80cm high, the Little Mermaid statue has become a global tourist attraction that brings over 1.5 million visitors to Denmarks Copenhagen each year, ever since the city was embraced by the Andersen fairy tale The Little Mermaid. The Little Mermaids little sister, which resembles this statue, is expected to be seen by the Hangang (River) in the near future.To discuss issue such as this, Mayor Park Won Soon met Copenhagen Mayor Frank Jensen on August 12. The mayors agreed to exchange commemorative items of each city and signed an MOU on increased cooperation and exchange in a variety of areas, including climate change and government employee exchanges.Concerning cultural exchange activities, the main focus of the MOU, both cities agreed to exchange symbolic items that are representative of each city, a suggestion made by Seoul. The city of Seoul, in particular, has invested significant effort to bring over the Little Mermaid statue. As such, a mutual bond between the two cities was already firmly in place. The Little Mermaid statue was commissioned by Carl Jacobsen, the son of the founder of Carlsberg, the official beer supplier to the Danish royal family, and made by sculptor Edvard Eriksen. It is currently designated as a Danish national treasure.Mayor Park expressed his wish for the 1km-wide, 500km-long Hangang (River), which runs through the center [of Seoul], to be filled with many interesting stories, and emphasized that as a part of this goal, if a Little Mermaid statue is brought to Seoul, it will be named the Little Mermaids little sister, and this story from Copenhagen will become one of the main interesting stories, bringing a world of fun and imagination to our children.As the item representative of Seoul to be given to the city of Copenhagen, the Bosingak bell and sinmungo are currently the top candidates. The Seoul Metropolitan Government hopes that this agreement to share the Little Mermaid statue is the first step toward expanding exchanges of other landmark structures/sculptures with cities all over the world. Plans are currently being made to create cultural spaces in streets, parks, and other places throughout Seoul based on the stories and cultural themes of the worlds great cities.<Exchange of model policies from Copenhagen, the leading green city, revitalizes climate and environment policy exchange >Like Copenhagen, Seoul is also a member of the C40, an international body of world-class cities committed to addressing climate and environment-related issues. As such, Seoul plans to strengthen exchanges on climate and environmental issues with Copenhagen, which was selected as a European Green Capital by the EC (European Commission) in 2014. The two cities will share their respective model policies, including Copenhagens CPH 2025 and Seouls One Less Nuclear Plant, as well as strengthen their exchange of personnel. CPH 2025 is a mid to long-term plan that aims to neutralize carbon emissions by 2025, and its key projects include converting from burning fossil fuels to using biomass and wind power and significantly reducing energy consumption in all buildings by 2025, with heating reduced by 25 percent and electricity by 20 percent.<The eco-friendly building, 8House, and tours of infrastructure facilities on an electric bicycle>In relation to this policy exchange, Mayor Park Won Soon and his delegation toured 8House, an eco-friendly, multi-purpose development in restad (a district south of Copenhagen) that combines residential, retail, and commercial facilities, and infrastructure related to Copenhagens bicycle policy. 8House minimizes cooling and heating-related energy consumption through efficient positioning: commercial spaces, which require a large amount of cooling, are on the northeastern side, while residential spaces, which require a lot of heating, are located on the southwestern side. In particular, the residential spaces have been built as passive homes, which means that they can get through the winter without heating equipment thanks to the use of advanced insulation materials, LED lights, and dual-pane windows.Furthermore, a ramp that extends all the way from the first to the tenth (top) floor provides a pathway for bicycles and pedestrians, while its green roof helps to prevent the heat island phenomenon and roads from being submerged during heavy rains. In 2011, 8House was awarded the Best Residential Architecture Award at the World Architecture Festival held in Barcelona.Mayor Park Won Soon stated, I am incredibly pleased to sign friendship agreements with Odense and Copenhagen in commemoration of the 55th anniversary of diplomatic relations between Denmark and Korea. I expect that this visit will be the starting point for culture and tourism exchanges between Seoul and Copenhagen. Mayor Park also added, After being introduced to the knowledge and expertise that led Copenhagen to become one of Europes most representative environmentally-friendly cities and the capital of a leading green country, I will do my best to apply that expertise to match Seouls circumstances and lead our city in becoming a major green city of Asia. 
Mayor Park Won Soon stated, I am incredibly pleased to sign friendship agreements with Odense and Copenhagen in commemoration of the 55th anniversary of diplomatic relations between Denmark and Korea. I expect that this visit will be the starting point for culture and tourism exchanges between Seoul and Copenhagen. Mayor Park also added, After being introduced to the knowledge and expertise that led Copenhagen to become one of Europes most representative environmentally-friendly cities and the capital of a leading green country, I will do my best to apply that expertise to match Seouls circumstances and lead our city in becoming a major green city of Asia. 
Now, two or more small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in Seoul can form a consortium to form a fully-subsidized company day care center for their employees. The Seoul Metropolitan Government decided to cover all the expenses for companies that open such company day care centers, besides the financial support provided by the Korea Workers Compensation and Welfare Service (40% of property purchase and 80% to 90% of remodeling costs). The Seoul Metropolitan Government recognized the difficulty of resolving the fundamental issues of poor work-family compatibility and low fertility rate without first dealing with the childcare problem for parents working at SMEs, which account for most jobs in Seoul. Therefore, the city government decided to provide financial support to expand high-quality childcare facilities provided by companies. As a result, the number of day care facilities at SMEs, which had previously been neglected by the government, will be dramatically increased. This will be a significant turning point in resolving childcare issues at SMEs.There are two different ways for companies to start a day care. Two or more SMEs can get together to start an SME consortium company day care, or they can start an industrial complex co-op day care, in areas where SMEs are concentrated, such as G Valley. Regarding the consortium type, the Korea Workers Compensation and Welfare Service will cover 40% of the cost to purchase property and 80% of the remodeling cost, up to a limit of KRW 600 million, and the Seoul Metropolitan Government will fund the rest, i.e. 60% of the property cost and 20% of the remodeling cost. For the industrial complex type, the Korea Workers Compensation and Welfare Service will provide 40% of the property purchase cost and 90% of the remodeling cost, up to a maximum KRW 1.5 billion, and the Seoul Metropolitan Government will cover the rest, i.e. 60% of the property purchase and 10% of the remodeling cost. Without easing the burden of childcare for parents working at SMEs, which account for most of the jobs in Seoul, any efforts to resolve the low birth rate issue and improve work-family compatibility will be futile, commented Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon. By offering financial support that allows SMEs to establish company day care facilities, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will gradually increase the number of low-cost company day cares, following the example of the highly efficient, low-cost public day care centers the city has already developed.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has decided to launch special Ra owner-operated cabs that get every Wednesday and Sunday off, as well as the second and fourth Fridays of the month, starting on August 1 (Fri). The Ra group of Seouls owner-operated cabs was instituted to allow cab drivers to take regular days off, in order to provide a safer taxi service by preventing cab drivers from becoming overworked and providing them with more time to maintain their vehicles (Passenger Transport Service Act, Article 23, Clause 1). Currently, three groups, Ga, Na, and Da, which were launched in 1978, and the Late-night Taxi (9th group), launched in 2012, are in operation. Among the 49,000 owner-operated cabs, about 15,000 belong to one of the Ga, Na, or Da groups, and the 1,797 Late-night cabs (9th group) are operated independently in Seoul.(Unit: No. of Vehicles, as of May 2014)The existing group system allows owner-operated taxis in the Ga, Na, and Da groups to take only every third day off. However, with the rising demand for leisure activities, the system prevented cab drivers from enjoying any regularly scheduled weekend leisure activities, such as club activities or attending church. Therefore, after surveying those who work in the industry, the Seoul Metropolitan Government decided to implement a special group to improve the existing system. The Seoul Metropolitan Government opened the recruitment of owner-operated cabs that wished to participate in the special Ra group, with a total of 4,760 applicants, despite the fact that the cab drivers would have to take six to eight more days off per year than in the existing three-group system. Among them, 3,000 were selected for a trial run of the group. The special Ra group will carry out its trial run by the end of this year. The city government plans to monitor the operation of the group, take the opinions of the people into consideration, and gradually expand the system in the future.
The second Rainwater Doctors Program was launched in August to promote the use of rainwater harvesting facilities according to building type and function, and to inform citizens who want to reuse rainwater but are not sure how. The Rainwater Doctors appointed this year will carry out their duties from August 2014 to June 2016, and the program will be operated through voluntary participation and talent donation by citizens.A rainwater harvesting facility is an eco-friendly technology that allows the reuse of rainwater. After all the rainwater is collected in a tank on the roof of the building, it goes through a simple water treatment process and can be used for various purposes, such as watering vegetable gardens, landscaping, and cleaning bathrooms and floors in buildings. However, the facilities are not yet widely used, since most citizens are unfamiliar with and inexperienced at maintaining and using the facilities.The Rainwater Doctors will serve as consultants, providing detailed information on rainwater harvesting facilities and helping those citizens who are unfamiliar with reusing rainwater.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government expects that the rainwater reuse system will be great for urban farmers who know that rainwater is better for agriculture than tap water. Also, the city government hopes that this measure will help Seoul become a healthy water-cycle city cycle.
[View of Seoul City Wall from Baegak] The Seoul Design Support Center in Dongdaemun City Wall Park has opened the Seoul City Wall Museum, which highlights the history and value of Seoul City Wall. Seoul City Wall is a cherished cultural heritage that was built when Seoul, the capital city of Joseon, was founded. It marked the boundary of Seoul, protected the city from invasions, and has stood alongside Seoul for the past 600 years. Also, it has served its purpose as a city wall longer than any other existing city wall around the world. Spanning a distance of 18.6 kilometers, Seoul City Wall was damaged during the Japanese colonial era and the period of development following liberation from Japanese rule. However, recently, through excavations and restorations, the city wall is regaining its former prestige and becoming a popular walking trail. In May 2012, the Seoul Metropolitan Government announced a comprehensive plan to preserve, manage, and utilize Seoul City Wall, so that this living symbol and pride of our city can become a global cultural heritage site. As part of this plan, the Seoul City Wall Research Center was established at the Seoul Museum of History, and the construction of the Seoul City Wall Museum was promoted to highlight the significance and value of Seoul City Wall. After the Seoul City Wall Research Center was founded in October 2012, the basic plans and design of the Seoul City Wall Museum were drawn up. The museum has now finally been built and opened to the public, equipped with permanent exhibitions and special exhibitions that display the value of Seoul City Wall as a cultural heritage of the past, present, and future. Also, the City Wall Information Center houses domestic and international documents about city walls, and is a place for the education of citizens and participatory education programs that use all three floors.  Some of the main articles on display include the hanging board (owned by the National Palace Museum of Korea) of Donuimun, which was made in 1749 a dragon head and eight animal-shaped roof tiles that decorated Heunginjimun (East Gate of Seoul) a Lego recreation of Sungnyemun and video screens set up on three walls that simulate the experience of walking along Seoul City Wall. The hanging board of Donuimun, which was torn down in 1915, is a relic that will be open for public viewing for the first time in 100 years. It is a significant historical object that represents the damage inflicted on Seoul City Wall during the Japanese colonial era. 
As part of the Street Art Revitalization Project, the Seoul Foundation of Arts and Culture  will hold Street Art Season-Fall every weekend for two months, from August 2 (Sat) to September 28 (Sun), in five major parks and streets in Seoul, including Seonyudo Park and Seoul Forest.
Street Art Season is a program of performances that is being launched by the Seoul Foundation for Arts and Culture for the first time this year. The aim of the program is to help people enjoy street art and provide opportunities for street art performing groups to put on their performances at times other than in May, September, and October, when large scale festivals are mainly held.Street Art Season will be held in the parks and on the streets of Seoul that are frequented by Seoul citizens. In the first week of every month, performances will be held in Boramae Park, with more performances being held in Seoul Forest in the second week, Seonyudo Park in the third week, and at the DDP (Dongdaemun Design Plaza) in the fourth week. In the first two weeks of August, Street Art Season-Fall will be held on the Sinchon Yonsei-ro car-free street as well.A total of 15 performing groups will be participating in Street Art Season-Fall, and a wide variety of performances, such as modern dance, sand art, musicals, madang plays, and parades, will be held for Seoul citizens to enjoy. The Seoul Foundation of Arts and Culture has designated 2014 as the first year of its revitalization of street art. Along with Street Art Season, the foundation plans to implement a variety of programs by the end of this year, including Street Art Project Support, workshops on producing and directing street art performances, and Professional Training Programs.The Seoul Foundation of Arts and Culture has designated 2014 as the first year of its revitalization of street art. Along with Street Art Season, the foundation plans to implement a variety of programs by the end of this year, including Street Art Project Support, workshops on producing and directing street art performances, and Professional Training Programs.For more information, please refer to the Seoul Foundation for Arts and Culture website  (www.sfac.or.kr),or contact the Festival Planning Team (02-3290-7169) with any questions you may have.
How about beating the fatigue and stress caused by the heat and humidity of summer with a family movie night by the cool and breezy Nanji Pond?During the summer vacation, the Seoul Metropolitan City will hold Summer Night Family Theater from August 1 (Fri) to August 23 (Sat) at 8pm for a total of nine nights at the Peace Park UNICEF Plaza in World Cup Park, located in Sangam-dong, Mapo-gu. The films will be screened free of charge. This year is the 13th Summer Night Family Theater, which began in 2002 with the opening of World Cup Park. Since then, the event has been great appreciated by families for offering a night out to beat the heat and enjoy various films. The hot summer nights have once again come this year! So, the World Cup Park Family Theater is planning to show nine films covering various topics that will not only help children develop their imagination, but also help people reconnect with the love and importance of their families.2014 Summer Night Family TheaterSchedule
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will open Unhyeongung Palace to the public every Friday night in July and August and organize performances for all visitors to enjoy. Unhyeongung was the private residence of Heungseon Daewongun Yi Ha-eung (later honored as Heonui Daewonwang) and the place where Emperor Gojong, the first emperor of the Korean Empire, lived until he was 12 years old, before being crowned as king. On the Open Friday Nights, all sections of Unhyeongung Palace, except Norakdang, will be open to the public from 7pm to 9pm, and traditional Korean opera and cultural performances will be held.Performances will be held at Irodang, the main palace building. At 7:30pm, Ran (), a traditional Korean opera will begin. It is a story about Heungseon Daewongun Yi Ha-eung, Emperor Gojong, Empress Myeongseong, and Jin Chae-seon, the most prominent female master singer.For one hour, from 7:30pm, a feast of traditional Korean performances will be held under the quiet moonlight and enveloped in the elegant surroundings of Unhyeongung Palace.Unhyeongung Palace Open Friday NightsTraditional Korean Opera Ran at Unhyeongung PalaceJuly 4  Hwang Gyu-sang, Choi Sun-hee
The district of Gangnam-gu has recently announced the upcoming operation of its Gangnam City Tour Bus, a program aimed at providing foreign visitorsmany of whom are drawn to Gangnam thanks to the popularity of Hallyu and Gangnam Stylea more convenient way of touring the area. Set to begin operation in August, 2014, the Gangnam-gu Office bus tours will run in accordance with the following schedules, routes, and prices. The Gangnam City Tour Bus has a total of two routesa pink and a bluethat stop by Garosu-gil, Yeongdong Market, Apgujeong Rodeo Street, K-star Road in Cheongdam-dong, and COEX.1. Operating Hours : First Bus 10:00 / Last Bus Departs at 19:00 (buses run at hour intervals)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has launched the 2014 Healthy Weight 3.3.3. Project with the participation of 17,415 Seoul citizens. The Heathy Weight 3.3.3. Project is a weight-loss program designed help participants lose 3kg over 3 months, and maintain that weight for the following 3 months. It was first launched in 2013, after the 2012 Community Health Survey revealed that the obesity rate in Seoul had been on an upward trend for four consecutive years and one out of every four citizens were considered obese. For this years project, any citizen wishing to participate was welcome to apply between April and June 30th through the Healthy Weight 3.3.3. Project website (www.health100.or.kr), with a total of 17,415 citizens applying for the program. Among them, 83 people also signed up for the 6.6.6. Program, in which the participants will lose 6 kg over 6 months and maintain their new weight for 6 months.[Namsan (Mountain) Walking Event]The Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide nutrition counseling and organize physical activities, physical examinations, and other programs, such as Walking through the Attractions of Seoul, Jump Rope Class for Teens, and Making a Healthy Workplace. At the end of the program in September, participants will be weighed to see how much weight they lost. The Healthy Weight 3.3.3. Project Evaluation Competition, the final part of the program, will be held on October 11, Obesity Day, to tally up the weight loss of all the participants. The biggest loser will be selected, and various health-related mementos and gifts will also be provided. Furthermore, in cooperation with the Korea Yakult Corporation, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will deliver about nine tons (expected) of rice, an amount equivalent to the weight that the participants will have lost, to low income families.[Health Management Programs]In 2013, 5,812 participants lost a total of 9,580kg, and this year the project was expanded to include not only individual participants but also groups from companies and schools. The school programs are operated in connection with the Office of Education, community health centers, school nurses, and physical education teachers. During school hours, physical activities such as 10-minute exercise during recess, stretching, jump rope activities, and stair climbing are provided as part of the program, and community health centers offer metabolic syndrome management plans during the school vacation. Company programs include body composition measurement at community health centers and obesity prevention programs, such as metabolic syndrome management, physical activities, and nutrition counseling, as well as behavioral modification counseling for individuals and walking clubs for workers.
Take a stroll to a nearby fountain with family or friends! but..is fountain water clean? At a splash or stream fountain, it is possible to inadvertently drink the fountain water. So, the Seoul Metropolitan City government strictly controls the water quality. The water quality is inspected once a month, and twice a month during the peak season in July and August.  The water in the tanks is changed one a week, and three times a week in July and August. The water is safe. Here are some of the fountains in Seoul you can visit on the weekends. 
The official website for Seoul Solution (www.seoulsolution.kr), a policy archive of Seoul Metropolitan Government, was launched in July 2014 (Korean/English, mobile). The site is a comprehensive collection of Seouls expertise and policy resources regarding urban policy.A website with information on Seouls model urban policies that can be accessed globally, serving as a hub for information exchange on urban policyIn response to the increasing number of Seoul Metropolitan Governments model urban policies that are exported and applied overseas, Seoul Solution has been established as a comprehensive, multipurpose website that provides valuable expertise and policy information on city planning and operation in a systematic manner. It also offers feedback to cities all over the world that wish to share in the exchange of such knowledge. The website is divided into four major areas (Korean website) : Model Seoul Policies, Policy Sharing Activities, Data on Overseas Cities, and Private-Public Cooperation.In response to requests from cities in developing countries to share its experiences and policy expertise on the variety of problems that arise throughout the process of urbanization, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has been sharing its policy-related experiences with various countries through policy consultations and by establishing systems/infrastructure in cooperation with private corporations and organizations related to international development.The Seoul Policy Office provides an overview of Seouls 50-year development history and city management expertiseThe websites Model Seoul Policies section includes the Seoul Policy Office, which has systematically organized the various policies pursued by the city of Seoul throughout its 50-year process of urbanization. The information can be easily accessed, searched, and utilized by any overseas city government and/or private company.For the convenience of those interested in Seouls urban policies, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has included over 100 policy introduction manuals on the website, covering eight major policy areas and sharing information on both policy and Seouls experiences. Each manual has been designed for practical use by those in charge of carrying out urban policies overseas, and is divided into several sections: background/cause for introducing the policy, process and expertise required for policy implementation, and difficulties and possible solutions. Also, to promote understanding, over 300 types of policy-related content that had previously been scattered across various organizations have been accumulated and presented together with the policy manuals.Opens window for online private-public cooperation with related organizations and companies that have expanded overseasThe Data on Overseas Cities section provides a variety of information on foreign cities for the benefit of companies that wish to expand their business activities overseas, including the status of city-level exchanges with the Seoul Metropolitan Government and current affairs/issues in various cities. The city of Seoul is also planning to invite overseas purchasing organizations and buyers from cities to which Korean companies hope to expand to training sessions on Seouls model policies, as well as provide administrative services, such as support for field trips to Seoul so that employees from overseas cities can see how policies are put into action.In addition, companies will find the Business Proposal Corner in the Private-Public Cooperation section helpful. The Business Proposal Corner allows anyone interested in expanding overseas through private-public cooperation to freely propose business ideas on the website. A spokesperson for the Seoul Metropolitan Government stated that if the city can combine its city management expertise and administrative capabilities with professional technology, significant synergy may be created when Seouls model policies are applied in cities in other countries all over the world.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will be holding the Seoul Summer Sale 2014, a shopping tour festival, all across Seoul for the entire month of July.The Seoul Summer Sale 2014 offers foreign tourists and shoppers great deals and discounts up to 70 percent at a total of 1,208 department stores, duty free shops, shopping malls, and more.Since the main demographic of the promotion is young Asian women in their 20s and 30s, BEAST, a popular Korean boy band that made a recent comeback, was appointed as the sales honorary ambassador. In addition to ads and events featuring the band, Seoul Summer Sale 2014 will also be offering special promotions and events for foreign shoppers on and offline throughout the month of July.2014 Seoul Summer Sale Official Website and QR CodeSeoul Summer Sale 2014 Discount Card for Super Savings at Participating StoresSeoul Summer Sale 2014 is a unique and exciting shopping festival in Seoul for international tourists. A total of 1,208 businessesshopping, beauty and health, entertainment, food and beverages, currency exchange, accommodations, transportation, and moreare joining in this years summertime festivities to help foreign tourists take advantage of the best Seoul has to offer at reasonable prices. Information about the Seoul Summer Sale Discount Card, which shoppers must present to get extra savings, and a welcome brochure, containing specific discount information for participating stores, can be found at the Publicity Booth (44th Reception Counter) at the Incheon International Airport, the Seoul Sale Publicity Booth at DDP, and major tourist centers in Seoul. Shoppers can also visit the official Seoul Summer Sale website (www.seoulsale.com) or download information via mobile QR Code.Giveaway Events, Discount Coupons, and Other EventsA variety of online events featuring honorary ambassador BEAST will be held throughout the month-long Seoul Summer Sale at the Seoul Sumer Sale website (www.seoulsale.com). Shoppers abroad can enter for a chance to win a free roundtrip ticket to Seoul, a CD signed by BEAST, an Etude cosmetics set, and more.Offline at the Incheon Airport, DDP, and other Seoul Summer Sale 2014 publicity booths, visitors can try their luck at darts games or enter giveaways to win various prizes. At the booths, visitors will even have a chance to try out cosmetics s from some of the most prominent cosmetics companies in Korea, free of charge.Discounts on Performances and Exhibitions, including Pyeongrong Namsangol Hanok Village, SICAF 2014, and My Love from the Star Exhibition HallSeoul Summer Sale 2014 also provides discounts on performances and exhibitions in Seoul, including Pyeongrong Namsangol Hanok Village, SICAF 2014, and the My Love from the Star Exhibition Hall, allowing visitors from abroad to enjoy some of the cultural contents of Seoul.The Director of the Seoul Tourism Business Division praised the annual sale promotion saying, Seoul Summer Sales offer a variety of shopping discounts to international visitors, helping to develop Seouls image as a Mecca for shopping and tourism and to satisfy the expectation of foreign tourists. He also added, We will continue to actively promote Seoul Summer Sales so that participating stores may also benefit in terms of increasing their sales during the festival period.
Promoting Alternative Accommodations for Korean and Foreign Tourists in the Summer Peak Months of June and JulyThe Seoul Metropolitan Government has designated the summer peak months of June and July as months in which to promote alternative accommodation for foreign tourists. The promotion focuses mainly on homestays, in which locals rent out spare rooms to tourists, and hanokstays, in which people can experience living in hanok, traditional Korean houses. As part of its promotional campaign, which aims to increase the number of these businesses to a total of 700 citywide, the city government will be holding business information sessions and providing other types of support.Currently (as of May 2014), there are 473 registered urban homestay businesses (a business model established in 2012) and 79 hanokstay business (established in 2009), making for a total of 552 businesses registered in Seoul. These business models were originally adopted as a way to address the shortage of accommodations caused by the ever-increasing number of foreign tourists and to create jobs for retirees. Definition of Homestay and Hanokstay   Urban Homestay Business for Foreign TouristsA business open to foreign tourists that operates lodging and meal facilities within residential housing, allowing foreign tourists to experience Korean family culture. (Enforcement Decree of the Tourism Promotion Act, Article 2). Only open to foreigners.   Hanokstay BusinessA business that provides lodging in hanok (traditional Korean wooden buildings/facilities characterized by unique Korean aesthetics and equipped with Korean amenities), allowing tourists to experience traditional Korean culture. (Enforcement Decree of the Tourism Promotion Act, Article 2). Open to both Koreans and foreigners.By promoting alternative homestay/hanokstay businesses, the city government hopes to encourage homeowners to start businesses and increase the awareness and occupancy rates of foreign tourists in Seoul. Main strategies to promote new businesses include: 1) hosting an information session in the first half of 2014 for Seoul citizens interested in opening homestay and hanokstay facilities, 2) opening an academy to offer classes in tax and accounting, management consulting, safety education, global etiquette and foreign languages, and 3) promoting alternative accommodation businesses through on and offline channels abroad. For Foreign Tourists: Advertise Seoul City Integrated Accommodation Reservation and Promotion Site and Guide Maps on Google and Other SitesAlong with the homestay/hanokstay programs, the Integrated Accommodation Reservation and Promotion site (stay.visitseoul.net), which was launched last year in July, will be advertised to foreign tourists on major web portals such as Google and Yahoo between July and September. Moreover, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will actively promote these accommodation offline through Tourism Seoul Night information sessions and at Seoul Promotion Centers set up at tourism trade fairs abroad.
For the convenience of foreign tourists, the Seoul Metropolitan Government also plans to update its Guide Map of Concentrated Areas for Alternative Accommodation, made earlier this year, and place the maps at major tourism information centers and alternative accommodation businesses in Seoul.
Induce the Expansion of New Homestay Businesses by Providing Fire Extinguishers, Interpretation Phones, and Funding for SignboardsAs part of its plan to encourage the expansion of alternative accommodation businesses, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide new business owners with 1) safety equipment, such as fire extinguishers and self-contained fire alarms, 2) phones and interpretation services in 7 languages for up to 1 year to the businesses having difficulties communicating, and 3) funds for signboards (up to 100,000).  In addition, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will facilitate meetings where accommodation business owners can meet to share ideas as well as regularly host feedback sessions for alternative accommodation businesses to share their opinions on current support measures. Feedback will then be used to improve future government policies.
Artists are often seen as free spirits, traveling to the far corners of the earth in search of inspiration. In celebration of this spirit of wanderlust and the diverse socio-cultural works it produces, the Seoul Museum of Art proudly announces Universal Studios, Seoul, an exhibition featuring the works of foreign artists living in Korea. The exhibition provides an opportunity for viewers to see Korea through the eyes of foreigners as well as get a glimpse of how Koreans view foreigners. The exhibit features the work of thirteen foreign artists. Originally from Japan, Germany, the Netherlands, the UK, Spain, Canada, Czech Republic, India, Singapore, and Australia, these artists came to Korea for a variety of reasonsfor work, marriage, study abroad, or just pure adventureand have lived in Korea for as short as a year to as long as 20 years, working on their art. One of these artists featured is Emil Goh, whose sudden death shocked and saddened people across the world in 2009.The title of the exhibition, sure to bring to mind the film-themed park in Hollywood, references the studios of foreign artists living in Korea as places where the universal and global phenomena of modern people who lead nomadic lives transcending borders are recreated. The title of the exhibition also symbolizes the cultural perceptions that naturally develop when confronted with a foreign culturesuch as, artists romantic biases or critical perspectives of Korea, or Koreans expectations of foreigner and their art.Artists examine something familiar in an unfamiliar way something that is the norm in a different way. In the exhibit as well, the artists shine a new light on many things that are the norm in Korea. While some of the pieces in the exhibition focus on more universal themes, maintaining the unique style of artists that they had before moving to Korea, others explore Korean history and culture, the division of the peninsula, Korean politics, the urban scenery, and daily life in Korea. Ingo Baumgarten, Klega, Simon Morley, and Alfred 23 Harth will be showcasing works from both before and after their big move to Korea, allowing viewers to appreciate the changes in each artists aesthetic stances, themes, and subjects with the change of their geographical location. The exhibition booklet includes the thoughts of 12 artists, with the exception of Emil Goh, on five key words: home, language, cultural fantasy, passport, and Seoul. Each artist expresses his or her thoughts through prose, poems, drawings, photographs, and other mediums, allowing visitors to gain further insight into the artists thought processes while viewing their artworks. In addition, performances, round table discussions, and artist talks will be held throughout the exhibition period to discuss and learn about the artists perspectives and their reaction to Korea and Korean culture as expressed in their art. 
The Buk Seoul Museum of Art and Myongji Universitys The Research Institute: The History of Photography jointly present the exhibition VIP 1950-60: Vintage in Photography. The exhibit features approximately 100 photographs, owned by theSeoul Museum of Art, that date from the 1950s to the 1960s. . By featuring the work of six major Korean photographers active mainly in the 1950-60s, the exhibition hopes to offer an overview of major trends in the history of modern Korean photography.The 1950s and 1960s were a time of major change, both for Korean society and the photography community. The turbulence of liberation from colonial rule and the Korean War gave birth to a brand of everyday life-based realism that served as a reflection of reality. There was also a movement that aspired to create a highly independent atmosphere in which artists sought to capture an objects essential nature. It is the diverse range of experimental artwork that utilizes these themes and methods of expression that became the momentum for the broadening of the boundaries of modern Korean photography. The exhibition is divided into two galleries (Photography Gallery 1, 2), with one gallery devoted to the RIHP Collection and the other to the SeMA Collection. The RIHP Collection features the vintage photographic works of Hyeon Il-young, Lee Hae-seon and Lee Hyeong-rok, noted artists who did not restrict themselves to the heavily standardized trends of realism and pictoralism of the day, but instead demonstrated a balance between photography as a record of reality and its formative nature. The SeMA Collection features the work of Han Young-su, Hong Sun-tae and Ju Myeong-deok, who present a realistic depiction of life in Korea, and particularly Seoul, in the 1950s and 60s. While heavily utilizing the basic nature of photography as a recording agent, the works of these photographers still show each artists unique perspective. In capturing aspects of Korean society and everyday life as well as their gradual transformation over time, the photographs in this collection are a vivid representation of the real world.To better aid understanding of the socio-historical context of the photographs, the exhibition also has on display monthly periodicals and leaflets from the 1950s and 60s featuring the participating artists alongside their artwork in the galleries. The 1950-60s was a watershed period in modern Korean photographic history in which artists experimented with the photographs nature as a recording agent while developing their own unique perspective. VIP 1950-60: Vintage in Photography is an invaluable opportunity to learn more about the 1950s and 60s in Korea and get a glimpse of the perspectives and work of each of the six featured VIP photographers.
The Seoul Museum of Art (Director: Kim Hong-hee) will be hosting the exhibition Secretly Greatly from June 10 until August 3 that features the works of the final three contestants of CJ E&M Story ons art survival program Art Star Korea. Story ons Art Star Korea (ASK) is the first art-themed survival TV program planned and produced in Korea. The program, which aims to discover talented artists who will lead the future of Korean modern art, was a hot topic even before it aired due to its inclusion on the show of some of the most authoritative and recognized figures in the modern art community to serve as mentors and judges. The suspense-filled survival battle of talented artists and the touching stories that emerge from their pure passion for art have won the program great popularity from an enthusiastic viewership. The winner of the survival competition will receive KRW 100,000,000 to be used for artistic creation, the opportunity to hold a private exhibition at a distinguished art gallery, a chance to study abroad, and various other prizes. The Top 3 contestants selected on June 8 (Ku Hye-young, Shin Je-hyun, and Yu Byeong-seo) will be displaying works that are products of the assigned mission of the most recently broadcast ASK episode as well as works that explore much heavier and darker themes. The exhibition is part of SeMAs efforts to break away from its formal image and embrace a new approach to art. By collaborating with the broadcasting company, the museums hopes to show its acceptance of rapidly changing trends in modern art and support the discovery of new artists who are able to successfully blend artistry with pop culture. The eleventh episode of ASK will be broadcast on June 15 (Sun) at 11 pm as a special episode entitled Special Talk with the 15 Contestants. The last episode, which will reveal the programs final winner, will be broadcast on Story on at 11 pm on June 22 (Sun). The artwork of Ku Hye-young, Shin Je-hyun and Yu Byeong-seo made for the programs final mission will be on display at SeMA until August 3 (Sun).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government recently published its 10 Rules for Eco-friendly and Economic Driving, which lists simple ways to reduce annual fuel consumption by 10% for a savings of 360,000 won per person. 10 Rules for Eco-friendly and Economic DrivingOne of the campaign rules suggests emptying your trunk to lighten the overall weight of the car. Also, by putting your car in neutral while waiting at traffic lights, you can prevent wasting energy and fuel. Coasting downhill, instead of stepping on the gas, can also help reduce the use of fuel.By following these and the rest of the 10 rules, it is possible to reduce your total fuel consumption by 182L a year, which translates into a savings of 360,000 won per person. If all 3 million vehicles s registered in Seoul were operated following these rules, it would amount to a total savings of 1.07 trillion won.Environmentally speaking, if all registered cars in Seoul were to participate in this movement, CO2 emissions would be reduced by a total of 890,000 tons, which would have the same environmental impact as planting 180 million pine trees every year. Through the campaign, the Seoul Metropolitan Government also hopes to reduce fine air particles (PM2.5) by about 79 tons, which would greatly alleviate some of the citys air pollution concerns.In addition to its financial and environmental benefits, the city government believes that the adoption of the campaign will help prevent traffic accidents and promote a culture of safe driving. Experts say that practicing the aforementioned rules would reduce the occurrence of traffic accidents by 8% and reduce casualties by 14% as well as serious injuries by 36%.
Through continued cooperation with relevant organizations including the Ministry of Health and Welfare, the National Tax Service, 25 gu offices, and numerous drivers license test centers, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has begun conducting one-stop services for filing civil petitions including registration of births, claiming government childcare subsidies, declaring business closures/bankruptcy, and applying for/receiving passports and international drivers licenses.Case 1Having recently given birth to a baby girl, B visited a gu office to fill out a birth registration form and apply for a childcare subsidy, but was only able to apply for birth registration. To apply for the subsidy, B was forced to make another trip to the Community Service Center.Up until now, the birth of a child could only be registered at the Office of Civil Service of a gu office. After registering the birth at a gu office, citizens had to make a second trip to the local Community Service Center to apply for the government subsidy available to help fund child-rearing costs. Now, thanks to the new system, it is possible to both register the birth and apply for the subsidy all at one at a gu office. However, since the amount of the childcare subsidy increases when the child begins daycare, parents must register the change in subsidy type online at http://online.bokjiro.go.kr or visit the Community Service Center.Case 2A, a newspaper publisher, decided to close his business and went to the Civil Complaints Office at City Hall to register his business closure and declare bankruptcy. Shortly afterward, he received a VAT bill. Upon contacting the tax office, he was told that he needed to register the closure at the tax office as well, forcing him to make an additional trip.Previously, registering business closures for 20 business categories, including newspaper, real estate development and construction, required making two separate trips: one to City Hall and one to the local tax office. With the establishment of the Seoul City Hall Civil Complaints Office, business owners can now make one trip when registering a closure The 20 categories for which one-stop services are provided were selected due to having the highest number of civil petitions and complaints per year. Seoul City plans to expand the number of business types supported by the petition office in the near future.The processing method is as follows: once a business owner files for a business closure/bankruptcy) the business closure is processed by City Hall while the motion for bankruptcy is sent to the jurisdictional tax office. The citizen is kept updated on the status of his or her applications via text message or phone callCase 3To apply for a passport and an international drivers license, C visited the  Gu Office of Seoul City. In the past, a visit to a drivers license test center was required in order to be issued an international drivers license. However, now both passports and international drivers licenses can be applied for and issued at the Office of Civil Service.Previously, passports were issued by a gu office, and international drivers licenses were issued by drivers license test centers and police stations. Now, citizens can both apply for and receive passports and international drivers licenses with only one visit to a gu offices Civil Petition Office. As of this publication, these services are available in nine districts: Nowon-gu, Dongdaemun-gu, Jungnang-gu, Gangbuk-gu, Eunpyeong-gu, Seodaemun-gu, Guro-gu, Geumcheon-gu and Yeongdeungpo-gu. Seoul City plans to proactively encourage systemic changes in each district so that these services will be available in all 25 districts in the near future.
In the past few years, Seouls waterworks facilities and technology have been gaining much recognition worldwide. Last year in 2013, over 550 overseas city officials visited Yeongdeungpo Arisu Water Purification Center and Seoul Waterworks Authority. The facilities were once again graced with the presence of foreign dignitaries on May 13, 2014 with the visit of officials from the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago.
House Speaker Wade Mark of Trinidad and Tobago made his initial request to visit the waterworks facilities when he came to Korea on May 7 to participate in the World e-Parliament Conference .During his visit, Mark and the director of the Seoul Waterworks Authority discussed information related to waterworks systems, and the two promised to build a close and mutually cooperative relationship. One of the main topics of discussion was the installation of a remote water meter and the operation of a waterworks system that both of which are part of a project commissioned by the Water and Sewage Authority of Trinidad and Tobago.The Seoul Metropolitan Government also provided information on the policies and technology of waterworks in Seoul, allowing Korean companies to bid on the Trinidad and Tobago waterworks construction project.The project, commissioned by the Waterworks and Sewage Authority in Trinidad and Tobago, involves the installation of about 15,000 water meters. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will bid on the project after forming a consortium with a Korean SME. The city government will not participate as a shareholder, but will supervise and manage the construction project using its advanced technological knowledge of urban water supply and drainage systems. In this way, Seoul and Korean SMEs will pursue expansion into the overseas markets through the consortium. Trinidad and Tobago
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is currently recruiting 20 foreign students enrolled in universities in the Seoul area for its Seoul Global Internship Program, now in its 14th year. The city is accepting applications between May 15 (Thu) and 28 (Wed).Global Interns will be selected through the process of document screening and interviews the final results will be announced on June 13. Over the course of the internship, which runs from June 23 to August 8, Global Interns will work six hours a day, five days a week learning about different administrative duties such as: collecting and analyzing overseas policies in Seoul Metropolitan Government offices, assisting in holding international events, and working as translators and interpreters.During the program, Global Interns will also participate in community service activities such going to senior centers, visiting with the elderly, and helping push those in wheelchairs. In addition, they will also have a chance to explore Seoul on field trips by visiting Arisu Water Purification Centers, which supply water to Seoul, and taking a ride on the Hangang River Cruise Ship.The Seoul Metropolitan Government has held its Global Internship Program since 2008, scheduling the program to coincide with university breaks every summer and winter. Up until now, a total of 389 foreign students from 63 different countries have successfully completed the internship program.Any foreign student who wishes to apply to the Global Internship Program must fill out an application and submit it to global_intern@seoul.go.kr by May 28.To Apply: http://global.seoul.go.kr/
On May 15, Mayor Park Won Soon attended the opening ceremony of the 2014 Flood Control Disaster & Safety Countermeasure Headquarters held at 9:50am at the Seoul Safety Control Center at Seoul City Hall.The Flood Control Disaster & Safety Countermeasure Headquarters, which will address storm and flooding issues in Seoul during the rainy summer season, will be in operation for the next five months until October 15. Major responsibilities of the headquarters include expanding and repairing emergency facilities in each district, establishing the foundations for a hydrological system to reduce runoff, and preventing landslides and the isolation of stream areas.At the opening ceremony, Mayor Park emphasized the importance of citizen safety and the necessity of reviewing safety manuals and existing storm and flood response systems, which depend upon the cooperation of all relevant organizations and Seoul citizens. During his speech, Mayor Park entreated listeners to help make Seoul a safer city by continuing to support thorough inspections and supplementation of flood control facilities.
In May 2014, in consideration of the 400,000 foreign resident era of multiculturalism (one in 25 Seoul residents is a foreign citizen), the Seoul Metropolitan Government unveiled its Dagachi Seoul Master Plan, the blueprint of the citys foreign resident policy for the next five years (2014-18).The plan is the first of its kind ever created by a local government on foreign resident policy. The Korean word dagachi in the title literally means all together, representing the plans goal of establishing diversity as a shared value in todays era of multiculturalism. The plan aims to create a tightly-knit support net, particularly in areas that have not been addressed by Koreas central government.For example, the Integrated International Cultural Center will be opened in 2018 to assist with the construction and establishment of cultural centers of non-OECD countries. It will be a landmark of the multicultural city that Seoul is rapidly becoming. Also, a second Global Center will be opened this July in Yeongdeungpo-gu. This year, together with the Seoul Global Center, it will extend its operating hours to include weekends, on a trial basis.In 2016, the Comprehensive Counseling and Support Center for Foreign Students will be opened, the first ever established by a local government, to support the needs of foreign students studying in Korea by providing support on issues from everyday living to employment opportunities. Also, one branch of the Seoul Institute of Technology and Education will be tasked with providing employment support for the children of foreign residents.For foreign residents who face linguistic, legal, administrative, employment-related, and various other obstacles, new programs and initiatives will soon be introduced, including legal translation and interpretation services, the Seoul Correspondent system, a registration system for prospective non-profit private organizations, and the Foreign Resident Job Fair.In order to regularly hear direct feedback from foreign residents and apply it to Seoul City policy, meetings will be held with representatives of foreign residents per nationality and/or immigration type. Also, model foreign citizens, individuals who have made contributions to their local communities, will be selected to receive the Mayors Award.The Seoul Metropolitan Government began developing the Dagachi Seoul Master Plan in April 2013. Beginning with academic services and after 52 negotiations with foreign residents, by nationality and immigration type, as well as civic groups and experts from academia and relevant organizations, the final version of the plan has come to focus on four major areas (proliferation of the value of human rights, cultural diversity, shared growth, and skills development) and includes 14 policy assignments, and 100 subordinate individual projects.1. Proliferation of the value of human rights  Foreign residents are our neighbors, not strangers: City with a global citizenry
First, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will focus on establishing human rights-promoting policies for the systematic protection of foreign residents human rights, which have thus far been largely neglected. To promote the notion that foreign residents are our neighbors, not strangers throughout Korean society, efforts will be made to carry out a variety of training programs and campaigns to improve public perception of foreign residents.As an overall supervisory organization on human rights advancement policy, the Seoul Metropolitan Government Office of Women and Family Policy Affairs created the first-ever Foreign Resident Human Rights Team in February 2014. To make the team itself a pro-multicultural organization, two foreign government employees were included.To guarantee a minimum degree of housing rights, a total of four Foreign Resident Shelters (one per area) will be established and operated. Those eligible to use the shelters are foreign residents who are unemployed or in-between jobs and have no other contacts in Korea, as well as those who have no other place to live due to reasons such as family violence. These shelters will be financially supported by other shelters currently being operated by existing civic groups. As a mid to long-term goal, plans for a municipal foreign residents shelter will be made.To avoid human rights abuses and discrimination due to language barriers, the Seoul Correspondent system and legal translation and interpretation services will be established. The Seoul Correspondent is a Seoul-based job, for which 10 foreign students and female immigrants who are well-versed in Korean have been selected earlier this year. They will personally accompany those who require services to public organizations, hospitals, or any other location to ensure accurate communication. One can apply for Seoul Correspondent service through the Seoul Global Center.Legal translators and interpreters who have both familiarity with legal concepts and foreign language skills will be fostered. They will assist foreign residents involved in legal disputes who have no knowledge of Korean law and lack the necessary Korean language skills.The improvement of public perception of foreigners will be pursued in two ways: training and social campaigns. Municipal and local government employees and those who work at Seouls 42 foreigner support facilities will regularly participate in sensitivity training of multiple cultures in order to prevent the human rights abuses that frequently occur in the administrative process. The 42 facilities include one Global Center, seven foreign employee support centers, seven Global Village Centers, 24 multicultural family support centers, two Global Business Centers, and one Global Culture and Tourism Center.For ordinary citizens, cultural content tailored to each nationality on eating, wearing, enjoying, and feeling Korea will be developed to help the natural flow of cultural communication. Various online and offline media will be continuously utilized for citizen-participation events, such as campaigns and UCC contests.2. Cultural Diversity  An advanced multicultural city where foreign residents freely participate in policymaking and community service
Second, a variety of exchange and communication channels will be established to provide foreign residents with opportunities to participate in policy planning and local activities. A sustainable multicultural ecosystem based on cultural diversity will be created through measures including the establishment of the Integrated International Cultural Center.In 2015, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will establish a foreign resident representative meeting, made up of appointed foreign resident representatives by nationality and immigration type. Four regular meetings (one per quarter) and frequent sectional meetings will be held with the attendance of relevant departments per policy and individual activity. Feedback from these meetings will be applied to the policymaking process.A prospective non-profit private organization registration system will also be introduced. This system will relax or apply the requirements of legal non-profit organizations in order to allow private organizations to operate on par with their non-profit counterparts. A way for these organizations to participate in municipal activities open to public contest will also be planned. This system was created in response to the difficulties in operating an organization due to the complicated and difficult registration procedure currently required for foreign non-profit private organizations. After registration as a prospective organization and an organization structure gradually comes into shape, consultation is provided to assist with registration as an official non-profit private organization.Foreign residents who have contributed to society through active participation in city government and local community activities will be presented with the Mayors Award for Model Foreign Residents. The award will be presented on May 20 (Together Day) of each year.To assist non-OECD countries that are unable to open their own cultural centers due to financial constraints, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will establish an Integrated International Cultural Center. Planned to be opened in 2018, the center will be promoted as a major landmark of a multicultural Seoul through cultural experience activities of many different nations. Currently, there are 13 nations (including Great Britain, Germany, France, Japan, and New Zealand) that have established cultural centers in Seoul (16 nations in Korea as a whole).Also, each month of the year will be designated as a month for foreign residents from a particular country (i.e. January: Month of Mongolian Residents of Seoul, February: Month of Chinese Residents of Seoul). On the month of a particular nation, events celebrating that nations holidays and commemorative days will be held in Seoul Plaza, as well as a Seoul town meeting for foreign residents of that nation.3. Shared Growth  A city of partnered growth that also shares social responsibility and duties
Third, the Seoul Global Center, a comprehensive support facility that provides one-stop assistance regarding various difficulties experienced by the foreign residents of Seoul, will open a second branch to supplement its current location (Seorin-dong, Jongno-gu). So that these two centers may conduct their duties from the position of the Seoul citizen rather than merely top-down administration, partnered growth policies will also be implemented.The second Seoul Global Center will open its doors in July 2014 at Daerim-dong, Yeongdeungpo-gu. A combination of the existing Global Village Center in Yeongdeungpo and the Seoul Global Migrant Center, the new Global Center will be housed in a five-story building (four floors above-ground, one floor below-ground) with a total floor area of 936m2. The building includes a comprehensive counseling office and classrooms for foreign residents as well as medical facilities and a book caf that are open to all local residents. By including conveniences for all residents, it is hoped that positive exchange between Koreans and foreigners will increase.To reflect the lifestyle of most foreign residents, who have more free time on weekends than weekdays, the weekday-focused operational schedule of the current Seoul Global Center and all 42 foreigner support facilities will be completely reorganized to focus on weekend-oriented operation.Also, the existing in-house learning format of Korean language education will be modified to include a wider variety of educational environments, such as online and mobile learning. The content of Korean language education will also be broadened to include not only basic Korean but also advanced-level classes to create a new educational system in which anyone can learn Korean regardless of time or location. In particular, advanced Korean classes will include a TOPIK preparatory course so that Korean language ability can be more effectively linked to employment opportunities. These classes will be conducted in all 25 districts of Seoul.In addition, liaisons will be established with private banks to provide discounts on wire transfer and foreign currency exchange commissions. The exact discount rate is currently being negotiated with relevant parties. For model taxpayers and those who actively participate in Seoul city government activities, commission fees will be waived entirely.So that foreign residents do not become negligent in carrying out their responsibilities and duties due to the differences in legal, social, and cultural systems between Korea and their native countries, three different programs will be carried out: 1) the operation of the Becoming a Citizen Academy, 2) fortification of taxpaying duties and provision of paid services for foreign residents, and 3) the expansion of foreigner volunteer crime prevention groups. The Becoming a Citizen Academy provides basic knowledge on Korean laws and systems that are mandatory for all Korean citizens, and will begin operation in 2015. To encourage increased tax payment, including the residence tax, cooperative systems will be established with the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Security and Public Administration. To promote the faithful payment of taxes, diligent taxpayers will be identified and provided with incentives.4. Skills Development  Workers, foreign students, foreign spouses, second-generation residents, Korean Chinese A highly competitive city
Fourth, foreign residents who wish to work or start a business in Seoul, and thereby achieve the Korean dream, will be provided with assistance through policies designed to strengthen self-reliance that are tailored for each nationality and immigration type.The Foreign Resident Job Fair will be established to help foreign residents of Seoul find jobs that fit their interests and abilities. For foreign workers who do not have time to learn Korean because they are currently employed, the Korean Class at Work program will be operated to teach practical Korean that is required in the workplace.Financial support for entrepreneurial activities will be provided according to the nature of the business, ranging from subsistence to high value added businesses. Professional consultants will be sent to the offices of subsistence entrepreneurs (i.e. food product retail, distribution) as part of the Global Shop Clinic. Also, the Foreigner Venture Contest will be held for foreign residents and students with start-up ideas that are based on technology or intellectual property. The winning team will be given an opportunity to enter an incubation office as well as points that can be used to acquire a technology entrepreneur visa.Beginning in 2015, the Foreign Worker Legal Support Officer system will be launched. It will handle all work related to lawsuits pertaining to unreasonable discrimination against foreign workers and cases of overdue or unpaid wages. Attorneys and certified labor consultants will be hired for this purpose and will work under the Seoul Foreign Resident Human Rights Team.The Comprehensive Foreign Student Counseling and Support Center will be established, the first of its kind created by a local government, and is planned to open in 2016. The Center will provide one-stop consultation on housing, college life, medical facilities, and all other necessary information for foreign students studying in Korea. The Center also plans to offer skills development programs that are geared toward employment, by providing assistance with writing personal introductions for job applications, Korean language classes, and job placement services.Also, the Foreign Student-Private Company Internship Program, serving to connect foreign students, universities, and private companies, will be established. Surveys are to be conducted regarding corporate demand for foreign student interns, after which foreign students are recommended to interested companies by their universities.For the 50,000 foreign spouses in Seoul, making up 12% of all foreign residents, assistance will be provided to help them find good quality jobs and educational opportunities for personal development. Jobs, such as tourism interpretation guides and Seoul Correspondent positions, which utilize their native language abilities, will be actively developed so that foreign spouses can find jobs that match their areas of expertise.Also, by utilizing private resources, university scholarships will be provided to foreign spouses and their children who attend elementary, middle, or high school or university in Korea. In 2014, 299 people will each be awarded a scholarship ranging from KRW 300,000 to KRW 3 million. In addition, foreign spouses will be provided free mental health services, and music therapy and art therapy programs that they can take part in with their children will be expanded in range and quantity.
For the Korean Chinese population, which makes up over half (57%) of Seouls entire foreign resident population, expert development programs will be conducted to train experts who will act as a bridge between Korea and China in trade, culture, and other areas. Through public-private cooperation, the lawless behavior in areas with large populations of Korean Chinese residents will be improved at a fundamental level.The Korean Chinese Expert Development Academy, a program that is currently being planned, will maximize the advantages of Korean Chinese citizens (fluent in both Korean and Chinese and possessing a diverse cultural background). Practical training will also be provided for skills development in areas such as entrepreneurship, taxes, and law.To secure a basic atmosphere of order (i.e. illegal disposal of trash, public disturbances caused by excessive alcohol, and loud shouting and singing in the street) in Daerim-dong, Yeongdeungpo-gu, where over 40% of the residents are Korean Chinese, an extensive social campaign encouraging proper behavior will be carried out. Other policy tasks, suggested in policy meetings and through expert advisory meetings, that cannot be put into action at present (provision of child care support for foreign residents, welfare support for permanent residents equal to that for Korean citizens, obligation to include at least one foreign resident in public committees, creation of dormitories especially for foreign workers and students, etc.) will be dealt with separately as long-term review tasks. Depending on changes in the administrative environment, the viability of these policy tasks will be reevaluated at a later point in time.Current status of foreign residents of Seoul Number of foreign residents living in Seoul: 395,640 In descending order: China (including Korean Chinese), US, Japan, Vietnam, Taiwan, Canada At 57% of the foreign resident population, Korean Chinese make up the largest group of foreign nationals. Size of foreign resident population per year
 Temporary decrease in 2013 due to the expiration of the working visit (H2) periodDagachi Seoul Master Plan: Major PointsRelated Link: Multicultural family support project
 On May 12, Mayor Park Won Soon visited Haengun-gil. Designed with Crime Prevention through Environmental Design (CPTED), and under the theme Safe, Haengun-gil is located in an area with a high concentration of studio apartments in Haengun-dong, Gwanak-gu. Crime Prevention through Environmental Design (CPTED) is a design sensibility aimed at deterring and preventing criminal behavior. In Seoul, it was first implemented in Yeomni-dong, Mapo-gu, where it proved effective. As a result, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is expanding the implementation of CPTED. Haengun-dong in Gwanak-gu is a Safe Area for Women managed by the Korean National Police Agency. Haengun-dong has the second highest percentage of women in Seoul, and half of the female population in Haengun-dong is women, in their 20s and 30s, living alone. On this day, and along with visiting the Safe Keepers Center, Mayor Park examined the community art, crime prevention modules, reflective sheets and bands, and surveillance cameras all chosen and positioned according to CPTED. In Miru Caf, he also shared exchanged thoughts with the residents of Haengun-dong. Miru Caf has proved a safe harbor for the community of single women.
 On April 11, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon conducted safety inspections of childrens playgrounds in Seollin Childrens Park, Yeomjugol Childrens Park, and Saenmaeul Neighborhood Park in Gangdong-gu, which are currently under construction. Mayor Park examined the playgrounds to ensure their compliance with safety standards, whether they had been built by experts, and whether there were any apparent dangers. Such inspections are crucial because playgrounds are outdoor facilities where children spend a lot of time engaged in physical, emotional, and creative development. All three playgrounds are currently under construction and are scheduled to open to the public in July.
Open to architects and landscape experts all around the world, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has launched a unique design contest for the creation of a cultural icon from a huge oil depot.This contest is open to architects around the world. August 12 (Tues) is the deadline for submitting specific designs.This international design contest aims to select a creative and high-quality design that embodies the concept of a place for citizens and a focus on the environment and regeneration, using the tanks and the surrounding areas. Designs can be submitted between May 13 (Tues) and August 12 (Tues).The city government aims to maximize the industrial legacy of the base and its spatial value that includes five underground storage tanks, with unique interiors, placed at the foot of Maebongsan (Mountain). The Seoul Metropolitan Government is planning to finalize the basic and working designs in 2015 and begin construction in 2016.The 101,510-wide eco-friendly park to be added must include spaces for performances, exhibitions, and information exchanges.When a 101,510-wide eco-friendly park is subsequently created in the areas including and surrounding the oil reserve base, spaces and facilities for performance, information exchanges, and exhibitions will all be promoted and easily staged on a total ground area of 5,400. A performance space should be able to accommodate various performances and 150 to 200 audiences.
 An information exchange space should include a library that can accommodate a maximum of 50 people comfortably browsing through the librarys contents of books, documents, and other types of information. The design of the space must also include a multi-purpose lecture hall capable of accommodating about 100 people at a time for various seminars and lectures. An exhibition space should include a permanent exhibition section that uses the fifth tank to showcase exhibits on ecological preservation and a special exhibition section that uses another tank or space to display various exhibits.Individuals or teams of no more than five people may apply. One person, in any group application, must be a licensed architect.A total of 13 designs to be selected, The winning team will be given the right to plan the basic and working designs, Construction to begin in 2016. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will select a total of 13 designs, and the first prize awardee(s) will be given the right to plan the basic and working designs. The evaluation of the submitted designs will begin with technical evaluations on August, and the finalists will be selected through a series of main evaluations between August 21 and 23. The award ceremony and an exhibition of the selected designs will be held from September 12 and 19.For registration guidance and other information, please refer to the homepage of the Mapo Oil Reserve Base International Design Competition (www.mapodepot.org).< Current Status of the Mapo-gu Oil Reserve Base>
The Dongdaemun Exportation Support Center and Seoul Dongdaemun Fashion Center at the Seoul Design Foundation are hosting the 2014 Dongdaemun Fashion Brand Fair and Dongdaemun Fashion Sourcing Fair the Dongdaemun Fashion Art Hall for two days from May 20, 2014.The Dongdaemun business district is the only fashion cluster in the world where everything from fashion design to production and distribution happens in one place. It is the largest single fashion retail industrial district in the world. As Hallyu cultural contents continue to spread throughout the world, buyers in the fashion industry in Europe and Asia are becoming more and more interested in the fashion businesses in Dongdaemun. Meanwhile, as a result of the increase in labor cost in countries such as China and Vietnam and the reduction of production costs, reshoring is gradually taking place all across the world.The 2014 Dongdaemun Fashion Brand Fair will be held on May 20 to provide an opportunity for fashion businesses in Dongdaemun to access and develop overseas markets by developing localized brands or connecting with overseas regions. A total of 40 selected brands will showcase their S/S womens and mens clothing products, as well as fashion accessories, including bags and shoes. Buyers from China, Japan, Hong Kong, and Taiwan have been invited to the fair to help those businesses looking to expand into overseas markets. There will be various events at the fair, including one-on-one matching business assistance for the showcased brands and foreign buyers, a fashion gala show by the participating brands, and consultation sessions for Korean brands seeking to obtain orders.The 2014 Dongdaemun Fashion Sourcing Fair will be held on May 21. A total of 40 clothing and accessory manufacturers will showcase their womens and mens clothing and fashion accessories. The focus of the fair will be on domestic and foreign manufacturing brands, as well as OEMs, ODMs, and other outsourcing based businesses. This years Sourcing Fair will be a global fair, as foreign buyers at the 2014 Dongdaemun Fashion Brand Fair will be invited along with Korean buyers.
The project to turn a congested section of the Seobu Expressway into an underground road is now underway. The 10.33-kilometer section of the Seobu Expresswaya major arterial road that connects the southern end of Seongsandaegyo (Bridge) to Geumcheon IC, where the road meets the Seohaean Expresswaywill be transformed into an underground tunnel road with four lanes. The construction has taken off this year and is expected to finish by 2019.The project had been delayed due to a stream of complaints from residents of the surrounding areas, but through a series of negotiations, the Seoul Metropolitan Government was able to draw out an agreement between the government and the residents, in January 2014.The Seoul Metropolitan Government said that the project will significantly reduce traffic congestion, as it plans to bring an estimated 50,000 vehicles into the underground road. The city plans to refurbish the current road above as a regular road, with eco-friendly parks and areas, which connects to Anyangcheon.Once the current road above is changed into a regular road, intersections with overpasses will be turned into regular crossroads with traffic lights, and crosswalks will be installed for more convenient resident access to Anyangcheon Park.Furthermore, hard shoulders on the Seobu Expressway would no longer be necessary and will be refurbished as eco-friendly areas with parks and recreational areas. With less traffic above the ground and the creation of eco-friendly areas, the life environment in the Geumcheon, Guro, and Yeongdeungpo areas around the Seobu Expressway is expected to improve significantly. Traffic noise pollution due to the close proximity of the entryway to the Seobu Underground Road and residential districts  Vertical soundproof walls, currently installed between the Seobu Expressway and Gyeongbu Railroad Line, will be replaced with twice the amount of folded soundproof walls to reduce noise levels. The proximity of the residential area to the waste transfer station, where food waste and recycled materials from Geumcheon-gu are treated, will result in residential odor pollution and environmental damages. Request to move the site of the stationUtilize a plot of land above ground. By making use of the excavation site, which will be filled with dirt after the tunnel is finished, efficient use of land is expected.Overview of the Seobu Underground Road ProjectProject Overview
In May 2014, the Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the Seoul Business Incubation Center Improvement Plan.Recently, interest in startups has risen as a countermeasure for jobless growth. However, only three out of ten companies (29.6%) survive beyond their initial five years, and even then, such startups tend to be in the already saturated fields of wholesale and retail, lodging, and the food industry, merely eking out a hand to mouth existence.Moving away from a quantitative selection of new startups, and in order to provide uniform assistance, the Seoul Business Incubation Center Improvement Plan focuses on selecting and offering support to startups with high potential for success. It also concentrates on developing an infrastructure to support startups, which encompasses the conceptualization and commercialization of a business: from forming ideas to operating and maintaining a business. This plan will be implemented for the 6th Youth Entrepreneur Project, the participants for which will be selected in July.First, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will offer different levels of assistance for different people, depending on the stages of the development of their startups. Previously, 1,300 groups of prospective entrepreneurs were selected to receive fixed amounts of financial assistance, which encompassed costs for spaces, consultations, and activities.
According to the improvement plan, 3,000 teams of prospective entrepreneurs will be given membership on a rolling basis. They will be provided with an Open, Communal Business Incubation Space, as well as Training Sessions and Seminars. Among those teams selected, the 500 with the highest potential will be given focused coaching, assistance in financing startups, and smart office spaces. Afterwards, the 200 teams with the best results will be provided with financial assistance in the form of investment, as well as an independent space for their startup and highly customized mentoring services. Finally, the 100 most successful startup teams will be selected. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will support these 100 teams from the stage of attracting investment to opening a market.In addition, the plan will lay more emphasis on startups in new and fertile fields instead of those already saturated sectors, such as wholesale, retail, and the service areas. The city government will provide assistance to the selected 500 teams planning on opportunity pursuing startups in the following categories: 1) TechnologyIT, BT, and NT, 2) Knowledge servicedesign and BS industry, 3) Urban manufacturingjewelry, handmade shoes, etc., and 4) Socio-Economysocial enterprises and cooperative associations.Secondly, the city government will select prospective entrepreneurs periodically, and on a rolling basis, instead of once a year. This will allow future entrepreneurs to receive assistance when they need it. Furthermore, the selection process will not be limited to applications and interviews but will be changed to include competitions and in-depth interviews to discover hidden talent.Third, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide open, public spaces for business incubation, as well as an assistance program to all citizens who interested in their own startup. The open spaces and tech shops, which formally were only accessible for some of the startups at the Business Incubation Center, will now be completely open to the public. The city government will also provide training and consultation sessions, and networking programs.In addition, the city government will provide support for foreign students studying in Korea as well as foreigners residing here to undertake their own startups by designating a base for startup activities, promoting the exchange of startup ideas, and networking with experts. By connecting private assistance institutions to the prospective entrepreneurs so as to provide mentoring and consultations, the city government will strengthen the effectiveness of its startup activities.Fourth, an infrastructure for providing assistance to startups will be put in place. The plan will focus on assisting startups throughout the whole process of starting a business, including attracting investment, distribution and marketing, and expanding into overseas markets.Fifth, the startup assistance period will be doubled from three years to six years, including a year at the Business Incubation Center. Afterwards, startups will continue to receive support contingent on their growth and development.Sixth, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide the Once Again Program that focuses on giving entrepreneurs with failed startups another chance of success. The program will offer opportunities to change perceptions and foster successful businesses to 200 teams, which is a significant increase over the 34 teams from the previous year.Seventh, the plan will include an investment system to promote the easier financing of startups by expanding beyond loans and having different investment companies and investors to move into the Business Incubation Center.Eighth, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will expand the existing offline market to include an online presence as well and will assist the expansion of distribution channels and marketing activities of startups by hiring a marketing manager. Currently, startups that have finished the program at the Youth Business Incubation Center can display and sell their products in the Youths Dreaming Shops in Shinchon and Myeong-dong. The city government will support the diversification of the distribution channels and marketing activities through major distribution companies, such as D-Cube City and Mirinae Store.Ninth, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will create a close network of private institutions that support business incubation and universities for the operation of the Business Incubation Center, which has been independently operated by the city government until now. This will create a synergy in supporting prospective startups. By cooperating with private institutions, the city government will offer mutual assistance in providing spaces, programs, and infrastructure, as well as in the selection and training processes. The city government will also pursue cooperation with universities to allow the startup teams to access academic business incubation and training centers and research centers.Lastly, the centers will be operated voluntarily by startup teams instead of by the government. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide guidance to startup teams in the creation of an independent community with official and unofficial groups so that the startups take charge of holding representative meetings and running training sessions, lectures, and investment programs.ASPIRIN Center Opens
The improvement plan will first be trialed on the ASPIRIN Center, which is a business incubation center that focuses on resolving future social issues.
ASPIRIN stands for Advanced Startup Program for Innovative Remedies to Illnesses of the Next Society, meaning that the center will provide advanced business incubation programs seeking to develop innovative measures to resolve the social issues that might arise in the future. It also signifies that the center will ease peoples sufferings from social problems and issues  a social aspirin as it were.In May 2014, the selected 15 prospective startup teams began to move into the center. These teams will work on startups that focus on resolving future problems, such as energy and environmental issues.
In light of the subway accident at Sangwangsimni Station on Seoul Metro Line 2, which occurred on May 2, 2014, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has announced a Ten Point Improvement Plan for the Seoul Metro Subway System.Special inspection of Seoul Metro Lines 1-4 before the first trains run
The Seoul Metropolitan Government immediately fixed errors in linked data of the operation of the subway lines in an effort to restore Seoul citizens faith and confidence in the subway system. Also, we are conducting a special inspection of the facilities on Seoul Metro Lines 1-4, including a general inspection of the signal system on Line 2, before the first trains of the day are due to run. Starting next week, the city will conduct a special joint inspection with outside specialists on the signal systems on Lines 1-9, which will continue until the end of July.Multi-layered safety management systemincreasing the number of cameras for subway system monitoring 
As humans and machines are both prone to err, the city is promoting the implementation of a multi-layered safety management system to serve as a check-and-balance preventive measure. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has introduced the Railway Safety Management System to improve trust in the safety system. The system is composed of more than 130 provisions and has been approved by a national institution. We will also install inspection cameras on the first subway trains to more effectively monitor the tunnels and operate an analysis team.Introduction of Golden Time Goal System to ensure initial response measures and dissemination of information are completed within five minutes of an accident
The city is also implementing and promoting the Golden Time Goal System to ensure that, in the event of an accident, initial response measures and the dissemination of information are completed within five minutes of the accident. When an accident occurs, the initial response measures implemented by the employees at the site are of utmost importance. As a result, the city is planning on expanding the emergency initial response training program by making railway safety training certification compulsory for all employees of subway operation agencies.Regular monitoring and joint inspections with specialists
To eliminate human errors, the city will reinforce instruction, supervision, and safety training at 243 outside joint corporations in 10 categories, including light repairs on trains. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has also decided to reexamine the operation of subsidiaries and directly-operated companies, in terms of permanent outsourced duties related to public safety, in order to fundamentally resolve any issues with the joint company system.Furthermore, a transparent joint inspection with civilian railway specialists will be conducted regularly. The city plans to introduce a collective labor pool system consisting of 200 outside specialists to conduct regular inspections of facilities in 11 categories, including the signal system, as well as to check the status of implementation of the joint inspection.Earlier replacement of old trains and establishment of a SMART Integrated Control Center
As mid to long-term measures, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is promoting the earlier replacement of old trains and the establishment of a SMART Integrated Control Center, which will combine separate control centers on metro lines. The city is planning to invest KRW 877.5 billion to replace 500 train cars on Line 2, which have been classified as old, with new ones by 2020, four years earlier than initially planned. Also, 150 train cars on Line 3 will be replaced by 2022, two years earlier than planned. Also, a total of 64 train cars on Line 1 will be repaired by next year, with old train cars on Line 2 being set as a priority. A feasibility study on the establishment of the SMART Integrated Control Center will be completed by February 2015, and the city is aiming to finish construction and begin operations of the center by2019.
Meanwhile, reinforcing the seismic resistance capacity of subway lines, replacing old facilities, and maintaining free transportation for specific groups require financial support from the central government. An official with the Seoul Metropolitan Government commented that the city needs financial support from the central government, equivalent to that of the financial support provided to Korail, if the city wishes to preserve the free transportation program.
At around 3:30pm on May 2, 2014, two Seoul Metro Line 2 trains, numbers 2258 and 2260, collided. The accident left 243 people injured, who were taken to nearby hospitals by a rescue team sent by the 119 Rescue Center. A repair team was immediately dispatched to the site of the accident to repair the damage. The subway trains resumed their course at precisely 12:17am, May 3, 2014.An eastbound train departed from Sindang Station, heading to Sangwangsimni Station (500-600R curve section) at 68 kilometers per hour. The conductor was slowing down to enter the station when he noticed that a train had stopped 120 meters ahead. Immediately, the conductor applied the emergency brake and the safety brake. However, due to the short braking distance, the train rear-ended the stationary train at 15 kilometers per hour, moving eight meters after both trains collided. After the conductor applied the emergency brake, the train continued to move 128 meters forward. A total of 249 people were taken to hospital. Among them, seven require surgery, but most will likely be released from hospital as their injuries are classified as minor. Medical assistance for foreigners in Korea and in their home countries
 Provide Bahraini patients with medical assistance, surgery, and treatment in Korean hospitalsThe Seoul Metropolitan Government will conduct a special 90-day inspection of all subway lines, from May to July 2014, through a joint inspection team consisting of experts and representatives from corporations responsible for Seoul subway lines, including Seoul Metro (Lines 1-4), Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corporation (Lines 5-8), and Metro 9 (Line 9).All Seoul Metro Lines, 1 through 9, will be inspected, and major areas of focus will include the electricity supply at substations, the degree of abrasion and height of the tracks, braking and safety equipment, train radio system and radio base stations at subway stations, and signal and train control systems.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government set up a group memorial altar, in Seoul Plaza, for the victims of the sunkenSewol ferry. The altar is open to the public from April 27 to May 25, and numerous Seoul citizens have been visiting the altar to pay their respects to the victims.The group memorial alter has been jointly set up by the Seoul branch of the Korean Red Cross and the Seoul Volunteer Center and is open from 7am to 11pm every day. People are also free to pay their respects after these operational hours.In addition, a Wall of Hope and Remembrance has also been installed by the Korean Red Cross, near the altar, so as to allow people to pray for the return of the missing and pay their respects to the victims. People who came to mourn the loss of the victims have offered flowers at the altar and left messages in the form of memories about the victims at the Wall of Hope and Remembrance.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will do its utmost to take reactive measures regarding the accident on Seoul Metro Line 2 to ensure another accident does not occur.Casualty Assistance Regarding the Accident on Seoul Metro Line 2 1. Provision of Medical Expenses All medical expenses will be provided for patients to be treated at the hospitals of their choice, and expenses will be provided for those patients having to return to hospital due to the delayed effects of injury.2.Provision of Caregivers Expenses for caregivers will be provided where caregiver assistance has been deemed necessary by a medical institution for an injured party.3. Compensation for any losses incurred by a business if any hospitalized individual is self-employed.4.Contact Seoul Metro if you have any pain or discomfort and need to be treated for delayed symptoms, even though you might not have felt anything at the time of the accident. Contact: 02-6110-5390Safe Operational Measures Regarding the Accident on Seoul Metro Line 21. Special Inspection of Facilities Before the Operation of the First Train (04:30-05:30 am)Check rail switches, traffic signals, electrical equipment, and other facilities for the operation of subway trains. 17 Sites on Line 2.2.Reorganize the Control System and Manual Improve the supervision and control of trains: at the time of departure, notify and caution the following train.Encourage conductors to obey the speed limit on curves and to observe safe driving.Reorganize the manual: review and set safe speeds for curves, slopes, and station entryways.3.Items for Improvement and Revision Improve the control monitoring system: emergency alarm.Install monitors to allow conductors to ascertain the location of subway trains.4.Strengthen Supervision and Management and Reinforce Participation of Citizens and Experts in Safety Activities Actively consult experts and Ombudsman schemes to revise the Safety Manual and improve the system.Post safety measures for citizens and strengthen joint training for related organizations.
Although people know that selling alcohol to minors is illegal, not many people know the exact minimum legal age. According to a survey of 2,383 Seoul citizens conducted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, only 20.9% of respondents could correctly identify the minimum legal age to buy alcohol and cigarettes in Korea.This confusion stems from the fact that the age at which someone is considered a minor varies from law to law, with different ages specified under civil law, the Public Performance Act, the Promotion of the Motion Pictures and Video Products Act, the Game Industry Promotion Act, and the Juvenile Protection Act. It is even more confusing because Korean age differs from the age system used in most other countries.For instance, under the Promotion of the Motion Pictures and Video Products Act, a minor is defined as someone who is under the age of 18, meaning that the minimum legal age to view restricted films is 19. However, according to the Juvenile Protection Act, 19-year-olds are considered minors and cannot purchase alcohol and cigarettes you must be 20 or older to legally buy these items.In light of this confusion, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has recognized the need to create and place uniform signs to ensure the protection of minors. The newly designed signs, prohibiting the purchase of alcohol and cigarettes by minors, come at the request of many businesses.The design for the new signs is based on the symbol, which is  already widely seen on products and services prohibited for use by minors. The signs were designed using this symbol to clearly and easily display the minimum legal age required for purchase of alcohol and cigarettes, as stipulated by the Juvenile Protection Act.Before the final designs were adopted, the Seoul Metropolitan Government conducted a survey to determine the preferences of Seoul citizens. Two different designs have been developed, both of which clearly state the legal minimum age. Image files of the signs and a manual were provided to 5,827 stores and SSMs to be used in various forms. A total of 8 different types of advertisements promoting the signs will be issued in Seoul starting from May.Examples of Signs in Use
The Seoul Metropolitan Government recently announced the grand opening of a Business Lounge in the Seoul Global Center. The SGC Business Lounge will act as a flexible and collaborative workspace that Korean and foreign entrepreneurs can use free of charge to connect with each other and share information. The center began accepting applications for Business Lounge membership on April 21.Measuring a total area of about 105, the lounge is equipped with tables, chairs, and a projector, for a wide range of get-togethers from small meetings to corporate presentations. Basic amenities including wireless internet, a copier, and a fax machine are also available for the convenience of lounge users.Business Lounge membership is open to any Korean or international entrepreneur. Interested parties may sign up on the Seoul Global Center homepage http://global.seoul.go.kr
There are 100 membership slots available.The lounge is open to members between 9am and 8pm, Monday through Friday for business meetings, corporate presentations, and product demonstrations (etc.). The center will also offer free business consultations on taxes, patents, legal affairs, and labor services to assist startups and those planning on doing business in Korea in the near future.Members whose businesses are deemed to have a high growth potential will be selected as Special Members through a separate evaluation. Special Members will be able to receive additional support from the city administration such as regular business coaching, expert consultations by industry and sector, and diagnosis of weak areas specific to their field. In addition, Special Members will have priority when registering for classes and seminars offered by the center and can also receive additional points when applying for Incubation Offices.The Seoul Global Center is in the process of developing diverse business programs for its new Business Lounge, such as business fairs for domestic and international companies and lectures by successful foreign business people in Seoul. Through such programs, the city administration hopes to connect international companies with domestic companies interested in expanding overseas.Ever since it was first opened in 2008, the Seoul Global Center has offered a variety of services and information for foreigners living in Korea in 10 different languages, including English, Chinese, Japanese, and Vietnamese. The center also offers Korean classes and promotes cultural exchange and provides a number of business-related programs, such as consultations and assistance for start-up ventures.
The Buk Seoul Museum of Art will present Good Morning, Mr. Robot at the Childrens Gallery from March 25 (Tues) to August 24 (Sun), 2014. This exhibition will provide a chance for children to participate and enjoy various pieces of modern robot art that are familiar to them.Along with a robot sculpture by Nam June Paik, the father of video art, artworks by young Korean artists such as Goh Geun-ho, Kim Gae-Hyun, Kim Donghyun, Kim Dong-ho, Seong Tae-Jin, Baeg Jong-Ki, Lee Kiil, and Lee Dongi, will be showcased at the exhibition. These works present robots reinterpreted through the artists imaginations and encompass various areas of modern art, such as engravings, sculptures, installations, and visual art. In particular, interactive artworks will also be on display for children to enjoy their experience through participation.The exhibition space is divided into four different sections under the theme, Playing with Mr. Robot. The four sections are Exploration, Imagination, Adventure, and Creation. Children can examine different robots with all their senses, imagine a world of robots through dreams and reality, and meet their robot heroes. Furthermore, a section will be dedicated for children to draw or build robots with toy blocks, allowing them to actively participate and enjoy the exhibition.Various programs related to the exhibition will also be available during this time. Dreaming Museum, a participatory art program for children between the ages of four and six, will be held in the Childrens Gallery and other studios at the Buk Seoul Museum of Art from April to June. In addition, Q&A with the Artist, Understanding the Artistic World of Nam Jun Paik, and other events will be held for youth and adults.Through such diverse integration of robots and modern art, the Buk Seoul Museum of Art will encourage people of all ages to gain a broader understanding of modern art and provide opportunities to develop new perspectives of robots and share their imagination and nostalgia. Information on Block and Brick Building Sessions<Good Morning, Mr. Robot> Attendance of all block and brick building sessions requires reservation in advance. Information: Refer to Announcements http://sema.seoul.go.kr Reservation: Seoul Metropolitan Government Reservation for Public Service http://yeyak.seoul.go.kr Time and participants: Tuesday-Friday 1pm-8pm (1 hour per session/ total of 7 sessions / 5 participants per session) Contact: The Buk Seoul Museum of Art, Curatorial Division: 02-2124-5274
 A Cinema Paradise at the Seoul Baekje MuseumThe Seoul Baekje Museum will screen films of different themes every month on Fridays at 6:30pm in the auditorium (300 seats). Films that the Whole Family Can EnjoyPeople of all ages are welcome to attend as we will screen Korean and foreign films that appeal to all age groups and have been critically acclaimed as well as commercially successful. A Different Theme Every Month, Choose from among Four or Five Different Films!The museum will screen films of various genres, including drama, animation, and romance, under a different theme every month, such as Fantasy World, Limits and Challenges, Feast of Spring, One with Music, With Family, and For Peace.Those who wish to watch the films may come to the Seoul Baekje Museum by 6:30pm every Friday. (First come, first serve)Event Duration: January 3, 2014 to December 26, 2014Day: Every FridayTime: 6:30pmLocation: Auditorium, Seoul Baekje MuseumDepartment: Education and Public Relations DivisionContact: 02-2152-5837
 Content: This exhibition will unravel the story of the Cheonggyecheon through 34 maps from the Joseon Dynasty until today. The history of the Cheonggyecheon is entwined with the 600-year history of Seoul. Located in the middle of Seoul, the Cheonggyecheon has been dramatically transformed over the years. This exhibition provides an opportunity for us to reexamine what the Cheonggyecheon meant to us through those years of transformation, and what it will mean to us in the future.
The Owl Bus, which was launched with two routes in April 2013, has now, with the support of Seoul citizens, expanded to nine routes and is currently roaming the streets of Seoul. Topping the list of ten of the most popular news stories selected by Seoul citizens, the Owl Bus is considered the most successful policy that the city has customized for the people.Read an article about the Owl BusThe city was able to map out bus routes that would be the most efficient and most frequently used by analyzing the content of about three billion calls through Big Data.Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to make vigorous use of Big Data in policy development, and through scientific analytics, it will provide customized administrative services and reduce wasteful spending.Seoul Metropolitan Government is also utilizing Big Data to  analyze the use of leisure and welfare facilities for the elderly and  find appropriate locations to deliver information about the city administration. For the analysis, the following data were used: 1) commuting population by hour and day analyzed through over ten billion communications statistics, 2) resident population, 3) estimated income, 4) facilities for the elderly, 5) sidewalk and street networks, and 6) working population.The metropolitan government will analyze the characteristics of the use of facilities for the elderly over 60 years of age by district, distribution status, demand and supply, and usage pattern, and make use of the data in the expansion of leisure and welfare facilities for the elderly. For instance, nine out of ten elderly people (89%) are using facilities within the districts they reside, and only 4.5% of the elderly make use of more than two facilities. Furthermore, 63.6% of all users frequent facilities within 16 to 17 minutes walking distance from their homes, and about 20% of all users preferred to use better facilities farther away.In addition, to search for appropriate locations to deliver information about the city administration, the metropolitan government switched to an administrative information system, which used to be maintained as a Microsoft Excel worksheet. The whole city has been divided into grids that contain information about commuters, such as sex, time, and age, as well as information about the resident population and the facilities.Through this, the city plans to analyze the areas where population is most concentrated and place informational materials about the city administration that is tailored to each area.The Seoul Metropolitan Government is also undertaking a Taxi Matchmaking Project by analyzing the data related to taxi stands and passengers. The project aims to make it easier for passengers to find empty taxis and taxis to find business. Also, the city plans to implement policies that will provide tangible benefits to the people by using Big Data as a tool for administrative decision-making and ensuring the safety of citizens, such as creating policies to reduce and prevent accidents through the analysis of accident black spots.
The 2014 Healthy Weight 3.3.3. Project is taking off in Seoul. The project is a weight-loss program designed to help participants lose 3kg every month for 3 months and maintain that weight for the following 3 months. In response to the nearly ten-percent increase in Seouls obesity rate over the past ten years, the metropolitan government launched the project in 2013 to help citizens to maintain a healthy weight and lower the obesity rate.Last year, the Healthy Weight 3.3.3. Project became a popular topic after 5,812 participants lost a combined total of 9,580kg through the program. This year, the program will include 10,000 participants, and the new 6.6.6. Program will also be available for participants who would like to challenge themselves to lose 6kg over 6 months and maintain their weight for the following 6 months.Seoul citizens who wish to participate in the project may apply by June 30 through the project website (www.health100.or.kr) or at the community health centers in 25 districts. The timeline of the project will be as follows: application (April-June) weight management, physical activities, and nutrition counseling (April-September) interim check (July) final evaluation (October).Throughout the duration of the project, the participants will have the opportunity to join various programs, such as the Walk Club, health care for the elderly, weight management for office workers, and health classes for teens. In addition, tests for insulin resistance syndrome, exercise prescriptions, and nutrition counseling will also be provided. At the end of the program, the Korea Yakult Corporation, the Seoul Council on Social Welfare, and the Seoul Metropolitan Government will deliver about nine tons (expected) of rice, an amount equivalent to the weight that the participants will have lost, to low income families.The World Health Organization (WHO) announced that obesity is the new epidemic of the 21st century. One out of four Seoul citizens believe they are obese (20.7% in 2008  23.7% in 2012), and the rate of obesity is increasing still.A study done by the National Health Insurance Corporation in 2003 concluded that Seoul could reduce its medical costs by KRW 2.619 trillion annually. The metropolitan government expects that the success of this project will lead to a reduction in the medical costs paid by Seoul citizens.
With the rising awareness of environmental issues and economic efficiency, the number of eco-friendly, low-emission vehicles, such as hybrid cars, registered with the Seoul Metropolitan City Government increased 20 percent in 2013 from the previous year.<Hybrid vehicles save KRW 1.2 million in fuel cost every 20,000 kilometers>On average, hybrid vehicles have 55 percent higher fuel efficiency than conventional gasoline vehicles of the same class. This allows drivers of hybrid cars to save KRW 1.2 million in fuel cost (assuming a gasoline price of KRW 1,800 per liter) every 20,000 kilometers.<The purchase of a hybrid car can bring savings of up to KRW 4.7 million on taxes, including special excise tax and acquisition tax>Drivers can save up to KRW 4.7 million on taxes, including individual consumption tax and acquisition tax, with the purchase of a hybrid car.<Exemption from paying tolls at Namsan Tunnels 1 and 3, and 50% discount on parking fees at city-operated public parking lots >Classes 1 and 2 low-emission vehicles that are registered with the Seoul Metropolitan Government and display the electronic sticker below are exempt from paying congestion tolls (KRW 2,000) at Namsan Tunnels 1 and 3.Electronic Sticker
In addition, vehicles displaying low-emission vehicle stickers will get a 50 percent discount on parking fees at city-operated public parking lots, and up to an 80 percent discount on subway station parking spaces. Vehicle Registration
By Vehicle Type (As of the end of 2012)2,969,1842,977,5992,981,4002,954,7042,949,2112,447,8762,443,2612,434,2302,394,9012,375,173162,723169,922176,999185,343191,335353,905360,103366,306370,894379,2474,6804,3133,8653,5663,456Two-wheeled motor vehicles444,693410,090410,615410,209408,082 15.7% of all registered vehicles (18.871 million) in KoreaBy Fuel Type (As of the end of 2012) Statistics on major traffic
Magok District, Gangseo-gu, is about 16 times the size of Yeouido Park with the total surface area of 3,665,000. This last remaining piece of large-scale undeveloped land in Seoul is being developed as a leading water circulation city.Previously, simple improvements were made in the district such as replacing worn-out pavement and parking lots with permeable blocks. However, since the need for rainwater circulation and reuse has become an even more pressing issue, development of Magok District is now focusing more heavily on incorporating facilities that allow for the full circulation of rainwater.This is the first time infrastructure, such as sidewalks and roads, as well as all facilities including apartment buildings and parks will have been built with rainwater management facilities. Seoul officials hope that Magok District will become a representative model of a water circulation eco-city in Seoul.According to an analysis conducted by the city, by implementing these changes, frequency flood discharge will be reduced by approximately 2% over a 30-year period. Furthermore, water quality will be improved as a result of an increase in groundwater, and a reduction of nonpoint source pollution. The infrastructures are also expected to reduce urban heat islands by delaying runoff and reduce the amount of waste water by recycling water resources.District-wide developments, already underway, will focus on two aspects: 1) the expansion of rainwater management facilities that improve rainwater permeability, and 2) the reuse of waste water.<Installation of Permeable Pavement and Roadside Infiltration Inlets , and Elimination of Roadside Boundary Stones>To reduce runoff and allow rainwater to be naturally absorbed into the subsoil, a total of 650,569 of sidewalk will be paved with permeable blocks. Infiltration inlets will also be installed on the side of roads= and paved with asphalt to withstand the weight of passing automobiles.Boundary stones along planting strips will be removed for better inflow of rainwater, and the planting strips themselves will be constructed with a concave slope to improve their rainwater infiltration capabilities. In addition, rainwater retention and infiltration facilities will be expanded to collect as much rainwater as possible before the water flows into the sewage system.<Construction of Rain Gardens in Parks and Green Areas to Install Retention Facilities and Water Purifying Plants>In parks and green areas, artificial installations will be minimized, and rainwater management facilities that utilize the maximum amount of natural greens will be installed.To induce natural infiltration of rainwater through geographic features, concave and tiered landscape features will be utilized, and water purifying plants such as reeds and cattails will be planted in rain gardens in parks and green areas to collect and purify rainwater.Natural infiltration waterways, using grass and gravel, will be installed in parks to channel the flow of rainwater. Infiltration tanks will be placed at regular intervals to increase infiltration in soil.<Reduction of Urban Heat Islands through Greening of Buildings, such as Apartments, Houses, and Other Buildings, and Installation of Water Tanks to Reuse Rainwater>The rainwater retention capacity of apartments, houses, and other building will be expanded through the greening of rooftops and the installation of rainwater tanks. In particular, over 60% of rooftop surfaces on private buildings will be strongly encouraged to use greening techniques, which will delay rainwater runoff and reduce the urban heat island effect.Towards this same end, rainwater from rooftop catchments, excluding green spaces, will be collected in rainwater tanks for use in landscape irrigation excess rainwater will be allowed to filter back into the soil<Reuse Reclaimed Water for Landscape Irrigation and other Purposes through Advanced Treatment of Sewage and Groundwater Discharged from Subway Lines>Seoul will also promote ways to reuse treated waste water discharged from the Seonam Sewage Treatment Center and groundwater discharged from Seoul Subway Line 5 and the Airport Railroad.First, the city plans to reuse waste water treated at the Seonam Sewage Treatment Center that had previously been disposed. After undergoing advanced treatment, the wastewater will be used for landscape irrigation in Magok District and cleaning restrooms and roads.Recycled water will be supplied in Magok District in stages starting from June 2016.s. Using recycled water in the private sector for cleaning restrooms (etc.) costs approximately KRW 450 per ton, allowing for a savings of KRW 400 (per ton). Citing these savings, the city will actively encourage the use of recycled water.Moreover, groundwater discharged from nearby Subway Line 5 and the Airport Railroad (689/day) will be reused to maintain ponds in parks within the district.Current Status of the Magok Urban Development Project Project Overview
The participatory budgeting system in Seoul is making significant progress. First implemented in Seoul in 2012, participatory budgeting is a system that allows the Participatory Budget Council of selected citizens to prioritize and decide on public spending projects that have been freely proposed by the citizens.The 2013 Participatory Budget Council comprises a total of 250 members. The council reviewed and selected 125 projects, worth a total of KRW 50 billion, and 122 of them have already been completed or will be completed in the first half of 2014.The project to Improve the facilities for people with disabilities at Changdong Culture and Sports Center was voted as the first among the 2013 Participatory Budget projects, receiving 108 of the 190 votes from the Participatory Budget Council. A total of KRW 9.5 million was spent to install an accessible restroom, handrails in the hallway, elevators, and a separate counter at the information desk for people with disabilities. The project was completed in November 2013.2013 Ranking of Participatory Budget Projects (1-3)RankingDepartmentProjectLocationExpenses(millions of KRW)Votes1Dobong-gu9.51082Geumcheon-gu18.51063Dongdaemun-gu111013Eunpyeong-gu231013Seodaemun-gu30101 Examples of 2013 Participatory Budget Projects
Exercise equipment installed and mural painted in Seongsu-dong Saemteo Village (Before and after) The 2014 Participatory Budgeting Council consists of 57 second-term members and 143 new members selected through a drawing of lots. For this years council, 1,138 applications were received for 143 positions, a competition ratio of 8 to 1. The oldest member of the council is a 71-year-old man, and the youngest is a 9-year-old girl (in third grade).In addition, the Citizens Participation Committee, comprised of 2,500 appointed citizens, will be established in 2014. Along with the members of the council, the members of the committee will participate and vote in the general meeting to decide on public spending projects on July 25 and 26.The City of Seoul is accepting applications for 2015 Participatory Budget projects until May 9. There are no restrictions on the project proposals, but the total expenses for a project must be under KRW 1 billion. For more information, visit yesan.seoul.go.kr.
Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to increase the number of overseas reporters to 300. These reporters are supposed to collect information on noteworthy policies adopted by major cities all over the world and publicize Seoul Metropolitan Governments good policies to the countries they are in. At present, a total of 174 reporters (about half of them being Koreans in foreign countries, and the other half non-Koreans) are serving in 94 cities in 36 countries. They are mostly concentrated on Asia, North America, and Europe. The lions share is in the United States. By profession, students and business employees make up the majority. 71 offices of Seoul Metropolitan Government use 216 cases of administrative policies adopted in foreign countries during the period 2008 ~ 2013During the period 2008 ~ 2013, 71 offices of Seoul Metropolitan Government say that, in the formulation of their policies such as Seoul Innovation Park, urban farming, and minor-related liquor policy, they referred to a total of 216 good administrative policies adopted in foreign countries as delivered by the reporters. In designing Seoul Innovation Park in Nokbeon-dong, Seoul Metropolitan Government benchmarked what major foreign cities (e.g., Bilbao, Spain Sci-Tech Daresbury, United Kingdom, and social innovation centers in Toronto and New York) did in similar cases. The reporters provided Seoul Metropolitan Government with information on how such centers are operated as well as the central and local governments support for them, along with the relevant photos. The reporters also helped Seoul Metropolitan Government with the citys new policies on the pay-per-bag trash system and urban farming. In connection with Seoul Metropolitan Governments commencement of a new trash handling system in 2013, reporters in Taipei, New York, and London provided Seoul Metropolitan Government with information as to what such cities were doing. As for a new policy concerning urban farming and rooftop beekeeping, the relevant information provided by the reporters was very useful for Seoul Metropolitan Government policy formulators. The reporters did the same when Seoul City set up a minor-related liquor policy.  Seoul Metropolitan Government to increase the number of overseas reporters to 300 in 2014Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to recruit up to 300 overseas reporters with the assistance of graduate schools engaging in international studies, Overseas Korean Foundation, and Korean embassies in foreign countries to collect information on good policy examples adopted by cities in North America, Europe, and Asia. Those interested may apply through e-mail (youngparksmg@gmail.com) or telephonically (+82-2- 2133-5278). Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to improve the way the relevant system is operated through the periodic dispatch of Seoul City News Update to the reporters, diversification of research subjects, and substantial compensation for efforts made by the reporters, in addition to increasing the number of overseas reporters and having them submit reports periodically. First of all, Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to manage the reporters systematically through the international information management system while providing updated information on Seoul Metropolitan Government -run administrative matters to them on a monthly basis, along with positive support for their activities as PR ambassadors for the city. Seoul City will also encourage them to carry out activities more proactively through the opening of an online community with Seoul Metropolitan Governments English homepage (http://english.seoul.go.kr/), exchange of friendship call, and presentation of letters of commendation to exemplary ones at yearend so that they may be used by the citys global human network. To enhance the quality of the reports submitted by the reporters, they will be asked to upload their proposal for commencement of an assignment on Seoul Metropolitan Governments homepage and subsequently carry out activities based on feedback from an officer in charge of international exchanges and the relevant office with focus on the desired research direction.Efforts will be made to enhance the reporters sense of achievement and responsibility by raising the payment for reports submitted and providing bonus points for good research subjects. The working-level offices of Seoul Metropolitan Government will also inform the relevant reporters as to how they have used their reports. Read the notice for the recruitment of overseas reporters
Yeouido Spring Flower Festival, which has become one of the most popular festivals in Seoul, will be held between April 3 ~ 12 this year.<Extension of Bus Operating Hours during the Festival>On April 12 and 13, operating hours for the last buses that go through Yeouido heading in the direction of the end line will be extended to 1:20 am at the Yeouido bus stop. Between 1:00 ~ 9:00 pm on April 13 and 14, express subway trains will be operated on Line 9 and the trains will stop at the National Assembly Station. This is in consideration of the positive response from people last year.According to Seoul Metropolitan Government, the number of passengers at the National Assembly Station, which is the closest subway station to the flower festival site, increased more than five-fold during the event period last year. The said station will present flower pots to passengers twice a day on April 13 and 14.During the flower festival last year, the peak time for visitors at the festival site was between 2:00 pm and 3:00 pm on weekends. The busiest hours at the subway station for people returning home after visiting the site was between 6:00 ~ 7:00 pm. The 9th Hangang Yeouido Cherry Blossom Festival (tour.ydp.go.kr)<Landscape lighting on Saetgangdari (Bridge) during the festival period>The landscape lighting on Yeouido Saetgangdari (Bridge) (a 324 m-long pedestrian bridge linking Singil Station to Yunjung-ro, Yeouido) remain turned off as part of an energy-saving effort. During the festival period (April 3 ~ 13), the lights will be turned on to help people enjoy the sights better.The said bridge was designed in the shape of the waters of the Hangang (River), Namsan (Mountain), and hanok rooflines (traditional Korean house). The landscape lighting was patterned shaped birds on the flying.<Top 140 streets adorned with spring flowers in Seoul>Seoul Metropolitan Government has selected its top 140 streets adorned with spring flowers, which included all parks in the city, riverside paths, and back alleys, and the total length of all the streets is 205 km.The streets are divided into:  those good for walking with family members  those that provide fantastic scenery for car drivers  those good for jogging  those displaying many different types of flowers  those where a spring festival is held. Top 140 streets adorned with spring flowers in Seoul:English French: SpanishJapaneseChinese (Simplified)Chinese (Traditional)
Application deadline: 30 March 2014ICLEI  Local Governments for Sustainability is the worlds leading association of cities and local governments dedicated to sustainable development. ICLEI is a powerful movement of 12 mega-cities, 100 super-cities and urban regions, 450 large cities as well as 450 small and medium-sized cities and towns in 86 countries.ICLEI promotes local action for global sustainability and supports cities to become sustainable, resilient, resource-efficient, biodiverse, low-carbon to build a smart infrastructure and to develop an inclusive, green urban economy. The ultimate aim is to achieve healthy and happy communities.The organization is currently building a team to support its work in the East Asia region. The Founding Director seeks a visionary leader, knowledgeable expert and capable manager with strong communication skills, well connected, and an experienced fundraiser asICLEI East Asia Regional Directorbased at the ICLEI East Asia Secretariat (EAS) in Seoul, South Korea.ResponsibilitiesRequirements The Regional Director shall:Terms and conditions Application Please email job application (reference in subject line: Regional Director) including:to <jobs.seoul@iclei.org>. Application deadline: 30 March 2014
Application deadline: 30 March 2014 ICLEI  Local Governments for Sustainability is the worlds leading association of cities and local governments dedicated to sustainable development. ICLEI is a powerful movement of 12 mega-cities, 100 super-cities and urban regions, 450 large cities as well as 450 small and medium-sized cities and towns in 86 countries.ICLEI promotes local action for global sustainability and supports cities to become sustainable, resilient, resource-efficient, biodiverse, low-carbon to build a smart infrastructure and to develop an inclusive, green urban economy. The ultimate aim is to achieve healthy and happy communities.The organization is currently building a team to support its work in the East Asia region. The Founding Director seeks an experienced expert in urban development / urban infrastructure and program developer/manager for the position of:Manager Urban Programs East Asia based at the ICLEI East Asia Secretariat (EAS) in Seoul, South Korea.ResponsibilitiesRequirements The Manager Urban Programs shall:*) Urban programs include, in particular: Low-carbon City (including energy transformation) Resilient City Resource-efficient City Biodiverse City Smart Urban Infrastructure Green Urban Economy (including green purchasing) Healthy & Happy Community.Terms and conditions Application Please email job application (reference in subject line: Manager Urban Programs) including:to <jobs.seoul@iclei.org>. Application deadline: 30 March 2014
Seoul International Music Competition was established by the Donga Ilbo, the most prestigious daily newspaper in Korea, for the sake of promoting cultural exchanges among nations through music, and supporting talented young musicians from all over the world. The Competition is held annually for one category out of piano, violin, and voice each year. As the first prestigious international competition ever taken place in Korea, the Seoul International Competition has produced and promoted world-renowned artists such as Aviram Reichert(Israel, Piano Professor at Seoul National University), Ju-Young Baek (Korea, Violin Professor at Seoul National University), Liviu Prunaru(Romania, Concertmaster of Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra), Byung Woo Kong(Korea, Baritone), Mariya Kim(Ukraine, Pianist), Clara-Jumi Kang(Germany/Korea, Violinist), Stefan Marian Pop(Romania, Tenor) ,Georgy Gromov(Russia, Pianist), Fumika Mouri(Japan, Violinist) and Beomjin Kim(Korea, Tenor) who all play critical roles in international music field.To the prize winners, the competition offers the world-class awards such as prize money of US $50,000 for the 1st prize winner, performance engagements with major orchestras throughout the world, recital engagements, etc. For this competition, world famous pianists, Yong Hi Moon(Korea, Chairperson), Natalya Antonova(Russia/USA), Michel Broff(France), Fabio Bidini(Italy), Fumiko Eguchi(Japan), Jan Jiracek(Austria), Yoheved Kaplinsky(USA), Chong-Pil Lim(Korea), Hamish Milne(UK), Haesun Paik(Korea) and Ying Wu(China) are invited to the competition as Jury Members.FINAL ROUND WITH
Seoul Metropolitan Government has opened its renewed official foreign-language homepage on Feb. 27, 2014 to provide more information on policies and living for the increasing number of foreign residents in Seoul and visiting foreigners.The revised foreign-language homepage of Seoul Metropolitan Government is divided into 4 major parts: Get to Know US, Information on Policies, Information on Living, and Community. Get to Know US contains information that can advertise Seoul to foreigners such as meaning of Seoul, online mayors office, Seoul City Hall, and statistics related to Seoul. Information on policies conveys core policies, international exchange, urban architecture, economy, traffic, environment & energy, and culture & tourism in the aspect of business. Information on Living has information useful to foreigners living in Korea including residential environment, jobs, transportation, culture, and health & welfare. Community consists of the information necessary for more familiar communication such as simple Speaking Korean, Honorary Citizens, overseas Reporters, and Promotion.In particular, the information added to the renewed foreign language homepage is expected to resolve the difference in acquisition of the necessary information on living for the increasing number of foreigners living in Korea for multicultural marriage, employment, etc.In addition to the aspect of the provided information, the platform of the system has been improved for easy acquisition of information. The renewed homepage was produced using WordPress tool, which is recognized worldwide for its effective management of information update. Likewise, considering the users environment of site usage, compliance with Web standard and accessibility were ensured by improving many things compared to the previous homepage.Furthermore, considering the recently popular mobile Internet environment, the system was constructed in Responsive Web for users easy access to the site in any device. Thus, the new homepage can be used easily and conveniently anytime, anywhere. Moreover, social login and commenting functions were added for smooth communication with users.To publicize the renewal of the site, Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold an event for foreigners on the date of opening of the site so that more foreigners can visit the site of Seoul Metropolitan Government through the event. Established in Responsive Web to respond to various devices including mobile
Mayor Park Won Soon met with Kikuma Jungo, chairman of the Japan Association of Travel Agents (JATA), and his entourage at the mayors office on February 5 (Wed.) to discuss ways to attract more Japanese tourists to Korea, expand tourism in both Seoul and Japan, and initiate exchanges between the two countries.The meeting was held at the suggestion of JATA executives who wanted to discuss ways to promote tourism between the two countries during their visit to Korea from February 4 to 7.
Established in 1959, JATA now has 2,314 travel agents. As the largest travel association in Japan, JATA works to train capable workers in the travel industry, conduct research, and promote international exchanges.The Seoul Metropolitan Government held a travel industry policy workshop on December 10, 2013, to find solutions for the rapid decrease in the number of Japanese tourists, which is a result of the strained relations between Korea and Japan since September 2012, as well as a weak yen. As a follow-up to the workshop, the Seoul Metropolitan Government and JATA will cooperate on the planning of special tourism products for Japanese tourists.
We will hold a press conference and a dialogue session with local residents (12:10:00 PM  5:00 PM), along with the preview session ( 3:00 PM  4:10 PM) on February 11 at Seoul Cinema in Gwansu-dong.Said session will be attended by Mayor of Seoul Park Won Soon, Film Directors Park Chan Wook and Park Chan Kyong, honorary vice mayors of Seoul, heads of foreign culture centers in Seoul.The film was jointly compiled by Seoul Metropolitan Government and PARKing CHANce (referring to Park Chan Wook and Park Chan Kyong) based on a total of 11,852 short films made by global lovers of Seoul and submitted between August and November 2013.You can watch the film live on www.youtube.com/seoulourmovie on February 11.
There will be a celebratory event wherein you can play Korean folk games such as yut nori (yut game), tuho (arrow throwing), sabangchiki (hopscotch), ojingeo nori (squid game), etc., from Thursday, January 30 to Sunday, February 2 at Citizen Plaza on the first floor of Seoul Citizens Hall. In addition, there will be entertainment services, including balloon mime performance by Citizen Hall Artist Clown Jin, electric violin performance by Violin Player 440, drawing of caricature, etc.From Thursday, January 30 to Sunday, February 2, Sejong Center for the Performing Arts will be holding an experience event in its permanent exhibition, The Story of Admiral Yi sunshin, where you can make a bokjori (fortune strainer) containing words of blessing for the New Year, which Koreans traditionally used to hang on a wall at the dawn of every Korean New Years Day for luck throughout the year.From Thursday, January 30 to Saturday, February 1 , until 4PM, various lunar New Years Day cultural events will be held at Unhyeongung Palace. The events include Yutnori, jegi chagi, tuho, and other traditional Korean folk games along with a bokjumeoni (fortune pouch)-making experience event and a showcase of setting a memorial service table. Admission is free on Korean New Years Day.From Thursday, January 30 to Sunday, February 2 at 11AM-5PM, Namsangol Hanoak Village will have various events such as sharing tteokguk (sliced rice cake soup), writing New Years wishes, etc., to welcome the new year. General admission is free but special fees are required for certain activities. It will be a great experience to make precious memories with family members and relatives, surrounded by artistic traditional Korean houses in Namsangol Hanoak Village.From Thursday, January 30 to Sunday, February 2, Seoul Childrens Grand Park will be holding a traditional ice rink (free admission and equipment) and an event wherein you can write about your hopes for the new year on a postcard. This year in particular, there will be events consisting of Tteokmaechigi (dough pounding) and making of traditional Korean masks that will catch childrens and foreigners eyes.There
During the season of Korean New Years Day, resource recovery facilities, metropolitan landfill sites, street cleaners, and waste treatment facilities will be off-duty. Thus, from January 30 (Thursday) to February 2, (Sunday), discharge of domestic waste is prohibited but will be allowed starting February 3 (Monday).During the holiday season, domestic waste must be kept inside homes or commercial buildings after the season, the waste can be discharged in front of homes or commercial buildings according to the districts collection schedule. In addition, each autonomous district will provide temporary carrying boxes and containers for temporary storage purposes.Those who have complaints regarding domestic wastes can submit their complaints to the Cleaning Management Situation Division . Furthermore, a cleaning patrol team consisting of a total of 230 members from 25 districts will patrol mainly the vulnerable areas every day to prevent inconveniences caused by accumulated wastes on streets in the metropolitan areas. Any and all unauthorized wastes found will be subject to a penalty, and a cleaning team will clean the area.You will be fined 200,000 won if caught discharging wastes illegally without using the standard pay-per-bag plastic bags according to the waste management regulation or 100,000 won for not following the waste collection schedule.Except on January 31 (Friday), approximately 1,000 street cleaners will have special work days from January 30 to February 2 to keep busy streets clean in the urban areas during the holiday season.For complaints, contact: Environment Management Division, +82-2-2133-3733
On January 6, 2014, Seoul Metropolitan Governments first transit mall, Sinchon Yonsei-ro, was reborn as a safe, convenient street for pedestrians.Sinchon Yonsei-ro Transit Mall covers a distance of 550m between Sinchon Subway Station and main entrance of Yonsei University. Besides pedestrians, vans with more than 16 passengers, emergency vehicles, and bicycles are allowed in the transit district, which is equipped with 11 city bus lines and 3 village bus lines. This district is designated as Zone 30 where all vehicles including buses have a speed limit of 30km/h for pedestrians safety.Due to the operation of the transit mall, general vehicles are not allowed to enter Yonsei-ro 24/7 violations of such traffic law (Article 6) will be subject to a penalty (sedan: 40,000 won, van: 50,000 won). Taxis are allowed from 12AM to 4AM special vehicles relevant to the businesses within Yonsei-ro District are allowed after authorization during certain periods of time (10-11, 15-16) but are prohibited from parking on the street.Furthermore, Seoul Metropolitan Government will operate public bicycles to ensure ease of transportation to pedestrians in the proximity of Sinchon Station and Yonsei University thus vitalizing the use of bicycles.Seoul Metropolitan Government built crossroads and changed other traffic systems in Sinchon for the general vehicles that previously took the Yonsei-ro route to make a detour conveniently.Moreover, there was only one crosswalk on the east side of the entrance of Yonsei University due to the former traffic flow-centered structure after the additional installation of a crosswalk on the west side of the entrance, however, it is now safer and more convenient for pedestrians.Until recently, Sinchon Yonsei-ro had a narrow sidewalk for the large flow of pedestrians. After this construction, however, the sidewalk was widened to up to 8m, and obstacles to walking were removed or organized to provide comfortable walking space.In addition, Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to provide a space called Oasis 0.5 (a space similar to an oasis in a desert, where pedestrians can always rest) and hold various cultural events there, such as B-Boy performances, with the goal of transforming the space into a dynamic main cultural space.In July 2012, Seoul Metropolitan Government designated Sinchon Yonsei-ro as a public transit mall model project. After the formation of a project council consisting of local officials and negotiation with the Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency and other relevant agencies, the proposal was confirmed by July 2013, the project was under construction. The Sinchon Public Transit Mall Project was completed successfully within a year through the operation of the project council consisting of local officials and numerous negotiation processes. This project is recognized as a successful case of conflict resolution among the projects promoted by Seoul Metropolitan Government.If Sinchon Yonsei-ro Public Transit Mall is continually operated successfully, Seoul City plans to expand it to other districts.
http://english.seoul.go.kr/wp-content/uploads/2014/02/--.pngStarting January 2014, taxi drivers can now anonymously report their companies violations on the new website. The reason Seoul Metropolitan Government is operating this reporting site is that many tax drivers did not report their companies violations because they had to file claims under their names.-No need to identify the petitioner -Convenient filing process
companies violations because they had to file claims under their names.The city-operated website provides wage agreement guidelines and allows tax drivers to utilize the website conveniently anytime, anywhere without any interference from their employers.
In other words, there is no membership or identification process only the company name and address and brief description of the violation with or without a photo are required for filing. The title of the file is visible to the public, but not the content, in order to protect the petitioner.
 Reporting website direct link: http://traffic.seoul.go.kr/taxi-9 non-compliant tax companies reported, inspected by joint inspection teams on the next business day Within 5 days of the launch of the reporting website, a total of 9 taxi companies were reported for increasing the payment amount far beyond the standardized amount set by the wage agreement guidelines.
The city administration sends city and district joint inspectors to the reported companies for special on-site inspection on the next business day of the filing date, with the reported taxi companies inspected periodically to check if they are complying with the regulation that allows taxi drivers to keep all of their transport income after deducting the payment due their employers.
Effective as of February 2014, free lunch will be provided to all elementary and middle school students, although middle school seniors will continue to be excluded from the free lunch service. In addition, the basic livelihood welfare benefit for the seriously disabled will be raised.Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the implementation of certain changes to its administrative services that will affect peoples everyday lives, including the introduction of fifty policies designed to provide greater benefits to the public under the following six broad categories.Type 1. Policies to Be Ascertained and Used by People
This category includes fourteen policies in five sectors (i.e. six in welfare four in gender equality one in culture one in housing two in economy). Members of the public are advised to check whether they are eligible for these services. They may apply for the services either by making a personal visit to the City Hall or though the home page of Seoul Metropolitan Government.First of all, the basic livelihood welfare benefit for the seriously disabled will be raised. The number of people eligible for this benefit will be increased from 63% of those in the lowest income bracket to 70%. Henceforth, seriously disabled who are unable to go out alone, among those falling under this category and aged 65 or over, will be paid welfare benefit of 280,000 won month, compared with the previous amount of 170,000 won.Effective from January 2014, the Childcare Portal Service (http://www.childcare.go.kr/) will disclose information on the overall operation of childcare centers, including six major items (i.e. basic status, including facilities, operational procedures, operational expenses, budget/accounting settlement, safety/health/nutrition, operation of vehicles.The number of facilities carrying out a pilot program of temporary childcare for parents who find themselves in an emergency situation will be raised from 11 to 34 by the second half of next year, when each autonomous district is supposed to have at least one facility providing such a program.Starting in April 2014, Seoul Metropolitan Government will operate a mosquito activity forecast system that classifies the anticipated severity of mosquito attacks into four levels. The daily forecast, along with the relevant guidelines, can be checked at Seoul Metropolitan Governments home page (http://health.seoul.go.kr/mosquito) from April through October.Type 2. Observance of New Regulations
This category, which includes matters that must be observed by local residents, consists of five policies including one in welfare, one in safety, one in environment, and two in transportation.Effective from January 1, 2014, the number of amenities subject to the imposition of no-smoking areas will be expanded considerably. All commercial establishments, including restaurants sized 100, will be designated as no-smoking areas. However, restaurants will be allowed to operate a separate smoking space under the relevant law. Persons who smoke in a no-smoking area will be subject to a fine of 100,000 won.Type 3. Policies that Should Be Remembered
This category includes nine polices, i.e. two in welfare, one in gender equality, two in economy, and four in transportation.Free lunch will be provided to all elementary and middle school students, and the budget will be raised (i.e. from 2,880 won to 3,110 won for each elementary school student, and from 3,840 won
 I will further enhance communication with the citizens in 2014 as their mayor  in the Year of the Blue Horse. Dear citizens and fellow public officials of Seoul Metropolitan Government Happy New Year to all of you!
Seoul Metropolitan Government held an international seminar on universal design at the Multi-Purpose Hall of Seoul City Hall on December 9, 2013. In major countries, their governments adopt proactive universal design policies ranging from barrier-free facilities at public buildings to contents related to education, culture, information, and services. Taking the United States for instance, the country operates the Universal Design Center to strive to make the life of the socially less privileged more comfortable.In contrast, Seoul Metropolitan Government leaves a lot to be desired in terms of public facility-related design knowhow and living environment-related human rights with users behavior and characteristics considered, despite its 11,000-plus welfare facilities and the approximately 30 billion won (in 2012) spent for 400-plus facilities to improve their functions.In connection with the foregoing, the seminar was held under the theme For the Better Quality of Peoples Lives and attended by welfare officials and workers. Attendees introduced their countries welfare-related design efforts and discussed how Seoul Metropolitan Government can push through with its universal design efforts more efficiently. Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to hold such seminar every year to expand the relevant networks and encourage people to take part in its efforts for universal design.
From December 2-6, 2013, the Seoul Metropolitan Government carried out special checks of the citys disaster-prone facilities including traditional markets, old public buildings and dilapidated apartment and multi-unit housing buildings, which are particularly vulnerable to fires in winter as well as snowstorms. Sample Safety Checks done for 14 disaster-prone facilities including traditional markets and decrepit public facilities (Dec. 10-19, 2013)The Seoul Metropolitan Government selected 14 locations that were especially vulnerable to fires due to the high use of oil, gas and electrical devices in winter and carried out extensive safety checks. The locations were also checked for potential damage from snowstorms or windstorms. The special inspection team was comprised of experts in various fields such as electricity, gas, firefighting, architecture, civil engineering and mechanical engineering in addition to some public servants and college-student ombudsmen.The Seoul Metropolitan Government regularly conducts safety checks, placing particular focus on special themes according to seasons. In summer, it concentrates on checking numerous waterside campsites. During the thawing season, it checks the safety of embankments and revetments around housing complexes. During Chuseok (Korean Thanksgiving) and Lunar New Year, it concentrates its safety checks on outdoor commercial facilities like traditional markets.The safety inspection team examined if the facilities would withstand windstorms and snowstorms and their electricity, gas and firefighting equipment were in good operating order. Minor defects were corrected immediately. For more serious safety hazards, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is about to take measures such as the installation of additional props, nets or fences in and around areas that have any likelihood of collapsing.The Seoul Metropolitan Government will continue to pay particular attention to areas susceptible to landslides until the thawing season has ended. For facilities and areas that need to be removed or enforced systematically, it will soon set up action plans and do its best to minimize the number of countless safety hazards in the city on a gradual yet steady basis.
Seoul Plaza Ice Park opened for the 2013 winter on Monday, December 16. It will remain open for the next 70 days, until Sunday, February 23, 2014. In 2013, the 10th year of the opening of the ice rink, the area has expanded by 1,500m2  from 4,200m2 to 5,700m2  to include a separate childrens ice-skating rink, among others.Admission is KRW1,000 per person, per hour (including skate rental). Please note that the operation of the rink is suspended if the Comprehensive Air-Quality Index (CAI) reaches the unhealthy level (the third from the bottom out of six categories). In such a case, a notice is issued at least two hours in advance. Be sure to check the air quality index if you are not sure of the ambient air quality in central Seoul before you leave for the rink.To mark the 10th anniversary of the citizen-oriented winter facility, the city government has prepared a series of special events including a photo contest of the pictures taken in the rink for the past 10 years a proposal event for young couples small-scale cultural performances of various sorts at 14:00 and 15:30 on Saturdays and Sundays professional disk jockey music shows playing audience-requested songs at 17:00 and 19:30 every day and some other special events celebrating key holidays which will take place during the 70 days its opened.In collaboration with private companies, the ice rink also offers special classes for ice-skating, curling and ice hockey. The city government hopes that many citizens will experience some of the Winter Olympic sports and cheer on the countrys Winter Olympics team in Sochi, Russia in February. The national teams performance at the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics is important since Korea is to play host to the next winter Olympics in Pyeongchang in 2018.This year, the ice-skating rink has been built more beautifully. As can be seen in the pictures below, it has been created with the concept of an Ice Park to better match its surroundings. To demonstrate the city governments commitment to environmental protection, it has installed eco-friendly energy-saving lighting fixtures and built temporary shelters with recyclable building materials that emit the least amount of CO2 when incinerated. It also includes shops and cafes in the ice-skating rink, which sell only eco-friendly fair-trade products.
According to Seoul Metropolitan Government (City Transportation Headquaters), the midnight Owl bus service has been running for fifty days, from September 13 to November 1. Expanded from two to nine lines, the service has so far carried a total of 303,940 passengers, averaging 6,079 a day. Each bus has averaged a total of 138 passengers per day, with 5.8 boarding at each stop (1,056 bus stops).By line, the pilot operation line N26 (Gangseo  Jungnang) carried the largest number of passengers, at 1,214 a day, followed by N37 (Eunpyeong  Songpa) at 946, N61 (Sinjeong  Nowon) at 880, and N16 (Dobong  Onsu) at 868.By day of the week, the early-morning period on Saturdays saw the largest number of passengers, averaging 7,333 per day, up 1,254 from the daily average. This was followed by Wednesdays (6,731), Fridays (6,611), Thursdays (6,536) and Sundays (6,166).By time period, 01:00~02:00 saw the largest number of passengers at 1,696 (27.9%), followed by 02:00~03:00 with 1,657 (27.3%) thus, 55.2% of all passengers boarded midnight buses during the two hours from 01:00-03:00. This was followed by 03:00~04:00 (1,325 people, 21.8%), 00:00~01:00 (795, 13.1%), and 04:00~05:00 (607, 10.0%).By demographic category, members of the public and company employees accounted for 64.6% (4,158 passengers), followed by drivers for hire at 23.5% (1,514) and students at 11.9% (763). About 77% of all passengers were males, with the proportion of female passengers rising to 23% from 12.3% during the pilot period.After the introduction of the expanded midnight bus service, the number of taxis refusing to accept passengers decreased from the same period of the previous year.The number of taxis refusing to take passengers amounted to 1,218 from October 1  31, 2012, but the figure fell by 8.9% (108) to 1,110 in the same period of 2013.
Seoul Metropolitan Government will implement An Economy with Citizens Participation 2013 Seoul City Social Economic Ideas Contest under its Citizens Participatory Social Economic Promotion Program, with the aim of encouraging citizens to pick out social issues and pressing problems and propose solutions to them. Last years first contest attracted strong support from the public, receiving about 1,000 bright ideas from enterprising citizens. The nine final teams, based on the citizens ideas  including Open Cabinet, Coffee Cube (C-owl), the Non-Profit IT Support Center, Fab Lab Seoul and Oneul (Today) Workshop  are bringing about a big bang in Seouls social economy by steadily conducting activities to establish businesses this year.According to Seoul City, its social economic contests did not pay off as handsomely as hoped as they were not easily accessible to citizens, and the selected ideas did not receive sufficient follow-up support. As such, the city is planning to provide systematic support to ensure that the selected ideas work more effectively. Furthermore, those who start their own businesses will be connected with the citys various support programs and the Seoul Metropolitan Social Economic Support Center.Citizens who come up with potential solutions to Seouls social problems can submit their ideas via the Seoul Wiki Website (www.wikiseoul.com) from November 18 to December 20. Thereafter, Seoul Metropolitan Government will select the 100 best ideas via citizens votes, website comments and expert evaluations of the proposed ideas. The 100 selected teams will receive systematic support encompassing financial support for their projects (up to two million won), group workshops, mentoring, coaching and education by specialists, and connection with the networks and resources of Seoul Metropolitan Government and its public offices, from the end of December to February of next year, with the aim of transforming their ideas into reality.
Until now, Seoul Metropolitan Government has consumed LNG worth KRW 8 billion each year as a fuel to boost the activity of SCR catalyst systems designed to remove nitrogen oxides from four resource recovery facilities. However, by replacing LNG with incineration steam using waste heat, Seoul City will be able to save around KRW 5.8 billion of its annual energy budget.Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the commencement of operation of the new system with the completion of the 4-year project for improving SCR catalyst system fuel designed to remove nitrogen oxides from ten incinerators at four resource recovery facilities in Seoul.Seoul Metropolitan Governments resource recovery facility team put an idea derived from its training program in Germany into practice, finally bearing fruit after four years of concerted efforts.Starting in September 2013, ten resource recovery facilities in Seoul equipped with SCR catalyst systems began operating, thus saving annual fuel costs of around KRW 5.8 billion. The new systems are expected to reduce the citys annual greenhouse gas emissions by 17,600 tCO2.By installing the improved systems, the citys annual fuel cost of KRW 8 billion will be reduced by KRW 5.8 billion to KRW 2.2 billion, which is also equivalent to a reduction of 8,344 TOE of petroleum.In addition, with the reduction of LNG consumption, annual GHG emissions can be reduced by 17,600tCO2. Furthermore, the citys consumption of 8 million N of LNG can be reduced annually by improving the SCR catalyst systems, which is equivalent to one years fuel consumption by 10,400 households in Seoul.
Seoul Metropolitan Government is pushing ahead with the development of fuel-cell power supply facilities in World Cup Park, which is currently being transformed into a new and renewable energy landmark. Fuel cells are suitable for downtown areas because they produce both electricity and heat and have the advantage of generating low levels of noise while offering a high degree of spatial efficiency.Together with the Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power Co. Ltd (KHNP), the Korea District Heating Corporation (KDHC), Seoul City Gas, and POSCO Energy, Seoul signed an agreement to push ahead with the Noeul fuel-cell power generation project (total capacity of 20MW), which will be carried out with 100% private-sector capital. Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide the site and the various permits and approvals.Construction of the fuel-cell facility will begin in December 2013 and be completed in November 2014. The facility will generate sufficient electricity to meets the annual energy requirement of 43,000 households.Seoul Metropolitan Government and other participants in the project recognized that the development and diffusion of new and renewable energy sources are crucial for resolving future energy problems, and decided to enhance Seoul Metropolitan Governments electric power independence and to expand its decentralized power supply facilities.This fuel-cell power generation facility will produce not only electricity but also heat for about 9,000 households. As such, Seoul Metropolitan Government will be able to enhance its energy independence and reduce its annual CO2 emission by 21,000 tons, thereby contributing to the nations climate change response.
The International Symposium on Seoul City Wall 2013 will be held at the Multipurpose Hall on the 8th floor of the Seoul City Hall at 10:00 AM on November 15 under the theme of Principle of Construction of City Walls in Asia and City Walls Left in Modern-day Cities.Major cities of the world have developed their own unique shapes, adopting different methods of urban development. The structure and shape of a city reflect many factors, such as ruling philosophy, ideology, religion, cultural tradition, and geographical conditions.The symposium held this time will shed light on the features of castle walls remaining in cities in Europe, China, and Vietnam, along with a comparison between them and those of Seoul. The symposium will examine the intrinsic and unique value of Seoul City Wall. Please take part in the session and check what Seoul City Wall were like 600 years ago.
Mayor of Seoul Park Won Soon held a press conference on the occasion of the second anniversary of his inauguration in the lounge of the Seoul Foreign Correspondents Club (FCC) of the Seoul Press Center at 12:00 on November 13.The session was attended by some 270 reporters from 93 news agencies based in 16 countries, including CNN, Reuters, The BBC, The Wall Street Journal, The Mainichi Shimbun (Japan), The Peoples Daily (China) and The Xinhua News Agency (China).Mayor Park Won Soon gave a keynote speech on the theme of Seoul Is Being Reborn as a City of People and of the World, which was followed by a Q&A session. The contents of the keynote speech were as follows:
Starting in October, Seoul Metropolitan Government began issuing warnings about ultra-fine dust via texting, bus and street bulletin boards, and Twitter. Ultra-fine dust is not visually discernible, but it can be fatal to humans if exposed to it for even a short period. People suffering from respiratory or cardiovascular diseases in particular should refrain from going out or at least wear a yellow-dust mask upon receiving an ultra-fine dust warning by text. Ultra-fine dust can be as thin as 1/30 the diameter of a hair, so it cannot be filtered by the nose hair or airway, but infiltrates the pulmonary alveoli, thus having a more harmful effect on the body than fine dust. As ultra-fine dust can scarcely be perceived even in high concentrations, Seoul Metropolitan Government has installed automatic gauges in twenty-five locations across the citys districts in order to measure the concentration of ultra-fine dust and issue warnings accordingly. Seoul Metropolitan Governments ultra-fine dust warning system will be implemented one year earlier than the projected 2015. Seoul Metropolitan Government issues a Watch message if ultra-fine dust persists for two hours at an average hourly concentration of over 85/, and a Warning message if it persists for two hours at a concentration of over 120/. Whenever the concentration of ultra-fine dust in the atmosphere increases dramatically, elderly people, children, and patients with respiratory and cardiovascular diseases should refrain from going out or should avoid traveling in areas with heavy traffic. When going out, citizens are advised to wear yellow-dust masks and clothes with long sleeves. 
Seoul Metropolitan Government is the worlds no. 6 in global urban competitiveness for the second consecutive year, according to the Global Power City Index (GPCI) announced every October by the Institute for Urban Strategies at the Mori Memorial Foundation in Tokyo. The institute conducted a comprehensive study of global cities in 2013. As an index of global urban competitiveness, GPCI is derived through comprehensive analysis and evaluation based on the 26 items of evaluation and 70 indices developed by said institute in six sectors (economy, R&D, cultural exchanges, abode, environment, and transportation accessibility. Since the first announcement of GPCI, Seoul Metropolitan Government has seen its ranking improve (13th in 2008, 12th in 2009, 8th in 2010, 7th in 2011, 6th in 2012, and 6th in 2013). < Seouls ranking (2008 ~ 2013) > in Mori Memorial Foundations GPCI The status of the five other cities whose GPCI ranking was higher than Seoul (i.e., London, New York, Paris, Tokyo, and Singapore) remains unchanged from last year. Note, however, that there were slight changes in the scores earned by said cities. The scores of New York, Paris, Tokyo, and Singapore dropped. In contrast, Seoul scored 23 points higher compared to last year to record the second highest margin of rise among the top 10 cities after Frankfurt. In particular, the Mori Memorial Foundation noted how the gap in points earned by Seoul and Singapore was narrowed from 38 in 2012 to 9 in 2013. At this rate, Seoul is expected to be able to rank among the top 5 sooner or later. According to the Mori Foundation, the rise in Seouls urban competitiveness was attributable to the rise in five of the six sectors of evaluation, most noticeably in economy. Sectors such as R&D and transportation accessibility have pulled up the other sectors. In the 2013 index, economy newly emerged as Seouls strong sector. Thus, Seoul ranked among the top 10 in R&D, transportation accessibility, and economy. The GPCI YEARBOOK 2013 containing the details of the analysis will be published by the end of the year.
According to a survey of 2.22 million Chinese tourists visiting South Korea in 2011, 91.1% stayed for an average of six days in Seoul, spending $250 a day with 77% spent on shopping. Their favorite destinations were Myeong-dong (69.2%) and Dongdaemun Market (66.7%). 2.22 million Chinese tourists visited South Korea in 2011, and 91.1% of them stayed in Seoul The percentage of women is getting higher, i.e., 43% in 2007 and 51% in 2011. Compared to tourists from other countries, the Chinese show a high percentage of group travelers. By age group, those in their 20s (26%) led the others, followed by those in their 30s (23%) and those in their 40s (23%). Those in their 40s led others in group tourists those in their 20s led others in individual tourists. Spending vacation tops the list of purposes for visiting Korea Chinese tourists stay for an average of 6 days in Korea, spending $250 a day with 77% spent on shopping main items shopped are perfume and cosmetics (68.9%)According to the survey, groups of Chinese tourists stay in Korea for an average of 6 days and spend money on shopping. Individual tourists stay longer in Korea and spend less than group tourists. A high percentage visits Korea to meet friends or relatives. Those in their 30s visit Korea for business or professional purposes, spend most of their time in Seoul, and show a relatively high frequency of visiting Korea (i.e., 2.4 times in the past 3 years). Major destinations: Myeong-dong (69.2%), Dongdaemun Market (66.7%), NamsanN Seoul Tower (37.5%) Overall, the major destinations of Chinese tourists are shopping centers. The favorite destinations of those in their 30s are: royal palaces (31.7%), Myeong-dong (15.5%), Insa-dong (14.3%), etc. Source: http://www.si.re.kr
Volunteer work at Seoul Global Center is having its heyday, with foreigners living in Seoul feeling a great sense of community and achievement through volunteer work.According to Seoul Global Center, the biggest general foreign assistance institution in Korea operated by Seoul Metropolitan Government, they have already recorded 738 volunteer work participants this year, which is a big leap from last years 596.There are 720 registered volunteers in the Seoul Global Volunteer Group, which, aside from domestic members, has 250 foreign members. They come from more than 40 countries including China (80), US (40), Japan (19), Philippines (12), Taiwan (8), Canada (8), Russia (8), etc.To date, foreigners volunteer work has been limited to helping the elderly with meals in social welfare institutions and cleaning of facilities, etc. nowadays, however, it is expanding to global cultural experience instruction posts at care centers, Seoul Metropolitan Governments foreign language writing environment inspection jobs, and other areas that make good use of the foreigners advantage.Every second Saturday of the month, foreigners introduce world culture and food to elementary school children and have recreation classes with them in the Samseon-dong Dream Tree Welfare Center. The participation of foreigners from numerous countries is earning favorable responses, since it provides Korean children with natural opportunities to meet foreigners and experience foreign culture.Every last Friday of the month, foreigners help the elderly have meals and walk and converse with them and clean the citys Dongbu Senior Care Center. The elderly react very positively toward the foreigners who come to work on this day, since it is a rare occasion for them to meet foreigners.Correction efforts are also very active a volunteer group of 22 foreigners participated in Seoul Metropolitan Governments foreign language writing environment inspection in April and corrected 92 cases of erroneous writings on City Hall direction boards, subway direction boards, restaurant menus, etc.For their part, foreigners reportedly adapt themselves quickly to life in Korea through such volunteer work and experience a great sense of achievement as well.As a foreigner, I did not have that many opportunities to come across Korean children. By doing volunteer work, however, I was able to see the differences between the Korean and Mongolian educational environments and cultures. It also felt very rewarding to introduce the Mongolian culture to Korean children. I wish to do more various types of volunteer work and meet more Korean people, said MUNKHZAYA (22) from Mongolia, who currently attends Hansung University.With the demand for domesticforeign volunteer work increasing, Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to expand volunteer work dispatches to Seobu Senior Care Center, Itaewon Station, regional day care centers, and other places requiring volunteer works in the form of talent donation, effort donation, etc.Application for and inquiries on volunteer work
Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the 2014-2018 Seoul MICE (Meeting, Incentive Tour, Convention, and Exhibition/Event) 2014~2018 Master Plan for Tourism/MICE in Seoul as a growth engine with high added value in the expectation that it will increase the number of inbound tourists to 20 million a year.The master plan announced by Mayor of Seoul Park Won Soon at a meeting of the Seoul International Business Advisory Council (SIBAC) held on October 25 reflects the most recent tourism trends, namely, an increase in the number of individual tourists and rising demand for mobile information. It also points to the need for greater participation from the private sector.The master plan includes twelve items under the following four major policies: the development of interesting stories about each area of Seoul the development of cutting-edge technology-based smart tourist information and a rich tourist infrastructure enhancement of the quality of tourist services and the linkage of tourism with high-added-value industries.Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to develop twenty-five strategic tourist destinations that can present their historic resources and dynamism to tourists, as core parts of a city that has served as the nations capital for 2,000 years. Local residents will be encouraged to explore stories about Seouls 422 local administrative units (dong) that might be of interest to foreign tourists.Seoul Metropolitan Government will use information technology, one of the countrys most prized assets, to help tourists obtain information on the places they visit and to run a cyber-tour program.The master plan also focuses on improvement of the basic tourism infrastructure, including accommodation and information centers, and the adoption of unique tourism courses using helicopters, amphibious vehicles, and hot-air balloons.Measures aimed at improving the tourist service include the compensation of losses incurred by tourists due to storeowners profiteering the operation of tourist complaint handling centers and the provision of products whose quality has been certified by Seoul Metropolitan Government.Seoul Metropolitan Government will also develop twenty-four satisfaction-guaranteed tourist courses in cooperation with travel agencies and commercial airlines.In the area of medical tourism, which attracts many foreign customers, the official Seoul Tourism website (www.visitseoul.net) will establish the relevant information system by early next year. The system will provide information on good-quality medical institutions, along with accommodation, shopping centers, and restaurants in areas close to the medical institutions.To bring about an epoch-making advance in the MICE industry, Seoul City will strive to expand and improve its exhibition and convention facilities establish a comprehensive system for the provision of support for the MICE industry and develop specialty tourism products under the Mice Industry Development Plan, which includes ten core programs. Under the said plan, the number of exhibition/convention facilities will be tripled by 2020 downtown Seoul [DDP (Dongdaemun Design Plaza) + Seoul Station + hotels in downtown + Myeong-dong] will be developed as a downtown convention zone by 2018 unique venues for special events will be developed and a discount card encompassing sightseeing, transportation and shopping will be developed by 2014 for visitors participating in international conferences and exhibitions in Seoul. 
October 26 marks the first anniversary of the opening of the Seoul Metropolitan Library in the refurbished building of the former Seoul City Hall. As well as serving the usual functions of a library, Seoul Metropolitan Library also handles Seouls policies concerning libraries and reading culture, and functions as a library specializing in the collection and provision of information on Seoul and helping people to enjoy reading books. Housed in a four-story building with four basement floors, the library has six data rooms and houses a vast collection of materials, including 240,000 paper books, 8,200 electronic books, 4,900 non-book materials (including DVDs), and five databases associated with the National Assembly Library (as of Oct. 2013). A total of 2.2 million people have used the library and 57,100 people have signed up as members as of October 21, 2013. Regarding the age of library users, 30-somethings top the list, followed by people in their 40s, 20s, and 50s. Remarkably, there are even eight users in their 90s. About 55.7% of the members are females. The members come from far and wide including Gyeonggi-do, Incheon-si, Busan-si, and even Jeju Island. Most of the books requested by members of the public are purchased, but some special books or materials have been donated by individuals or organizations. One individual donated a total of 10,919 books to the library, while more than 5,000 books were donated by the Literature Translation Institute of Korea and embassies or culture centers of 53 countries. The library has also held a number of book-related exhibitions. A small second-hand bookstore run at the entrance to the library on Saturdays in June and July will be operated all year round in 2014. The Seoul Metropolitan Library has launched a network of libraries representing Seouls 25 autonomous districts to promote discussion about library-related policies. Among its many diverse activities, the library has also run a campaign aimed at increasing the number of municipal libraries held sessions designed to educate municipal librarians opened miniature neighborhood libraries helped members of the public to find second-hand bookstores and launched an integrated book search service. It also plans to hold diverse events, including the Seoul Book Festival, in a bid to encourage the general public to read more books.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government Special Judicial Police recently cracked down on a number of restaurants that violated The Food Sanitation Act, indicting them under The Criminal Act in August and September. The guilty establishments are favorite destinations among foreign tourist groups. The Police have also asked the relevant autonomous district offices to take the necessary administrative punitive measures against them aside from indictment under The Criminal Act. Seoul Metropolitan Government started the investigation in response to complaints submitted by foreign tourists concerning several mid to large-sized restaurants. The charges leveled against them include false statements about the place of origin of various foods including rice, kimchi, pork and chicken, as well as inadequate levels of hygiene. According to the police, the main customers of these restaurants are foreign tourists favoring low-priced package tourism products, so the poor level of hygiene of the guilty parties not been pointed out by local customers.Commenting on the crackdown, an officer of the Seoul Metropolitan Government Special Judicial Police said, In 2012, eight million foreigners, many of them from China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Thailand, and Singapore, visited the country for sightseeing purposes. Eight out of ten of them came to Seoul. We will keep a watchful eye for violations of the food safety regulations to protect tourists and enhance the image of the city as a tourist destination. Responsibility: Charge in Division: Special Enforcement Division for Public Safety
 Mr. Lee Sang Hyeok (23), who has 3rd grade mental weakness, can hardly wait for November to arrive. He is to work as a regular hotelier in the Cabin Team of Seoul Plaza Hotel, a 1st-class hotel. As the first Korean to overcome developmental disabilities and work as an hotelier, Mr. Lee is currently doing field training  he takes care of linen and transporting works. I majored in business in a community college, but after graduating I found it very difficult to find and maintain a job, being a disabled person. These days, its even more difficult for the disabled since the job market is so competitive. Im very happy to have a new beginning as a proud hotelier. I cant wait to start work, he gushed.
Seven severely handicapped persons, three of whom are developmentally disabled including Mr. Lee, are about to start anew as hoteliers. More doors will apparently be opening for the severely handicapped persons to work in the hotel industry.
Regarding this issue, Seoul Metropolitan Government, Korea Employment Agency for the Disabled, and Hanwha Hotel and Resort have concluded the Disabled Hotelier Employment Agreement on the 28th (Mon) and declared the expansion of stable employment of the disabled in the hotel business.
It is especially remarkable to have a developmentally disabled hotelier be hired as a regular employee in a 1st-class hotel, which is a first in Korea. This can be attributed to the joint efforts of Seoul City, Korea Employment Agency for the Disabled, and corporate sector.
Seoul Metropolitan Government and Korea Employment Agency for the Disabled, which have been implementing the pilot version of Hope Project for the Disabled: The Disabled Become Hoteliers since March, managed to produce seven severely handicapped hoteliers in eight months for the first time ever in Korea.
In particular, Korea Employment Agency for the Disabled was responsible for coming up with jobs for disabled persons through expert consultation on employment for the disabled. 
Based on the results, Seoul Metropolitan Government contacted numerous hotels and induced their participation in the project. Plaza Hotel, the first to show interest, added 8 more openings in various parts to the suggested jobs it plans to hire a total of 15 disabled hoteliers by year 2014.In partnership with Korea Employment Agency for the Disabled, Hanwha Hotel and Resort aggressively pushed for the employment of the disabled not only in Plaza Hotel but also in their leisure service industry as well. As a result, they managed to hire a total of 27 disabled persons this year and announced their plans of expanding their employment of the disabled by discovering and developing more jobs appropriate for disabled persons. Seoul Metropolitan Government and Korea Employment Agency for the Disabled plan to pursue various support measures for such jobs including training, post-management, PR, etc. to induce the active participation of other hotels in the future.
Seoul has been selected as the host city for the ICLEI (International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives) World Congress 2015. Founded in 1990, the ICLEI  Local Governments for Sustainability is an international association composed of local governments and national and regional local government organizations that have made a commitment to sustainable development. It is the worlds largest environmental organization, with more than 1,000 local governments from 84 countries currently figuring among its membership. Last July, the ICLEI established its East Asia Headquarters in Seoul (Seoul Global Center).  Many major cities, including Kyoto (Japan), Stockholm (Sweden), Bristol (UK), Adelaide (Australia), and Auckland (New Zealand), competed to host the event, but Seoul was selected with the overwhelming support of executive members, apparently in consideration of the efforts made by Seoul to secure more Chinese cities as members and expand exchanges between cities in East Asia. The ICLEI World Congress is held every three years. The 2015 World Congress in Seoul will be the 8th event held since its foundation and the second event held in Asia. [Former host cities of the ICLEI World Congress]
New York (1990), Toronto (1992), Saitama (1995), Dessau (2000), Athens (2003), Cape Town (2006), Edmonton (2009), Belo Horizonte (2012)Seoul Metropolitan Government will adopt Local Action for SDGs (Sustainable Development Goals) as the main theme of the 2015 event with a view to discussing local governments role in promoting sustainable development in step with the UNs objectives, which will be implemented in 2015. The ICLEI World Congress 2015 will include a program on the introduction of Seoul Metropolitan Governments climate environment policies with the aim of raising developing countries awareness of the importance of matters concerning climate environment and assisting their acquisition of advanced environmental technologies.
Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the International Energy Conference on November 13 at the City Hall by inviting ten world-renowned scholars such as Amory B. Lovins, founder and senior research fellow of the Rocky Mountain Institute, and Allan Jones, an officer responsible for energy and climate change-related matters at the Sidney.Natural disasters occurring frequently here and there around the world are a sign of climate change accelerating. Most of the greenhouse gases that cause climate change are being generated from energy overconsumption in large cities.Seoul Metropolitan Government expects the conference held this time to provide an opportunity to share a sense of crisis regarding such phenomena and to remind large cities including Seoul of their responsibility and role in energy saving.Participants will discuss the need to formulate energy policies that will enable humankind to survive without energies and ensure the conservation of Mother Earth in a sustainable manner.Commenting on the event, a Seoul City official said the best choice that will save the Earth from the crisis of climate change is large cities positive development of sustainable energy policies. This conference is expected to open a new chapter in the expansion of the use of recycled energy and the energy saving campaign (Lets Reduce the Number of Nuclear Power Plants) initiated by Seoul City, he noted.
By October 2013, expect to see good-mannered tourist polices speaking English, Chinese, and Japanese in Myeong-dong, Itaewon, Dongdaemun, Insa-dong, Hongdae area, Cheongyecheon (Stream), and places close to City Hall.The 100 newly recruited tourist police officers went through a month-long course operated by the Korean Tourism Organization (KTO) on basic matters that a tourist guide should know, along with foreign language skills.Their major duties include: crime prevention/maintenance of basic order crackdown on illegal acts perpetrated against foreign tourists, and handling foreign tourists complaints.From now on, foreign tourists falling victim to storeowners profiteering or rejection of refund for goods purchased can get help from the tourist police officers or a nearby tourist police center.
Seoul and San Francisco have agreed to strengthen their 40-year-long sisterly ties by exchanging ideas and opinions about exemplary municipal policies concerning culture, tourism, urban planning and development with each other. The two cities will also dispatch officials to each other as part of an employee training program.On October 21, Mayor of Seoul Park Won Soon met his counterpart, Mayor of San Francisco Edwin M. Lee, in the Seoul Mayors office and the two signed an MOU for the promotion of mutual collaboration in substantial matters based on the sisterly ties made back in 1976.The areas in which the two cities will collaborate include the sharing of exemplary municipal policies concerning culture, tourism, urban planning and development, e-government and information technology, sustainability, and the sharing economy participation in the international organizations and conferences hosted by each city the promotion of collaboration between educational and cultural institutions in both cities and the dispatch of officials to each other as part of an employee training program.On October 21, Mr. Edwin M. Lee gave a special lecture under the theme of Innovation is the past, present and future of San Francisco to an audience composed of Seoul Metropolitan Government officials and the heads of Seoul-invested institutions.Mr. Edwin M. Lee, who was born in the United States to Chinese immigrant parents, was sworn in as the first Asian-American mayor of San Francisco in 2012. He had previously worked as a human rights lawyer in the interest of minorities, including Asians and Hispanics, in the United States, and also served as a public official for more than twenty years. Along with New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, Mr. Lee is regarded as the most innovative-minded figure in the public sector of the United States.
Autumn is the season when tree leaves dazzle us with their beautiful colors. Why not enjoy the beautiful sights created by the autumnal hues of tree leaves with your family, friends or lover?Seoul Metropolitan Government has selected eighty-one leading streets (148.54km) known for their beautifully colored autumnal leaves. These streets will not be swept clear of fallen leaves until mid-November so Seoulites can savor every minute of fall.[Strolling along streamside paths]
Uninterrupted by passing vehicles, you can enjoy the harmonious scenery created by Seouls clean-running streams and colorful autumn leaves more peacefully.* Recommended streamside paths
Songjeong Bank in Seongdong-gu (Seongdonggyo (Bridge)  Gunjagyo (Bridge)) Jungnangcheonjebang-gil in Dongdaemun-gu Uicheonjebang-gil in Gangbuk-gu Jungnangcheonjebang-gil in Dobong-gu Hongjecheonbyeon-gil in Seodaemun-gu Anyangcheon Walking Trail in Guro-gu and Geumcheon-gu Yeoeuiseo-ro, Yeoeui-do in Yeongdeungpo-gu[Nice places to take your lover on a date]
You can have an enjoyable stroll along Samcheongdong-gil with your lover. Nearby places worth a visit include Gyeongbokgung (Palace), art galleries, workshops, and gourmet food restaurants. Deoksugung -gil is another place where you can visit the Seoul Museum of Art, as well as lots of performance venues and cinemas. Itaewon-ro extending from Samgakji Station to Noksapyeong Station is also a popular tourist destination. You can walk from there to the Hyatt Hotel Seoul and the Namsan Walking Trail.
The retusa fringe trees (Ipap namu in Korean) lining the Cheonggyecheon-ro are also pleasant to behold. If you stroll for a while along this road, your will reach Dongdaemun or Seoul Folk Flea Market in Sinseol-dong.* Recommended places to take your lover on a date
Samcheongdong-gil in Jongno-gu Deoksugung-gil in Jongno-gu Itaewon-ro in Yongsan-gu Cheonggyecheon (Stream) in Jongno-gu[Walking trail leading to a park]
The Namsan North Walking Trail is the most popular path among walkers in Seoul. Many moms pushing baby carriers or senior citizens in their wheelchairs can be seen here.Yangjae Citizens Forest and nearby Alice Park are famous for footpaths lined with meta-sequoias. Songpanaru Park (Seokchon Lake), along with the nearby Lotte World, is a popular destination for people in the neighborhood.Olympic Park, Seoul Forest in Ttukseom, Haneul Park (Flame grass), Pyeonghwa Park (beautifully colored tree leaves) close to the World Cup Park are also recommended destinations.[Enjoy the beautiful scenery on a mountain trail]
The wooden deck path leading from the Achasan Ecological Park to the Sheraton Walker Hill Hotel in Gwangjin-gu is much beloved by senior citizens. The trail leading to the forest in Achasan (Mountain) is also a pleasant path for nature lovers. Other recommended walking paths leading to mountains include the path along Ansan (Mountain) in Seodaemun-gu the path within Ujang Park in Gangseo-gu Banghwa Park and the walking trail at the entrance to Gwanaksan (Mountain) near the main gate of Seoul National University.According to the Korea Meteorological Administration, the autumnal leaves at Bukhansan (Mountain) and in downtown Seoul will be at their most beautiful around October 27 and early November, respectively, this year.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government won the first Local Government Award in Asia-Pacific at the 2013 ITS World Congress (Intelligent Transportation System World Congress) a massive international event in the field of transportation, dubbed the Transportation Olympics for its efforts to maximize citizens participation in its transportation information system through an Open API (Open Application Programmer Interface) that the city began to disclose to the public in 2010.Kicking off on Monday, October 14, the 20th ITS World Congress Tokyo launched a local government award. The Seoul Metropolitan Government won the inaugural honor representing the entire Asia- Pacific region.The ITS World Congress began in Paris in 1994. Each year, representatives of corporations, academic institutions, and government agencies from about 90 countries participate in the congress and view exhibits of new technologies and presentations of research papers on intelligent transportation. Korea has held the world congress twice, first in Seoul in 1998 and second in Busan in 2010.The inaugural Local Government Award at the 2013 Tokyo Congress was given to a local government each in the Americas, Europe, and Asia-Pacific for their initiatives to develop intelligent transportation and contributions to technological innovations in the area.For the first time in Korea, the Seoul Metropolitan Government built a transportation information service model with the action of citizens. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has disclosed public transportation information including bus arrival times to the public, and citizens and corporations have developed various service programs such as mobile apps for smartphones and provided them to the Seoul Metropolitan Government for the good of the community.So far, more than 10 apps have been developed and supplied to the public free of charge.In addition to its disclosure of public transportation information to the public, the Seoul transportation information service model is also widely recognized internationally for other aspects as well: fast and accurate real-time information on traffic situations and anticipated bus arrival times GPS-based scientific management of bus operations cutting-edge, automated visual surveillance system, and integrated transportation card system that allows citizens to use all types of transportation modes with single cards.In fact, the preeminence of the intelligent transportation system of Seoul has been well verified by the fact that more than 1,200 foreign heads of state, ministers, and vice ministers of transportation departments and transportation experts have visited the Seoul Metropolitan Government to learn about and benchmark the advanced Seoul Transportation Operation and Information Service (TOPIS) since 2004 when the city began to overhaul its public transport systems thoroughly.
Mayor of Seoul Park Won Soon attended a special session for a candid exchange of views on Seoul Metropolitan Governments policy toward young people.
Members of Cheongjeong Bibimbap, a youth governance, took part in the session which gave young people an opportunity to air their opinions on Seoul Metropolitan Governments youth policies. The network is engaged in the development and research of youth policies in twelve sectors including jobs, culture, welfare, house, and startups.
At the session, Mayor Park Won Soon said that he would reflect the proposals he heard directly from the young people in the establishment of Seoul Metropolitan Governments policies. The young panelists conveyed the ideas held by many young people that they had collected during two months of public hearings and workshops.
The twenty proposals made by the young panelists included the operation of a center for the protection of young people working part-time the enactment of guidelines for the safe gosiwon (a small room that types of accommodation in Korea) underground-room renovation project the provision of support for future artists the operation of education facilities for infants and toddlers and a pilot project to supply rental apartments for young people. In addition to airing the proposals, they explained the background to their proposals and desirable methods of promoting the relevant policies, etc.
After the session, Mr. Park Won Soon declared that the city should encourage young people to take part in the process of formulating and executing youth-related policies so that their future ideals may be realized, all the more so as they are the generation who will ultimately take responsibility for the future of Seoul. He added, It is clear that they have developed their policy proposals to a considerable depth. We at Seoul Metropolitan Government will strive to make youth governance take root and ensure that our youth policies are formulated in the way desired by them.
Mayor of Seoul Park Won Soon attended a special session for a candid exchange of views on Seoul Metropolitan Governments policy toward young people.Members of Cheongjeong Bibimbap, a youth governance, took part in the session which gave young people an opportunity to air their opinions on Seoul Metropolitan Governments youth policies. The network is engaged in the development and research of youth policies in twelve sectors including jobs, culture, welfare, house, and startups.At the session, Mayor Park Won Soon said that he would reflect the proposals he heard directly from the young people in the establishment of Seoul Metropolitan Governments policies. The young panelists conveyed the ideas held by many young people that they had collected during two months of public hearings and workshops.The twenty proposals made by the young panelists included the operation of a center for the protection of young people working part-time the enactment of guidelines for the safe gosiwon (a small room that types of accommodation in Korea) underground-room renovation project the provision of support for future artists the operation of education facilities for infants and toddlers and a pilot project to supply rental apartments for young people. In addition to airing the proposals, they explained the background to their proposals and desirable methods of promoting the relevant policies, etc.After the session, Mr. Park Won Soon declared that the city should encourage young people to take part in the process of formulating and executing youth-related policies so that their future ideals may be realized, all the more so as they are the generation who will ultimately take responsibility for the future of Seoul. He added, It is clear that they have developed their policy proposals to a considerable depth. We at Seoul Metropolitan Government will strive to make youth governance take root and ensure that our youth policies are formulated in the way desired by them.
Mayor of Seoul Park Won Soon awarded Certificates of Honorary Citizenship of Seoul to fifteen foreigners from thirteen countries selected by the city as 2013 Honorary Citizens of Seoul at Sejong Hall, Sejong Arts Center, on Oct 28th (Mon).Since 1958, Seoul, as a leading global city, has been awarding Certificates of Honorary Citizenship of Seoul to foreigners who have helped strengthened Seouls foundation for international exchange or contributed to the citys development, as well as to foreign sovereigns, heads of state, and diplomatic delegations who have visited Seoul, to show its appreciation and build cooperative friendships. So far, 679 foreign nationals from 93 countries have received the Certificate of Honorary Citizen of Seoul.Among the prominent figures selected as an honorary citizen is former Japanese minister Nomura Motoyuki, who was hailed as the Saint of Cheonggye Creek for his poverty relief activities around Cheonggye Creek in the 1970s and who still loves Korea dearly after more than four decades. In 2006, he donated around 800 historic artifacts to Seoul, including photos of Cheonggye Creek and a map of Seoul, items important in researching the 1970s history of Cheonggye Creek and the city. Seoul Metropolitan Government will exhibit around forty of the donated items under the theme of Grandpa Nomuras Love for Seoul in the 1st floor lobby of the City Hall Main Building from Oct. 28(Mon) to Nov. 10(Sun). The souvenir shed light the on the way of life and the difficulties facing people living around Cheonggye Creek in the 1970s and images of Seoul as it was then.Bradley Kent Buckwalter, CEO of ADT Caps Korea, a security business, assisted services in low cost for low-income family females while also dispatching professional force as school security, another generous sharing. Richard Hill, CEO of SC Finance Group Korea, helped finance the production of audio books for the visually disabled, while, as the first foreign vice president of the Korea Football Association, he not only ardently supports volunteer work and cultural activities such as the youth football program, but is also an avid supporter of Seoul Metropolitan Governments policies.Amy Jean Jackson, the president of the American Chamber of Commerce in Korea, strived to enhance cooperation between foreign corporations and Korean corporations. Also, Anatoly V. Torkunov, Dean of the Moscow State Institute of International Relations, Russias best international relations expert and top authority on Korean peninsula issues, published numerous books on Korean studies including Korean History, The Post-War Transformation of the Korean Peninsula, while Hosaniak Joanna Zenona, vice deputy director general of the Citizens Alliance for North Korean Human Rights, was selected as an honorary citizen for her support for the protection of North Korean citizens human rights and their settlement in South Korea.Milkos Lengyel, a former Hungarian Ambassador to Korea, to promoted active exchange and cooperative relations between Seoul and Budapest, while the Spanish priest Jose Maria Blanco Arriba and the Mexican priest Ramiro Zuniga Garibay devoted their whole life to fulfilling the needs of others as Catholics. They were not only dedicated to helping minorities but also contributed to youth education and cultural interchange in their mother countries and Korea.List of 2013 Honorary Citizens
A total of 27 people, including professors and students of leading public administration schools in the US, are visiting Seoul in person to experience exemplary cases of Seoul Metropolitan Government administration.According to the University of Seoul, professors and students from graduate schools of public administration at Cornell University, University of Delaware, Central Florida University, and Portland State University will visit Seoul from October 20 to 25 and undergo the Seoul Case Study (SCS) program on policies in seven areas including culture, urban planning, and e-government.* Seoul Case Study (SCS, also known as Seoul Field Trip) is short for Support for the Operation of Seoul Case Study as Credit Course at Leading Overseas Graduate Schools of Public Administration it is managed by the University of Seoul.The University of Seoul and the Seoul Metropolitan Government exchanged MOUs with 11 graduate schools of public administration including 10 in the US and 1 in the UK and enabled them to operate Seoul Case Study as their regular credit class to share and conduct academic study on the success stories of Seoul Metropolitan Government administration.Participants in the course take classes in areas where Seoul is internationally recognized including e-government and urban planning for one semester and take the Seoul Field Trip for about one week during their course to have an opportunity to learn success stories in administration and experience Korean culture.For the Seoul Field Trip, which marks its 12th annual event this year, officials in charge of various fields in Seoul administration will offer lectures the delegation will then visit major policy sites including Seoul Transportation Operation & Information Service (TOPIS) to learn and experience its achievements. On October 25, the final day of the field trip, all participants of the program will make presentations on ways to develop Seoul and make policy recommendations.At the presentation session, different graduate schools will deliver their own presentations on ways to develop Seoul upon returning to the US, they will submit research papers on Seoul administration. The University of Seoul will take steps to have the suggestions in the papers reflected on Seouls city policy.Since 2010 to present, 257 students from 11 universities have visited Seoul through the Seoul Field Trip and experienced successful cases of Seoul Metropolitan Government administration. Notably, in a survey conducted among the participants of the 11th program last year, participants expressed satisfaction: It is a great pleasure to come to know Seoul as a city found many matters that could be helpful to policy in the US, and the program contributed significantly to improving the image of Korea as well as Seoul.We are holding consultations with other graduate schools of public administration in the US and Britain. Since the program seeks to have Seoul Metropolitan Governments policy introduced for case study at these graduate schools, it will not only enhance brand awareness of Seoul Metropolitan Government but also help increase its urban competiveness, said the International School of Urban Sciences at the University of Seoul, which manages the program.
For the first time in Korea, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is offering the Home Education Service for Seniors at Pre-Dementia Stage to prevent or delay the progress of their disease.
At present, more than one in four (27.8%) of the senior population of Seoul or around 300,000 out of 1.1 million seniors in the city is known to have symptoms of mild cognitive decline, a stage right before dementia. The number is rapidly increasing.
* As a stage between regular aging and early-stage Alzheimers disease, mild cognitive decline involves clear signs of decline in the cognitive ability of seniors but does not necessarily hamper their social, vocational, or personal functions.
The Home Education Service for Seniors at Pre-Dementia Stage Project is designed to enable caregivers to offer seniors suffering from mild cognitive decline and with high risk of advancing to severe dementia stages at-home education service with specially developed home-study materials and learning tools. The purpose is to help them manage their daily lives on their own as long as possible.
The service helps slow down the deterioration of cognitive ability of seniors, delay their advance into dementia stages, and boost their mental health through emotional empathy with caregivers. Ultimately, the Seoul Metropolitan Government expects to reduce social costs due to seniors dementia and cognitive decline.
Most notably, the caregivers who provide at-home education to seniors suffering from cognitive decline are retired personnel. Therefore, the service also contributes to job creation among seniors in the city.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to carry out the pilot project for the service in Central Seoul (Jung-gu) for 600 seniors until March 2015. Following reviews and adjustments, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will expand it to the rest of the metropolis and possibly to the entire nation by the central government.
During the pilot project, the at-home education service is offered free of charge. From the long-term perspective, however, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to promote the coverage of the education service by the national health insurance scheme.
Moreover, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is considering encouraging retired professionals to establish social enterprises to provide the service from the long-term perspective.
For the pilot project, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is working on educational materials, with the Seoul Support Center for Double-cropping in Life recruiting at-home education instructors. Those aged 50 or older are eligible for the position provided they have experiences in the area or strong commitment to social services.
Mayor Park Won Soon and Hong Benjamin, chairman of Cigna Foundation, signed a memorandum of understanding on the commitment at the mayors office on October 17, 2013.
For the first time in Korea, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is offering the Home Education Service for Seniors at Pre-Dementia Stage to prevent or delay the progress of their disease.At present, more than one in four (27.8%) of the senior population of Seoul or around 300,000 out of 1.1 million seniors in the city is known to have symptoms of mild cognitive decline, a stage right before dementia. The number is rapidly increasing.* As a stage between regular aging and early-stage Alzheimers disease, mild cognitive decline involves clear signs of decline in the cognitive ability of seniors but does not necessarily hamper their social, vocational, or personal functions.The Home Education Service for Seniors at Pre-Dementia Stage Project is designed to enable caregivers to offer seniors suffering from mild cognitive decline and with high risk of advancing to severe dementia stages at-home education service with specially developed home-study materials and learning tools. The purpose is to help them manage their daily lives on their own as long as possible.The service helps slow down the deterioration of cognitive ability of seniors, delay their advance into dementia stages, and boost their mental health through emotional empathy with caregivers. Ultimately, the Seoul Metropolitan Government expects to reduce social costs due to seniors dementia and cognitive decline.Most notably, the caregivers who provide at-home education to seniors suffering from cognitive decline are retired personnel. Therefore, the service also contributes to job creation among seniors in the city.The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to carry out the pilot project for the service in Central Seoul (Jung-gu) for 600 seniors until March 2015. Following reviews and adjustments, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will expand it to the rest of the metropolis and possibly to the entire nation by the central government.During the pilot project, the at-home education service is offered free of charge. From the long-term perspective, however, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to promote the coverage of the education service by the national health insurance scheme.Moreover, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is considering encouraging retired professionals to establish social enterprises to provide the service from the long-term perspective.For the pilot project, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is working on educational materials, with the Seoul Support Center for Double-cropping in Life recruiting at-home education instructors. Those aged 50 or older are eligible for the position provided they have experiences in the area or strong commitment to social services.For inquiries, contact the Job Bank Team, Seoul Support Center for Double-cropping in Life at +82-2-389-889 (http:// www.seoulsenior.or.kr).The pilot project is fully supported financially by the Cigna Foundation of Lina Life Insurance Company of Korea.Mayor Park Won Soon and Hong Benjamin, chairman of Cigna Foundation, signed a memorandum of understanding on the commitment at the mayors office on October 17, 2013.
Representatives of Northeast Asian cities in China, Japan, Mongolia, and Korea gathered in Seoul to discuss the environmental impacts of fine dust (PM-2.5/PM-10) in the region and find ways to reduce air pollutants across the region.On Thursday, October 17, Seoul Metropolitan Government hosted the 2013 Northeast Asian International Seminar on Air Quality Improvement in the Seoul Museum of History to find ways of making improvements in the air quality in major Northeast Asian cities through international collaboration.Themed Environmental Impact of Fine Dust in the Northeast Asian Region and Potential Solutions, the international seminar was co-hosted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, Korean Society for Atmospheric Environment, and East Asia Headquarters of ICLEI (International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives). The annual seminar is intended to boost collaboration among the major cities in the region on their endeavors to improve air quality in their cities.Apart from regular programs, the seminar also featured diverse product exhibits and publicity events as well as a marketplace for devices designed to improve air quality in the front yard of the seminar venue, the Seoul Museum of History.Seoul Metropolitan Government continues to do its best to improve its air quality aside from operating all-season water-based road cleaning vehicles to reduce dust generation during cleaning, it is replacing diesel buses and road-cleaning vehicles with CNG (compressed natural gas) vehicles. The city also gets other diesel vehicles equipped with pollution control devices or has them convert their energy source into LPG (liquefied petroleum gas) and implements the car-free weekday system throughout the city.As a result, the level of fine dust in Seoul fell to 41/ in 2012, the lowest since the start of measurement of fine dust levels in Seoul in 1995 when the level recorded 78/. Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to lower the level further to that of the most advanced cities 25/ by 2023.In addition to its measures against fine dust, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is taking various actions to reduce the generation of ultra-fine particles (UFPs), which are more hazardous to human health than fine dust. Since October 2013, it has been implementing the PM-2.5 alert system for the first time in Korea so that citizens can take proper precautionary measures in a timely manner.The fact of the matter is that the air quality in Seoul is heavily dependent on that in other Northeast Asian cities, most of which are densely populated with a large number of factories emitting pollutants into the air. Seoul is directly affected by yellow dust originating in China, too. Therefore, networking among major cities in the region is crucial to improving air quality in Seoul as is the case for any other city in Northeast Asia.We all know that air pollutants travel farther than many presume, easily across borders more often than not. Sooner or later, efforts of a single city to improve its air quality hit the wall. All cities and countries in Northeast Asia including those emitting relatively more pollutants than others must join hands to fight air pollution together.During the seminar, Seoul Metropolitan Government proposed enhancing collaboration among municipal governments in the region for more active exchanges of information, personnel, and technologies to improve air quality across the region.The mayor of Seoul had a special meeting with the vice mayor of Ulan Bator to discuss the fight against air pollution in the capital city of Mongolia where more than half of the countrys population (1.5 million out of 2.8 million) live and the execution of a memorandum of understanding for closer cooperation between Seoul and Ulan Bator on improvements in air quality in the two cities.
Mrs. Sun, an immigrant from China by marriage, gave birth to her second child, yet she was still having a hard time taking care of her newborn in Korea. She was contacted by the Public Health Center of Gangdong-gu about the Seoul At-home New Mom and Infant Care Program, and she gladly accepted the offer of help. Nurses visited her home to check the babys health and development and coach her on safe postnatal care and breastfeeding.The city of Seoul launched the Seoul At-home New Mom and Infant Care Program in July 2013 in three districts Gangbuk, Dongjak, and Gangdong as a pilot project. The program dispatches for up to 25 times nurses to the homes of impoverished new moms who are in need of desperate help.Public health centers in the three districts contacted new moms in underprivileged households so far, 1,861 new moms have registered for the service.The Seoul At-home New Mom and Infant Care Program is also available during pregnancy. The at-home care service continues until a baby turns two years old.Those qualified for the service include women from multicultural homes and low-incomehouseholds, new unmarried moms, pregnant women younger than 23, or those suffering from prenatal or postnatal depression or suicidal impulse. The service is divided into two categories depending on the status of new moms: general care is provided to all women qualified for the service, once or twice between pregnancy and four weeks of childbirth special care is offered to all the women in particular need of assistance, for a total of 25 times within two years of childbirth.Special care covers various issues including new moms psychological problems, communication with newborns, moms roles in babies different development stages, and suitable play for infants.General care includes education and counseling for about an hour, covering topics such as breastfeeding, soothing crying infants, and infants sleeping habits. The service is offered once or twice depending on the need of new moms and infants.The response to both general and special cares has been very positive during the first three months (July ~ October 2013) that the city government plans to continue the service and cover some new moms in the middle class, too.Meanwhile, district offices arrange for new moms eligible for special care to receive other social welfare services, too, including the government-subsidized new mom and newborn care services offered by private businesses and various benefits offered by multicultural family support centers or social welfare programs operated by dong offices.
Representatives of the worlds most innovative social economy cities and organizations are set to gather in Seoul to share their visions concerning the realization of the social economy and their experiences in the pursuit of social economy in their respective areas.
Seoul Metropolitan Government will host the GSEF 2013 (Global Social Economy Forum 2013) in central Seoul, including the multipurpose halls of the New City Hall and Seoul Citizens Hall, from Wednesday November 6th to Thursday November 7th.
Social economy refers to an economic system that is focused on improving the quality of life of every member of society using approaches centered on human-centered economy, mutual benefits and full cooperation, rather than fierce competition and the pursuit of profits. The organizations that drive the social economy include social enterprises, cooperatives and community (i.e. villages in Korea) enterprises.
The Seoul forum, the largest international event of its kind, will be attended by eight internationally renowned cities and regions including Bologna (Italy), Emilia Romagna (Italy), Quebec (Canada), Kyoto (Japan), Yokohama (Japan), Quezon (the Philippines), Bangkok (Thailand), and Seoul (South Korea) more than thirty overseas socioeconomic institutions including Lega Coop (an Italian cooperative federation), HKCSS (the Hong Kong Council of Social Service, which is responsible for coordinating NGOs in the social service field in Hong Kong), Social Traders Australia (an organization that supports the development of social enterprises), and Frances largest social enterprise SOS group as well as more than 100 domestic socioeconomic institutions.
The forum will kick off with an opening ceremony launched in the multipurpose hall in New City Hall on the morning of November 6. It will be followed by diverse enlightening programs including plenary sessions, invited sessions and breakout sessions, as well as exhibitions and hands-on experiences in which citizens are invited to take part.
Towards the end of the forum, the participants will put their heads together and make the Seoul Solidarity Declaration in a bid to reconfirm their commitment to the establishment of a strong global network for the realization of social economy across the globe.
The plenary session on November 6 will address the role of social economy in urban regeneration and its impact on societal well-being while the plenary session on the following day will hear the case studies of Quebec and London (two speakers), with an emphasis on crisis solutions and sustainable development through public-private joint governance. More than twenty invited sessions and breakout sessions will address a great variety of issues including urban agriculture, environmentally-friendly energy, consumer collaboration and GMOs (genetically modified organisms), fair trade, micro financing and corporate social contributions. Most notably, each of the nineteen breakout sessions will be moderated by experts representing a domestic and an overseas organization, respectively.
Seoul Metropolitan Government officials preparing for the international event say that social economy is emerging as a powerful means of social integration and local and regional economic reinvigoration. They went on to say that they expect the international event will serve as a very significant occasion for a number of influential players in social economy movements across the globe to share their valuable experiences and visions for the movements.
Representatives of the worlds most innovative social economy cities and organizations are set to gather in Seoul to share their visions concerning the realization of the social economy and their experiences in the pursuit of social economy in their respective areas.
Seoul Metropolitan Government will host the GSEF 2013 (Global Social Economy Forum 2013) in central Seoul, including the multipurpose halls of the New City Hall and Seoul Citizens Hall, from Wednesday November 6th to Thursday November 7th.
Social economy refers to an economic system that is focused on improving the quality of life of every member of society using approaches centered on human-centered economy, mutual benefits and full cooperation, rather than fierce competition and the pursuit of profits. The organizations that drive the social economy include social enterprises, cooperatives and community (i.e. villages in Korea) enterprises.
The Seoul forum, the largest international event of its kind, will be attended by eight internationally renowned cities and regions including Bologna (Italy), Emilia Romagna (Italy), Quebec (Canada), Kyoto (Japan), Yokohama (Japan), Quezon (the Philippines), Bangkok (Thailand), and Seoul (South Korea) more than thirty overseas socioeconomic institutions including Lega Coop (an Italian cooperative federation), HKCSS (the Hong Kong Council of Social Service, which is responsible for coordinating NGOs in the social service field in Hong Kong), Social Traders Australia (an organization that supports the development of social enterprises), and Frances largest social enterprise SOS group as well as more than 100 domestic socioeconomic institutions.
The forum will kick off with an opening ceremony launched in the multipurpose hall in New City Hall on the morning of November 6. It will be followed by diverse enlightening programs including plenary sessions, invited sessions and breakout sessions, as well as exhibitions and hands-on experiences in which citizens are invited to take part.
Towards the end of the forum, the participants will put their heads together and make the Seoul Solidarity Declaration in a bid to reconfirm their commitment to the establishment of a strong global network for the realization of social economy across the globe.
The plenary session on November 6 will address the role of social economy in urban regeneration and its impact on societal well-being while the plenary session on the following day will hear the case studies of Quebec and London (two speakers), with an emphasis on crisis solutions and sustainable development through public-private joint governance. More than twenty invited sessions and breakout sessions will address a great variety of issues including urban agriculture, environmentally-friendly energy, consumer collaboration and GMOs (genetically modified organisms), fair trade, micro financing and corporate social contributions. Most notably, each of the nineteen breakout sessions will be moderated by experts representing a domestic and an overseas organization, respectively.
Seoul Metropolitan Government officials preparing for the international event say that social economy is emerging as a powerful means of social integration and local and regional economic reinvigoration. They went on to say that they expect the international event will serve as a very significant occasion for a number of influential players in social economy movements across the globe to share their valuable experiences and visions for the movements.
Representatives of the worlds most innovative social economy cities and organizations are set to gather in Seoul to share their visions concerning the realization of the social economy and their experiences in the pursuit of social economy in their respective areas.Seoul Metropolitan Government will host the GSEF 2013 (Global Social Economy Forum 2013) in central Seoul, including the multipurpose halls of the New City Hall and Seoul Citizens Hall, from Wednesday November 6th to Thursday November 7th.Social economy refers to an economic system that is focused on improving the quality of life of every member of society using approaches centered on human-centered economy, mutual benefits and full cooperation, rather than fierce competition and the pursuit of profits. The organizations that drive the social economy include social enterprises, cooperatives and community (i.e. villages in Korea) enterprises.The Seoul forum, the largest international event of its kind, will be attended by eight internationally renowned cities and regions including Bologna (Italy), Emilia Romagna (Italy), Quebec (Canada), Kyoto (Japan), Yokohama (Japan), Quezon (the Philippines), Bangkok (Thailand), and Seoul (South Korea) more than thirty overseas socioeconomic institutions including Lega Coop (an Italian cooperative federation), HKCSS (the Hong Kong Council of Social Service, which is responsible for coordinating NGOs in the social service field in Hong Kong), Social Traders Australia (an organization that supports the development of social enterprises), and Frances largest social enterprise SOS group as well as more than 100 domestic socioeconomic institutions.The forum will kick off with an opening ceremony launched in the multipurpose hall in New City Hall on the morning of November 6. It will be followed by diverse enlightening programs including plenary sessions, invited sessions and breakout sessions, as well as exhibitions and hands-on experiences in which citizens are invited to take part.Towards the end of the forum, the participants will put their heads together and make the Seoul Solidarity Declaration in a bid to reconfirm their commitment to the establishment of a strong global network for the realization of social economy across the globe.The plenary session on November 6 will address the role of social economy in urban regeneration and its impact on societal well-being while the plenary session on the following day will hear the case studies of Quebec and London (two speakers), with an emphasis on crisis solutions and sustainable development through public-private joint governance. More than twenty invited sessions and breakout sessions will address a great variety of issues including urban agriculture, environmentally-friendly energy, consumer collaboration and GMOs (genetically modified organisms), fair trade, micro financing and corporate social contributions. Most notably, each of the nineteen breakout sessions will be moderated by experts representing a domestic and an overseas organization, respectively.Seoul Metropolitan Government officials preparing for the international event say that social economy is emerging as a powerful means of social integration and local and regional economic reinvigoration. They went on to say that they expect the international event will serve as a very significant occasion for a number of influential players in social economy movements across the globe to share their valuable experiences and visions for the movements.Those who are interested in the GSEF 2013 can register online at the GSEF 2013 website (registration@gsef2013.org) until Tuesday, October 29th.Registration Fees
The most popular walking tour course in Seoul turned out to be the Seoul City Wall (45%), followed by the back alleys in Jongno-gu (5.8%), Bukchon Hanok Village (4.9%), Namsan (Mountain) (3.4%), and the Hangang (River) (1.6%).Scoring of walking tour courses: walking environment, length, duration (3.69), convenient transportation links to neighboring tourist destinations (3.67), clean surroundings and pleasant atmosphere (3.56)  Relatively high points were given for physical infrastructure.Souvenirs (2.60), delivery of interesting information by means of storytelling, etc. (2.79), locals kindness (2.85)  Relatively low points were given for the use of human resources.Source: The Seoul Institute (2012), How to invigorate walking tours in Seoul
The taxi fare in Seoul was raised effective 4:00 AM on October 12. For regular taxis, the base fare was raised by 600 won, i.e., from 2,400 won to 3,000 won, with additional fare charged based on distance (raised from 100 won per 144 m to 100 won per 142 m) and no changes in the additional fare charged based on time. For deluxe and van taxis, the base fare was raised by 500 won, i.e., from 4,500 won to 5,000, with no change in the additional fare charged based on distance and time. The fare for mini taxis was not raised this time, though.For destinations outside Seoul, additional charge applies. The surcharge for midnight until 4:00 AM remains unchanged. The call charge for a call taxi was raised from 1,000 won per call to 2,000 only during midnight until 4:00 AM.All taxis in Seoul should re-adjust their meters within a month. A passenger using a taxi that has not readjusted its meter should pay 600 won in addition to the meter reading.The decision to raise the taxi fare was made after the session intended to listen to opinions at the Seoul Metropolitan Council, an open forum, and deliberation by the Price Stabilization Committee based on the result of the analysis of the transportation cost carried out in July in connection with the need to adjust to the changes in commodity prices and taxi drivers promise to improve the quality of service.
A telephone counselor at Seoul Call Center, Dasan 120 took an urgent call from a taxi driver, who informed her that a foreigner who rode his taxi was crying after losing a bag containing 20 million won. She then successfully helped them find the bag by mobilizing all sorts of efforts including translation service and calls to the relevant organizations.Another citizen, who filed a civil complaint after finding a dangerous hole on an aged pedestrian overpass in his village, posted it on the Seoul Mayors Twitter. Two days later, he received a reply: The hole has been fixed. A vacant lot in a residential neighborhood in Amsa-dong, which was piled high with trash, has been transformed into a village hotspot after civil servants proactively arbitrated dispute through the Seoul Metropolitan Governments online civil complaint service system.The handling of civil complaints which took a long time to resolve due to authorities slow response and which was considered a complicated process in the past, has been accelerated, with processing done more considerately as exemplified above. The Seoul Metropolitan Government published a compilation of civil complaint resolution cases titled Listening through the Heart, Answering by Touching the Heart, by gathering exemplary cases of civil complaints filed and resolved in 2012 as received through phone, online, and visits and publishing them in book form as essay-type stories that are fun to read.The new publication is characterized by its compilation of free-style, multi-dimensional essays, narrated from the perspective of the first person who is in charge of civil complaints handling and in a format that deviates from conventional publications. The book contains examples of the three major channels: Seoul Call Center, Dasan 120, which is highly sought after among citizens through its telephone civil complaint counseling service SNS-based civil complaint counseling which is drawing attention as a new communication channel for Seoul Metropolitan Government and SNS civil complaint/citizens suggestion service, which receives citizens ideas and reflects them on city administration, and civil complaint filing via online/visits to the office, considered the primary channel for civil complaint filing.Above all, the Seoul Call Center, Dasan 120 civil complaint counseling section offers cases of heartwarming dialogue between counselors at the center and citizens from the viewpoint of counselors who sincerely listen to the inconveniences and complaints faced by citizen callers even without seeing their faces and strive to address their needs. The SNS-based civil complaint counseling section carries through the vivid voices of citizens interesting experiences of inconveniences while living in Seoul being reported to the city government via SNS such as Twitter and Facebook and citizens ideas being reflected on city administration. The civil complaint filing online/visits to the office section describes the process wherein Seoul Metropolitan Government officials work hard to resolve inconveniences and civil complaints and communicate and empathize with citizens in a friendly manner thus continuing to build up trust from the civil servants perspective. Finding a foreigners lost bag containing 20 million won (Episode Seoul Call Center, Dasan 120, as experienced by a counselor)One day, a taxi driver made an urgent call. I had a foreigner as passenger, and he seemed to have lost an important thing. Would you help him out? Talking to the crying foreigner, I found out that he lost money amounting to about 20 million won and in a foreign land at that, where he can hardly communicate properly. Such misfortune hit him soon after his arrival at airport. I only wished to transform his misfortune into luck. Then, the taxi driver volunteered to extend a helping hand. While maintaining communication with me, he scrambled to find a clue he then discovered a sticker attached to the foreigners checked-in luggage. Judging that the money might have been left in the airport limousine bus that the foreigner took, he traced the bus depot. Finally, the foreigner was able to find his lost money and see his misfortune transform into luck. A taxi driver who helped find a foreigners lost bag on the first day of the foreigners arrival in Korea. Whenever he carries his bag, the foreigner will remember Seoul as a warmhearted city for the rest of his life.  Mayor, the pedestrian overpass has a hole on it! (Case of a citizen using SNS-based civil complaint counseling service)There is a very old pedestrian overpass in my village. As usual, I was climbing the steps to the overpass to take a bus when I spotted a big hole created by the corrosion of steel on the steps. Thinking that it could cause a serious accident, I decided to inform the authorities. I instantly thought of using Twitter. I sent a Twitter message to the mayor since I had seen other Twitter users send requests or submit suggestions. Mayor, there is a hole on an overpass on Mallijaero road! Days later, I was walking down the street to take a bus when I found from a distance a herd of people using a crane to fix the hole on the overpass. I then received a reply: The hole has been fixed. Even now, the thought that the Seoul Metropolitan Government listened carefully to what I said via Twitter makes me feel good inside. Garbage dumpsite turns into weekend farm There was an infamous empty lot in a residential neighborhood in Amsa-dong. The mountain of living and construction waste and all different harmful bugs including mosquitoes and flies was an unpleasant sight to the residents. Civil complaints were filed en masse, with the ward office ordering the owner of the land to clear the site in compliance with the Act on waste management. The ward office received only an answer of despair from the owner, who said he could not afford to pay more than 10 million won to have the trash removed. Civil servants could not leave the site as it is, however. Thus, they met with the land owner a number of times to discuss measures to solve the problem. They then came up with a great idea: Lets cultivate the site as an eco-friendly farming garden. We cleaned the empty lot full of trash, worked hard to cultivate the land, and ended up creating an eco-friendly farming garden filled with frogs and grasshoppers. The citizens liked it because they were each allocated a parcel of land as vegetable garden, and the land owner was able to save on the cost of removing the trash. Once an eyesore to the villagers, the area had been transformed into a hotspot in Amsa-dong.
To meet such need of the citizens, Seoul Metropolitan Government has staged Mysterious Time Traveler, an outdoor theater play. It presents Hangang (River) as a vehicle for the trip to the countrys past.
Mysterious Time Traveler features exciting historical stories about the river and seeks to have direct communication with the audience. It is a new form of Korean open door theater that breathes together with spectators.
The program is part of The Seoul Metropolitan Government Tourist Attraction Development through the Storytelling Project. Specifically, the program falls under the Hangang (River) Region, one of the five major focus areas of the project.
The Seoul Metropolitan government plans to make the Mysterious Time Traveler performance the starting point of the J-Bug Museum and Ttukseom Hangang Park, which is emerging ras a major tourist attraction of Seoul where residents and tourists alike can take a good rest while enjoying cultural activities against the backdrop of the beautiful scenery of Hangang (River).
The performance in the J-Bug is a fusion period drama featuring Koreas major historical figures against the backdrop of the river regardless of the time period where they belong.
The characters in the drama include: Sondol, a sailor during the Goryeo Dynasty Prince Hyoreong (King Sejongs elder brother) and a royal pavilion called Mangwonjeong along Hangang (River) during the Joseon Dynasty Heungseon Daewongun, a regent of the Joseon Dynasty and an episode of Hakuseon Ship, and Ahn Chang-nam, the countrys first pilot who did a stunt flying over the sky above Hangang (River) in the 1920s.
The theater performance is also accompanied by mesmerizing performances by taffy sellers, street musicians, and Bukcheong water sellers, the most renowned water sellers in the country from an area called Bukcheong.
The accompanying performances most effectively function as attention getters for the theater performance among park visitors as well as natural guides to the site of the theater performance.
The event will be an exciting opportunity for children to learn about the countrys history in a very fun way. Adults will also get the chance to look back into the past with some nostalgia. Finally, the audience will be able to overcome the generational gaps and feel much closer among themselves. Come and enjoy the performance and a whole lot more in and around J-Bug Museum.
Demand for Healing is gaining momentum in Korea as people want to look back into their hectic journey so far and take a deep breath before continuing on their voyage into the future.To meet such need of the citizens, Seoul Metropolitan Government has staged Mysterious Time Traveler, an outdoor theater play. It presents Hangang (River) as a vehicle for the trip to the countrys past.Mysterious Time Traveler features exciting historical stories about the river and seeks to have direct communication with the audience. It is a new form of Korean open door theater that breathes together with spectators.The performance is staged every Saturday until October 26, 2012 at 12:00 noon and 7 oclock in the evening.The program is part of The Seoul Metropolitan Government Tourist Attraction Development through the Storytelling Project. Specifically, the program falls under the Hangang (River) Region, one of the five major focus areas of the project.The Seoul Metropolitan government plans to make the Mysterious Time Traveler performance the starting point of the J-Bug Museum and Ttukseom Hangang Park, which is emerging ras a major tourist attraction of Seoul where residents and tourists alike can take a good rest while enjoying cultural activities against the backdrop of the beautiful scenery of Hangang (River).The performance in the J-Bug is a fusion period drama featuring Koreas major historical figures against the backdrop of the river regardless of the time period where they belong.The characters in the drama include: Sondol, a sailor during the Goryeo Dynasty Prince Hyoreong (King Sejongs elder brother) and a royal pavilion called Mangwonjeong along Hangang (River) during the Joseon Dynasty Heungseon Daewongun, a regent of the Joseon Dynasty and an episode of Hakuseon Ship, and Ahn Chang-nam, the countrys first pilot who did a stunt flying over the sky above Hangang (River) in the 1920s.The theater performance is also accompanied by mesmerizing performances by taffy sellers, street musicians, and Bukcheong water sellers, the most renowned water sellers in the country from an area called Bukcheong.The accompanying performances most effectively function as attention getters for the theater performance among park visitors as well as natural guides to the site of the theater performance.The audience can also have their pictures taken with the actors and actresses following the performance.The event will be an exciting opportunity for children to learn about the countrys history in a very fun way. Adults will also get the chance to look back into the past with some nostalgia. Finally, the audience will be able to overcome the generational gaps and feel much closer among themselves. Come and enjoy the performance and a whole lot more in and around J-Bug Museum.
The City of Seoul will select 100 representative Seoul tourism souvenirs for domestic and foreign tourists. A total of 130 souvenirs symbolizing Seoul will be displayed. Visitors are asked to attach stickers to the ten best items selected by them. It is a way of voting. Lots will also be drawn for the distribution of small souvenirs to foreign participants. The souvenirs will be exhibited at Cheongwadae Sarangchae (9.28~29), the Myeongdong Global Culture & Tourism Center (10.4~10.6), and Seoul Citizens Hall (9.28~29).In order to differentiate the new souvenirs from the kinds of souvenirs that were developed as handicrafts in the past and to develop superior tourism souvenirs that are both symbolic and practical, the Seoul held its first representative Seoul tourism souvenir contest from June 10th to September 6th of this year.As a result, 266 superior items were accepted from 180 companies and submitted for an initial screening followed by a selection process conducted by experts to whittle the number down to 130. By reflecting the evaluation result and the experts screening result, the 100 highest-rated goods will be selected in a final screening by experts.For the contest, the souvenir themes were organized into to seven selected categories including Seoul City Wall, Hanok Village, Seoul City Hall, Seoul Metropolitan Library, Seoul Citizens Hall, Dongdaemun Design Plaza, and Seoul (Korean, English, pictographs), as well as a free theme related to the image and characteristics of Seoul. Prices range from middle low (less than KRW 30,000) to high (from KRW 30,000 up to KRW 100,000).The 100 selected souvenirs of Seoul will be made available for purchase in souvenir shops run by Seoul Metropolitan Government, public and private organizations, and online shopping malls, with the active support of public relations aimed at boosting sales. They will also be awarded the certification mark of Seoul and placed on sale in souvenir shops related to the city of Seoul including Seoul Citizens Hall, Cheongwadae Sarangchae, Design tag and etc as well as souvenir shops run by public and private organizations.
Seoul TOPIS (Transport Operation & Information Service) has announced the opening of the era of TOPIS 3.1. As a service that has transformed intra-city buses which were unpopular among citizens due to irregular intervals and speeding into punctual, reliable bus service that enables citizens to keep their appointments, TOPIS applies for the first time in the world a scientific method utilizing hi-tech IT to the management of intra-city bus operation in Seoul.During the TOPIS 1.0 era in 2004, TOPIS heralded the advent of cutting-edge transportation boasting of a system that gathers various traffic information including speed, traffic volume, and visual images and helps manage road situations and respond to them in real time. Later, it started to generate various services including smartphone apps through the opening and sharing of bus operation information during the TOPIS 2.0 era that began in 2008. The system, through collaboration, is set to manage urban safety smartly, materialize the forecasting of future traffic situations including traffic forecast, and enable the city to gain economic benefits through its export in earnest to foreign markets in the TOPIS 3.0 era.To maximize collaboration in the TOPIS 3.0 era and sales effect of the service, TOPIS relocated its headquarters from the Jongno Fire Station where the space is narrow and the facilities are outdated to underground level 3 of the city hall building.As a result, TOPIS is now equipped with an urban management system that integrates Seoul TOPIS + Disaster Situation Room + Chungmu Confidentiality Room. Through collaboration, the city plans to conduct integrated monitoring and smart management of traffic, disasters, and emergency situations thoroughly 24 hours a day, including developing it into a mecca for the services export where visitors can experience Seoul transportation, technical assistance, and human network exchanges at a one-stop location.For instance, through coexistence and collaboration between Seoul TOPIS + Disaster Situation Room, which previously operated independently, TOPIS has integrated a total of 849 screens including traffic and hi-tech disaster prevention equipment thus thoroughly managing every corner in the city including streets and streams and concurrently presenting information on disasters including water levels at streams, torrential rains, and heavy snowfall in traffic information signboards.The system also allows for traffic forecast that can predict tomorrows traffic situation just like weather forecast by using big data that has accumulated for more than 10 years. It will inform citizens of optimum detour routes in advance in case traffic is controlled due to rallies and events in the city center.The Intelligence Transport System (ITS) of Seoul has built a reputation as a top-rated technology in the world, as evidenced by visits to the facility by more than 10,000 distinguished people from foreign countries including presidents, ministers and vice ministers, ranking officials, and traffic experts over the past six years. The export of the system will also be pursued in earnest through partnership with private companies.The city government disclosed the site of Seoul TOPIS on September 12 and announced the Seoul TOPIS 3.0 vision that calls for these and other plans.With TOPIS at the new city hall building, citizens can have an overview of changes and development of transportation in Seoul through a photo exhibit. They can also get a three-dimensional view of the hi-tech transportation in the city by wearing 3-D movie glasses, which help boost their curiosity.Presented by the city government as blueprint on the day, TOPIS 3.0 has three major visions: smart urban management through collaboration between traffic and disaster functions increased assistance for the export of Seouls hi-tech transportation system through the collaboration between the public and private sectors, and forecast of and preparation for future traffic situations through collaboration between transportation and big data under the theme Now embracing an era of collaboration, after the era of opening beyond the era of cutting-edge.
For a while now, cars bearing the Seoul Nanum (Sharing) Car logo are frequently spotted in Seoul streets. They are part of the Seoul-style passenger car sharing service that has been implemented since February, and the city has decided to expand the service significantly by year end.According to Seoul Metropolitan Government (City Transportation Headquarters), the number of Nanum Car users exceeded 100,000 last month a total of 100,415 people used the service as of September 2013 or 680 people on the average per day. The city plans to increase the number of Nanum Cars in service from 618 units to 1,000 by year end.As a passenger car sharing service implemented by Seoul Metropolitan City in collaboration with private-sector firms, Nanum Car aims at easing traffic congestion, addressing the shortage of parking spaces, and spreading the sharing culture in the transportation sector. Recently, the service ranked fifth among the most necessary policies for Seoul citizens for the first half of 2013.Nanum Cars are classified into two main types: ordinary vehicles and electric vehicles. Ordinary vehicles have been in service through partnerships with two companies since February this year, whereas electric vehicles have been provided through partnerships with four companies since May this year. Currently, a total of 618 cars are operating from 343 parking lots in the city or 1.8 vehicles per parking lot.In a consumer satisfaction survey targeting 2,803 randomly selected people (13 people on the average per day) among Seoul citizens who used the Nanum Car service from February to August this year, 89 percent of the respondents considered the service satisfactory. In response to the results of the survey, i.e., citizens hoped to have more Nanum Cars available, Seoul Metropolitan Government has decided to increase in phases the number of Nanum Cars to 1,000 by year end.For starters, the city will expand the service by placing 130 additional vehicles by October at 5 city government buildings Mapo, Guro, Eunpyeong, Seongdong, and Seocho ward offices and public parking lots run by ward offices in partnership with private companies. Subsequently, the city plans to deploy by December an additional batch of more than 300 cars including electric vehicles primarily in parking lots run by ward offices and private commercial parking lots to expand the Nanum Car service significantly.When that happens, the number of Nanum Cars in service in the city will increase from 618 cars deployed at 343 parking lots as of September 2013 to a total of 1,000 vehicles at over 600 parking lots at year end. This will bring the number of cars deployed per administrative dong from 1.5 to 2.4 in the 423 dongs in the city, enabling more citizens to use Nanum Cars conveniently and at nearer locations.How to Use the Seoul Nanum Car Service1. Selection of Nanum Car service operators required to sign up for membership 
 Companies eligible to sign up for membership as service providers will be determined by comparing the information on Nanum Car branches and terms of service on Seoul Metropolitan Governments Transport Operation and Information Service website and private operators websites.2. Signing up for membership 
A new Seoul Forest (15,793 m2) was opened in Ulan Bator, Mongolia in an effort to halt rapid desertification and to introduce Koreas advanced landscaping skills throughout the world. Seoul Forest was formed with many trees and Korean traditional landscaping facilities in the Bayanzurkh wasteland in southeast Mongolia, announced the Seoul Metropolitan Government. The Seoul Forest has been developed under the sister city agreement signed between Seoul Metropolitan Government and Ulan Bator, the capital of Mongolia. The initiative actually began in 2010 with a prize contest to design the forest, in accordance with the agreement signed in June 2009 between the two cities for closer environmental and economic cooperation. The work started in April 2012 with a working design  drawn up over a period of almost two years  that is based on the beauty of Korean traditional gardens. Seoul Forest boasts many typically Korean features including a Korean traditional pavilion with a pond, a terraced flowerbed, a Korean-type wall, and two Haechi Statues (an imaginary animal of Korean mythology) among other things. The Bayanzurkh National Park of Ulan Bator, in which Seoul Forest has been established, has been planted with 725 trees of 10 species including white birches, 1,155 shrubs and plants of 5 species, and 2,580 fruit trees, etc. All the components of the facilities were made in Korea before being transported to the forest for assembly. Seoul Forest in Mongolia is the second project to introduce Seoul following the establishment of Seoul Street in downtown Ulan Bator in 1996 pursuant to the sister city agreement between the two cities. The opening celebration took place on Tuesday, September 10, with the mayor and vice mayor of Ulan Bator and the Director-General of Green Seoul in attendance. To introduce the beauty of Korean parks throughout the world, the Seoul City Government developed a Seoul Forest in six locations  including Cairo, Paris, and Berlin in five countries. The city government is planning to develop another such forest in Tashkent, Uzbekistan by the end of this year. 
Hangul Gaon-gil means the Hangul (Korean alphabet) Center Road designated by the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) to promote the excellence of Hangul across the world. The 1.8 kilometer-long road starts in Saemunan-ro 3-gil and ends in Saejong-daero 23-gil.
The road is full of a great variety of intriguing episodes and stories about Hangul, which was created by King Sejong some 570 years ago. They include Hangul once used as secret codes and Great Hangul advocate Ju Si-gyeongs extraordinary love of hangul.
The SMG has created Hangul Gaon-gil with plenty of Hangul tourism resources installed along the road including The Ten Hangul Episodes (inscribed on street structures) on the Creation of Hangul, Hangul Hide-and-seek for 18 Hangul artworks, Hangul Story Panels, and Hangul Story Maps.
As a walking tour, the Hangul Gaon-gil Storytelling Tour is a combination of the traditional tourism resources of the time-honored area in Central Seoul with the city administrations newly developed Hangul tourism resources.On October 6, 2013, the tour program debuts in the form of a tour experience event with historical reenactments at major points along the road as well as Hangul hide-and-seek and a lot more.
On that day, walking tours start every ten minutes between 11:00 and 18:00. Foreign residents and tourists are welcome. Storytellers who are fluent in English, Chinese, and Japanese will lead international tour groups.
In addition to regular onsite registration, foreigners are allowed to make e-mail reservations (sjhyeoun@naver.com) as well if they want to participate in a tour precisely at their preferred time.Special programs prepared for the day include free printing of participants pictures of Hangul artworks hidden along the route and presentation of Hangul souvenir to each and every participant. Come and join us. You will learn a lot about Hangul, a prized cultural heritage and the biggest source pride of this country and its people, and have plenty of fun.
From now on, new buildings with total floor space of 100,000  or more and built in Seoul Metropolitan Government and urban redevelopment projects measuring 90,000  each are obligated to source 10 percent or more of their energy needs from renewable energy and 50 percent or more of lighting from high-efficiency LED.  The stricter requirements for the installation of renewable energy and high-efficiency LED lighting are based on the July 11 announcement of the change to Standards of review for environmental impact assessment. 
Energy-saving cases Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) announced that it would award incentives worth 460 million won as well as certification as high energy-saving building to 92 buildings that have posted achievements in energy saving through aggressive investment in the improvement of energy facilities and 13 excellent power-saving sites that spearheaded energy-saving campaigns during winter. By calculating the volume of energy use including electricity, city gas, and tap water as the volume of greenhouse gas emission among Eco Mileage group member buildings, the city selected 92 high energy-efficiency buildings in the first half of 2013 by evaluating energy saving records and cases of buildings that saved more than 10 percent energy compared to the same period for the two previous years. It will provide financial incentives of up to 4 million won per building, or a combined total of 296 million won. According to SMG, it evaluated 3,300 Eco Mileage group members subject to evaluation this time and found that the volume of greenhouse gas emission declined 3.3 percent from the previous year this is equivalent to approx. 90,000 tons (91,646 tons) reduction of greenhouse gas. In addition, more than 2,100 buildings or 64 percent of the 3,300 member buildings were found to have contributed to greenhouse gas reduction through energy-saving activities. The volume is equivalent to the amount of greenhouse gas absorbed by 14 million 30-year-old pine trees for 1 year. Calculated in terms of energy, it amounts to 30,000 TOE, a volume of energy that can power 40,000 passenger cars for 1 year. We will expand diverse forms of assistance and incentives to member buildings that take the lead in energy-saving campaigns, including the subsidy of costs for various projects to improve energy efficiency, Seoul Metropolitan Government said.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced that it is the first municipality in Korea to pay a subsidy according to the volume of electricity to be generated for five years following the installation of small solar power plants with an output of 50 kW or less each. The measure forms part of its Sunshine City Seoul campaign, and represents the citys push to proactively address the situation wherein organizations in the city have been reluctant to install solar power plants in the Seoul region due to the relatively shorter duration of sunlight in Seoul compared with other regions, high construction costs, and higher rents. The solar energy assistance policy was changed from the Feed-in-Tariff (FIT) method to the Renewable Portfolio Standard (RPS) method, a system for promoting competition between power plants, in 2012. As a result, smaller solar power producers with inferior price competiveness have seen their operational conditions deteriorate. To address this problem and to promote the installation of small solar power plants in Seoul, the city has decided to provide the new subsidy. The city, which recently completed the largest solar power plant in the greater Seoul region, at the Amsa Arisu Water Purification Center, said, The new assistance system has been introduced to assist small solar power plant operators run by cooperatives managed directly by citizens, which face difficulties due to the geological characteristics of the city and intensified competition with large-scale power plants, adding, We hope that the assistance system will encourage more citizens to participate more actively, and thus lead to the installation of more small solar power plants in the Seoul region.
The 2013 Seoul Maeul Expo opens its doors on Friday and Saturday, September 27~28, 2013 in and around Seoul Plaza, Seoul Citizens Hall, and Myugyoro. The exposition is planned and prepared by the village residents themselves who have preserved the spirit of Koreas traditional communities. The exposition features 23 activities representative of peoples lives in villages in Korea. It is expected to serve as an opportunity for village residents to learn about other communities including others success cases as well as expand their network among themselves. To ordinary citizens, the exposition will become a valuable chance to familiarize themselves with village life in Seoul through many exciting hands-on experiences. Seoul Plaza will largely feature Village Life Experiences. Mugyo-ro will present a traditional Korean marketplace in addition to numerous affordable eatery options. Village Radio Station will be set up and run by a total of nine village radio stations in train-like space. It will show children how radio programs are made and give them opportunities to work as DJs, something they could dream about and hope for the future. According to an official of the Seoul Metropolitan Government, who is in charge of the event, it will be a great opportunity for citizens to bring their children or neighbors to visit dozens of spots to see and experience and enjoy a diverse set of successful programs being operated by the villages in Seoul. Citizens will find life in a village very attractive, he added. A visitor who gets seven Experience Stamps on the leaflet received at the information booth will be given My Own Button elaborately made with his/her photo taken at the site. All experiences are free. Note, however, that visitors are charged 1,000 ~ 2,000 for materials necessary for the relevant experiences. Major programs of the 2013 Seoul Maeul Expo include: Seven-Color Village Imaginary Experiences Maeul Broadcasting Station Maeul Enterprise Hanmadang (a big festival) Maeul Debate Maeul Grand Chorus, and One Thousand Maeul Activities Photo Exhibit. The key facility for the exposition is the Seven-Color Village Imaginary Experience Yard to be created to enable visitors to understand diverse village activities such as joint child care, environmental protection, cultural activities, urban agriculture, and cooperatives through hands-on experiences.  Radio Booth (imaginary sketch) Following the Experience Programs at Seoul Plaza, expo visitors are recommended to head to Village Marketplace set up along Mugyo-ro to enjoy diverse Korean foods. The Energy Car remodeled by the residents of Seongdaegol Energy Self-reliant Village is expected to draw particular attention from visitors. The car generates electricity from solar panels installed on the car roof and bike power generator. Snacks including fried eggs are cooked with energy obtained from these sources. As bonus for the happy occasion, free cotton candy is offered to each customer.  Seongdaegol Energy Car Exciting performances include: Prehistoric Times Performance by Gukak Naru, a cultural and artistic social enterprise featuring the clothing, percussion, and dancing during the prehistoric times on the peninsula e-Rurie Band from Seodaemun-gu joining hands with Korea Breakers, a B-boying group for the occasion, and Green Frog Band supported by Jeulgeounga (Are you pleased?) in Songpa-gu. They will surely make the exposition an even more exciting one. 
If an idea strikes you, like, It would be great if this can be implemented as policy, since it would benefit many citizens, while riding the bus, walking down the street, or visiting a community service center, kindly visit Seoul City Hall and present such suggestion on September 28. Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon as well as Assistant Mayors, Deputy Mayors and Director Generals at the Seoul Metropolitan Government will install at the city hall 14 booths on all fields of city administration including transportation, environment, and welfare and receive citizens throughout the day. The city government announced that it would be holding the Policy Idea Market, which marks its second year this year, for 8 hours from 10 am to 6 pm on Saturday, September 28. Held as part of the Hope Seoul Idea Expo 2013 the Policy Idea Market is an event wherein citizens are invited to suggest policy ideas freely. Notably, this years event serves as an occasion wherein not only senior Seoul Metropolitan Government officials but also more than 20 experts from the private sector including college professors and researchers gather together, review ideas, and deliberate on them. The event has also been organized such that citizens are able to suggest ideas of similar nature at a single booth by integrating into and placing as single booths those issues from which many ideas are suggested by citizens and which are related to each other, including welfare and women, housing and urban planning, and safety and infrastructure. Booths where more citizens suggest ideas including those on transportation, welfare, and housing are set up to be larger in size and placed closer to the entrance to allow citizens to find them easily. Mayor Park Won Soon will visit different booths, listen to citizens suggestions, and reply to them in person on the day. Applications for counseling on ideas can be made at the venue on the day if one suggests an idea via the Hope Seoul Idea Expo 2013 website (http://ideaexpo.seoul.go.kr) in advance, however, the idea will be relayed to the respective offices, headquarters, and bureaus prior to the event. The citizens who suggest such ideas will then be able to get more in-depth answers onsite at the venue. Even if one makes an application in advance, however, the suggested idea will only be valid if one receives onsite counseling on the day. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will check with the offices and departments in charge whether the ideas suggested on the day will be reflected on policy and announce the results within 15 days. If an idea is reflected as Seoul Metropolitan Citys policy, the citizen who suggests the idea will be given a gift certificate worth 50,000 ~ 100,000 won. Exceptionally great ideas suggested will be recommended as candidates for the citizens suggestion category of Hope Seoul Creativity Awards in December. The winning idea will earn the proposer 1 ~ 4 million won in prize money. In addition, citizens who visited the site on the day will be able to view exhibits and figure out how many and in what ways ideas deemed excellent at the Policy Idea Market 2012 are being implemented. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will also display through illustrations citizens ideas that were adopted and implemented as policy for the past two years. Of the ideas suggested through last years Policy Idea Market, Improvement of audio announcement made when the credit balance remaining in the bus pass card is insufficient was adopted as policy it is currently being implemented on a trial basis.
For the first time ever, the Seoul Metropolitan Government won the United Nations Public Service Awards (UNPSA) in four out of five categories in 2013. Programs that brought recognition to Seoul Metropolitan Government include: Seoul Welfare Standards for fostering citizens participation in public policy decision making Eco-Mileage System for fostering citizens participation through innovative mechanisms Comprehensive initiatives for female single-person households for the gender-responsive delivery of public services, and Anti-corruption clean construction system for preventing and combating corruption in public services. UNPSA is the most prestigious international institution recognizing excellence in public service. In 2013, the entire Asia and the Pacific region were given 12 awards. Seoul Metropolitan Government won one third of them  4 awards. It is the largest number of UNPSA awards ever to be given to a single organization. Seoul has also emerged as an entity that has received the most number of awards from UNPSA ever since its inception.  Universal welfare standards enabled by and for the citizens of Seoul Seoul Metropolitan Governments Seoul Welfare Standards were recognized in UNPSA Category 3, Fostering participation in public policy decision making through innovative mechanisms. The standards reflect the characteristics of Seoul, a first by any municipal or provincial government in the country. They take into account the actual prices and standards of living of the citys residents. The standards are the citizens Welfare Charter and the city governments Welfare Guidelines that guarantee a decent life for the citizens regardless of the circumstances. The fact that a large number of citizens have participated in the establishment of the standards  including 162 private-public governance meetings  impressed the UN evaluation group. Seoul was also rated highly for having held a 1,000-citizen roundtable discussion for the final review of the standards. Through the standards, Seoul Metropolitan Government has established both the minimum level of life that must be guaranteed for its citizens and the appropriate level of life recommended for citizens to enjoy quality life in five major areas: income, housing, care, health, and education. Seoul has come up with a total of 102 specific programs necessary to guarantee a decent level of life for its citizens, and one of them is Seoul-Type Basic Livelihood Security. Eco-Mileage System for engaging citizens in GHG emissions reduction effortsLike the Seoul Welfare Standards, Seoul Metropolitan Governments Eco-Mileage was also recognized in UNPSA Category 3, Fostering participation in public policy decision making through innovative mechanisms. The mileage program is aimed at reducing GHG emissions and global warming. It is also the key element of One Less Nuclear Power Plant, which is being promoted by Seoul Metropolitan Government as its flagship energy policy goal. Subscription to the program is easy. Any household or business in town can become a member online through a simple procedure. Seoul Metropolitan Government checks Eco-Mileage members consumption of energy  including electricity, water, LNG, and district heating  and discloses the information online so that members can trace the changes in their energy consumption. As incentives for citizens energy conservation efforts, the city government offers LED lamps, power-saving multi-taps, and transportation card charge rights (called T-coin)  all eco-friendly products  to individuals. It provides businesses with the funds necessary to enhance energy efficiency and plant trees.  Comprehensive initiative for women of single-person households In UNPSA Category 5, Promoting the gender-responsive delivery of public services, Seoul Metropolitan Governments comprehensive initiative for female single-person households was selected. Previously, the municipal policy focused on the traditional concept of families. The reality is that Seoul is witnessing a change in social fabric and an increasing number of single-female households (450,000 persons). The initiative is widely recognized as Seouls representative policy attempting to cope preemptively with the rapidly changing demographics of Seoul. The city begins with providing small public rental housing exclusively for single-female households. In addition, the city government transforms old unused public buildings into multi-use buildings exclusively for single-female households dubbed Safe Houses for Single Females. It also constructs Dormitories Exclusively for Female College Students near colleges and universities in town. To prevent crimes targeting females, the city government offers single-female households the Home Anti-Theft Service in collaboration with a professional security company at minimal costs. It also runs the Safe Package Delivery Service for females. For females who have to take the bus late at night, the Safe Return Home Service is provided. In addition, the city government supports online single-female household communities and helps single female households set up businesses. It has opened a professional clinic exclusive for women in a well-established general hospital.  Anti-corruption clean construction system In UNPSA Category 1, Preventing and combating corruption in public service, Seoul Metropolitan Governments anti-corruption clean construction system was particularly rated highly for its computerized management system. The online system consists of the Integrated Construction Information System that manages municipal projects systematically and scientifically, Construction Declarer that discloses all information related to public works, and Payment e-Immediately that discloses and oversees the payment processes from the prime contractor to subcontractors to protect the latters rights. One-PMIS (Project Management Information System) is designed to enable the city government to manage all of its construction projects systematically. Everyone related to each project can share information on the materials, manpower, and equipment of the project in real time thus guaranteeing systematic project management and transparent construction administration at the same time. Most notably, Payment e-Immediately ensures that a prime contractor has paid its subcontractors and materials and equipment vendors as well as its workers before receiving monthly progress payments from the city government. In collaboration with financial institutions, the monthly payments are made instantly to the prime contractor once all its payables are settled. This system has already been borrowed not just by regional governments such as Busan Metropolitan City but also by central government agencies and even private businesses in Korea. Thus, the system is contributing greatly to fair trade and shared growth in the construction industry in Korea. 
In celebration of the 10th Energy Day on August 22 (Thu) organized by the Citizens Association for Saving Energy, Seoul will be switching off its lights from 20:30 to 21:05. Seoul Metropolitan Government has begun an energy-saving campaign this April to encourage public offices, homes, and offices to switch off their lights for 1 hour every 22nd of the month. The movement will be promoted in conjunction with another energy-saving campaign called Lights off for Happiness. The ceremony will be hosted by the Citizens Association for Saving Energy at 20:00. Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon, the Minister of Trade, Industry, and Energy, and the Minister of Environment will be gracing the event. The save energy declaration and unplugging performance were carefully organized to draw more participants among the citizens. The energy consumption drop from 20:30 to 21:05 will be announced later. A single citizen turning the lights off for five minutes may not be much, but if we can get 10 million citizens to participate, we can make history. We hope to see more citizens take part in the movement by turning the lights off from 20:00 to 21:00 every 22nd of the month, a Seoul official said.
The number of Green buildings realizing a fresh, healthy residential environment through efficient energy use and creation of eco-friendly environment is increasing in Seoul. Seoul Metropolitan Government saw the number of buildings that acquired green building certification (green buildings) increase sharply over the past 10 years. The number of buildings that acquired certification increased from only 1 in 2004 to 53 cases on the average per year over the past three years. Moreover, out of 10,452,000 new buildings (authorized for occupancy, total floor space) over the past three years (2010 ~ 2012), 35 percent (based on total floor space) or 3,645,000 acquired certification as green buildings, with eco-friendly buildings robustly spreading in the city. The green building certification system has been implemented since 2002. Buildings are classified into four grades from the top (Green Grade 1) to the ordinary (Green Grade 4) through general evaluation in seven categories including land use, transportation, energy, environmental pollution, and indoor environment of buildings. According to Seoul Metropolitan Government, buildings consume 56 percent (as of 2011) of energy, and 83 percent of electricity that is consumed in Seoul. Thus, increasing the energy efficiency of buildings, rather than short-term energy-saving campaigns, is a fundamental solution to the power supply crisis in recent months, and it is important to construct green buildings designed to save energy, it said. We urge more building owners to participate in the certification of green buildings, which are entitled to tax benefits and financial assistance for certification costs, it added.
Research showed that more than half of the hand dryers installed in public bathrooms in Seoul City subway stations and parks, etc., are wasting electricity when they emit warm wind in the scorching summer weather. Hand dryers are prone to be plugged in 24hours power should be cut off when they are not in use to prevent wastage of standby power, but one out of three hand dryers that were researched showed that their power sockets are reclaimed, which made unplugging impossible. Seoul Metropolitan Government unplugged all hand dryers in their offices as of the end of June. Korean Railroad Corporations Western Metropolitan Headquarter also decided to unplug some hand dryers in their 300-something bathrooms in 82stations during their special summertime energy conservation period (6.1~9.20). Together with the Citizens Coalition for Restroom Culture, Seoul Metropolitan Government is waging the campaign to use handkerchiefs instead of hand dryers and paper towels. TheLets Use Handkerchief Campaigninvolves putting 10,000 using my handkerchief: a small action to conserve energy stickers in public bathrooms in public facilities, department stores, subway station, park, etc., handing out handkerchiefs, etc. Using hand dryers that emit warm wind, which is unseasonal, will not only be inconvenient for users but also has negative consequences since it puts more load on air conditioning and consequently causes electricity shortage. Therefore, Seoul Metropolitan Government has unplugged all bathroom hand dryers of our offices as of June 27, a source at Seoul Metropolitan Government said. He urged people to join the campaign, adding that using handkerchiefs instead of hand dryers or paper towels will save electricity and our forests.
Ten winners of the Seoul Mayors Award and Citizens Award and who enhanced the image of the city will be inducted into the Hall of Famers, which will be installed at Seoul Metropolitan Governments Citizens Hall. The measure has been taken to exhibit photos and statues to allow many people to view the honorees and learn their contributions. Seoul Metropolitan Government has also decided to name public facilities, plazas, and streets after the real or symbolic name of the winners of such prizes to boost their fame and pride. As for the awards, the city will improve consensus among its citizens by allowing them to discover and recommend candidates on their own while ending the conventional practice of recommendation by city agencies. It will also add new areas of citation by expanding the scope of awardees to organizations and facilities as well as people. According to Seoul Metropolitan Government, it comprehensively analyzed the limitations and problems with the conventional citation system and prepared a general plan to improve the Seoul Metropolitan Government citation system to have it focus on citizens participation and collaborative rule by private and public sectors and implement a plan that includes the above and other measures. To date, more than 5,000 citizens have been honored with the Seoul Mayors Award and Seoul Citizens Award every year, but the citations had very low public awareness. A citation system that is representative of the city was lacking as well. Worse, measures for long-term benefits for winners have not been in place thus, the citation system has failed to expedite properly activities to change and improve society, including participation in city administration and donations. Seoul Metropolitan Governments new citation system  which has been changed through the general plan calls for the installation of Hall of Famers, naming of public facilities after citizens, discovery and recommendation of recipients of the Proud Citizens of the Month Award by citizens, introduction of the Organization and Facility of the Year Award, reduction of the number of winners of Seoul Citizens Award and expansion of benefits for winners, and reinforcement of public awareness of citations through the use of PR channels including subway, buses, and street stalls.
Global Seoul Mates, which is a group of overseas voluntary messengers introduce Seoul to countries around the worldwide via the Internet. Here are the Hallyu tour courses in Seoul that have been for picked by Global Seoul Mates who love this city more than anyone. It is not shown on Seoul Metropolitan Governments organization chart, but there is a special overseas PR team that promotes Seoul to the world. They are called the Global Seoul Mates and the serve as the overseas PR messengers of the city. These people from around the world love Seoul so much that they voluntarily upload contents on Seoul to their SNS channels, and introduce the Korean capital to others. Anyone who lives in Korea or overseas who has had a chance to visit Seoul or who loves this city is eligible to apply to become one of the Global Seoul Mates. People who can actively introduce Seoul via online are selected, and they serve as Global Seoul Mates for one year. Since the selection of the first group in May 2012, a total of 218 people in 30 countries worldwide are serving as Global Seoul Mates. Global Seoul Mates take part in a mission conducted by Seoul Metropolitan Government on a quarterly basis. The current mission is, to introduce Hallyu tour courses in Seoul. They are tasked with the mission to pick their favorite from among five themes, namely K-pop, Korean dramas & movies, weddings, fashion & beauty, and gourmet restaurants for celebrities, and to then introduce Seoul hotspots, which match their respective themes, to people who have never experienced Seoul. In this current mission, a total of 62 people have participated and they have introduced 88 hotspots and tour courses. What do Hallyu tour courses in Seoul that have been recommended by foreigners who love the city look like? As expected, the majority of Global Seoul Mates picked the categories of K-pop, and dramas & movies, which are the driving force of Hallyu. Tour courses involving gourmet restaurants, hotels, and hotspots that were featured in various Korean dramas are believed to be itinerary so exciting that fans of Korean dramas cannot visit and adequately enjoy all of them in just a two-day tour of Seoul. Notably, a Global Seoul Mate in China uploaded her wedding photos, and introduced vivid travel essays on her experiences with wedding courses in Seoul. From among the various and special Seoul tour courses recommended by Global Seoul Mates, Seoul Metropolitan City will select people who recommend quality courses based on the criteria of courses freshness and quality, and will provide them with certain free offers. Also, the courses that are selected as quality programs will actually be reflected in the composing of the Hallyu tour courses provided by the city of Seoul. As the courses have been singled out and recommended by foreigners who love Seoul, they will likely be helpful to developing courses that are more practical and fruitful than before.
Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will provide a total of 459 million won this year to the 26 childrearing communities it has selected and where villagers jointly grow and take care of children. The SMG recently inspected the 26 communities and found them to be armed with stable business infrastructure including caring spaces and membership base. They have various alternative childrearing models catering to the local living conditions and characteristics, implementing social care wherein the villagers share the burden and jointly give care to children. They are materializing new childrearing models through various programs including ecological experience and family camps at the same time providing parents with communities and caring spaces by operating communal child care rooms and cafes. Additionally, they are providing temporary childcare service for low-income families, multicultural families, and families wherein both parents engage in vocational activities. In this regard, the joint childrearing assistance program that started last year was found to be spreading the communal childcare culture as a new childrearing method and contributing to the galvanization of communities for childcare as the program is gradually producing tangible outcomes. Above all, with villagers jointly giving care to and supporting children, the program is laying the foundation to have our children overcome competition as well as the inequitable environment and grow into persons with warm personality and mutual respect. The SMG judges that, in order for community childrearing facilities to take root and spread further, they should secure self-sustainability above all else so that they can operate on their own even without external assistance. Accordingly, the city is providing diverse forms of assistance to enable communities to develop sustainable business systems in accordance with the characteristics and conditions of the respective villages, by providing customized consulting and various education opportunities. 13 Exemplary Models  Saemaeul Undong (The New Village Movement) Geumcheon Branch (Geumcheon-gu)Shiheung 4-dong offers village community childcare service. 
Seoul Metropolitan Government will run nine intra-city bus routes exclusively from midnight to 5 a.m. The city has chosen Owl Bus as the brand name for the late-night bus service, and installed LED lighting on the front, sides and interior of each bus, as well as line maps to assist citizens use of the service. The city government announced that it will begin operating the service in earnest from midnight on September 12 (Thursday). The service has been expanded to nine routes by adding seven lines primarily linking areas with large numbers of post-midnight passengers, largely due to the high popularity of two pilot bus routes that have been test-operated exclusively at late night hours over the past three months and to rising demand for the new service, with 88% percent of Seouls citizens hoping to use the service. The seven new routes are as follows: N13 (Sanggye-dong  Songpa Bus Garage), N16 (Dobongsan Bus Gerage  Onsu-dong), N61 (Yangcheon Bus Garage  Nowon Station), N62 (Yangcheon Bus Garage  Myeonmok-dong), N10 (Ui-dong  Seoul Station), N30 (Gangdong Bus Garage  Seoul Station), and N40 (Bangbae-dong  Seoul Station). The seven new lines were confirmed as final choices by taking into consideration the heavy concentration of people on the move during late-night hours in Gangnam, Hongdae, Dongdaemun, Sillim and Jongno, after analyzing more than 3 billion mobile phone calls as big data. By constructing a radial-shape network linking nine outer districts of the city, with Jongno and Gwanghwamun as the hub, the lines are designed to maintain a balance between the different districts. For the longer distance lines, buses will depart simultaneously from both ends of the bus line, thereby minimizing the gap in the intervals between different directions. Passengers can also transfer at the intersections of different routes including Seoul Station, Dongdaemun, Jongno and Gangnam Station. The bus fare, which was set at 1,050 won per trip during the test operation period, will be adjusted to 1,850 won (based on the bus card rate), i.e. the same fare as the inter-city deluxe bus, from September 12. Arrival times and operation information can be viewed on the Bus Information Terminals installed at every bus stop, as well as on the Seoul Topis mobile app (m.bus.go.kr), the Seoul Transportation Portal app, and the website (http://topis.seoul.go.kr). Furthermore, since the service runs after midnight, citizens safety will be assured. All buses are installed with a speeding prevention system and a protective wall for the driver. Drivers are also well remunerated to ensure they dont have to take on other vocational activities during the daytime hours. Owl Bus, the brand name for buses running late at night, was chosen by the Seoul Metropolitan Government through a public contest held in June. A cartoon character has also been designed to project the image of an owl operating the bus. The character will be placed along with the bus number on the LED lighting panel at the front and sides of the bus to enable passengers to easily recognize it even in the dark and from a distance. It will also be placed inside the buses and on the line maps at bus stops to allow citizens to distinguish the Owl buses from ordinary buses. 
K STAR Road will be formed in Gangnam-gu, which has been drawing attention thanks to Gangnam Style, PSYs phenomenal hit. The 1.08  long street between Galleria Department Store and SM Entertainment and Cube Entertainment in Apgujeong-dong will be designated as K STAR Road. The street will be redecorated as an urban version of a trekking course where visitors can visit places containing hallyu stories, including restaurants frequented by pop stars. Said project will be implemented gradually by 2015. This year, structures associated with K STAR Road will be installed initially, and then contents related to hallyu will be added. The Gangnam-Gu Office will push through with the project in collaboration with many private institutions, including Amore Pacific and J Contentree M&B. Entertainment businesses in Gangnam-gu such as SM, JYP, Cube, FNC will join the project by setting up a large media faade displaying images of hallyu stars and handprints.  K STAR Road formation  1st phase (September ~ December 2013)  Street milestones will be attached to street lamp posts, trees lining the street, and pedestrian crossings using K BIRD, a symbol of K STAR Road.  Signs for the designated stores will be attached to their entrances.  K STAR Road passport will be provided to visitors as souvenir. Photo zone benches will be provided.  The SM Entertainment building, known as the birthplace of hallyu stars, will be opened to visitors once a week.  K STAR Road formation  2nd and 3rd phases (February ~ December 2014)  Handprints of hallyu stars will be displayed in a designated place of K STAR ROAD.  Relevant souvenirs will be sold.  A star contents gallery will be put up in a section of the luxury goods street in Cheongdam-dong.  A Mobile app containing information on the street will be developed to help those interested obtain the necessary information prior to their visit to the place. The Gangnam-Gu Office plans to develop the district as a landmark of Seoul  similar to Soho of New York and Marais of Paris  by forming K GOURMET ROAD and K FASHION ROAD in addition to K STAR Road, with focus on the local characteristics. 
Seoul Metropolitan Government announced that the secondhand book information service will be provided via the homepage of the Seoul Metropolitan Library starting September 1 on the occasion of the national reading month this September. Opened in 1950, Daeo Bookstore in Hyoja-dong is the oldest bookstore in Seoul. It is included in the list of places to be preserved by Seoul Metropolitan Government as the countrys precious heritage. The secondhand bookstore street in Pyeonghwa Market has 30-plus bookstores. After checking 100-plus secondhand bookstores in Seoul with the help of the 25 autonomous district offices, the Seoul Metropolitan Library provides information on them including locations and phone numbers via its homepage (lib.seoul.go.kr). The list was drawn up through the librarys re-survey in 2013 based on the information provided by the Korean Publishers Association in 2007. The library will continue to update the information including those in neighborhoods. It expects the service to encourage people to read more books. Find Secondhand Bookstore 
Seoul Metropolitan Governments good policies, administrative know-how, and urban development-related experiences will be introduced to foreign countries through the Korea Foundation (KF). Established in 1991 as a body affiliated with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MOFA), KF carries out activities designed to help foreign countries have correct understanding of the country and promote friendship with them. Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to create synergistic effects using the know-how of KF on exchanging with foreign countries. KF engages in public diplomatic programs including the promotion of Korean studies in foreign countries, cultural exchanges, provision of support for publication/film, and invitation of foreign celebrities. In this connection, Mayor of Seoul Park Won Soon and KF President Yu Hyun Seok signed an MOU for mutual collaboration during a ceremony held at the Seoul City Hall in the afternoon of August 26. The two organizations will cooperate on the following: introduction of Seoul Metropolitan Governments good policies and urban development-related experiences to foreign countries, KFs invitation of foreign dignitaries, international forums, global seminars, Seoul Metropolitan Governments invitation of local government officials from other countries, mutual exchange of publications and films, collaboration in academic, cultural, and exchange programs with foreign countries, sharing each others domestic network of operation, etc. Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to share its good policies and administrative know-how with foreign countries through programs operated by KF, such as invitation of foreign dignitaries, international forums, global seminars, etc. Foreign countries have expressed interest in Seoul Metropolitan Governments good policies related to the following: Seoul Transport Operation and Information Service (bus-only lanes in the middle of the road Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corp. (SMRT)/Seoul Metropolitan Subway Corp. (subway) Yeongdeungpo Arisu Center (water supply) Mapo Resource Recovery Facility/World Cup Park (waste recycling) Cheong Gye Cheon Museum (Cheonggyecheon (Stream)) Amsa Bridge (bridge over a stream) Magok/DMC (energy/environment), etc. Through public diplomatic programs such as international forums and global seminars and in areas related to academic and art events including Korean studies, the two organizations will cooperate to publicize success cases of Seoul Metropolitan Governments operation and lessons learned from failure. 
This year, with the summer unusually long and hot, a total of 9.44 million people enjoyed the summer season in Hangang park by taking part in the Haengbok Mongttang (Happy Together) Project offered by Seoul Metropolitan Government. In particular, the shady riverside spaces below bridges over the river were favorite destinations for Seoulites. More than 2 million people were estimated to have spent time there, with 550,000 people frequenting riverside swimming pools. Said project was originally scheduled for July 20 through August 20, but the 50-day long rainy spell forced some programs to be canceled. At the peoples request, Seoul Metropolitan Government expanded some programs such as camping sites and stargazing experience until August 24. Opened for the first time this year, camping sites in Yeouido and Ttukseom were so popular that slots were fully booked via reservations received through the homepage in only 15 minutes. Many people expressed satisfaction with the fact that barbecuing on the grass was allowed. A total of 43,000 people used the camping sites during the project period. Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide nicer programs for people next year. Since hot summer days are still very much around, Seoul Metropolitan Government will continue the Hangang Film Festival until the end of September. Visitors can enjoy films for free at Floating Stage in Yeouido Hangang Park at 8:30 PM every Friday until September 13 and at 8 Riverview Avenue Gwangjingyo (Bridge) at 8:00 PM every Friday until November 29. [List of Films Showing] 
KakaoTalk Plus Friends Everyone needs mom, a communication channel to implement Seoul Metropolitan Governments healing project dubbed Everyone needs mom in mobile equipment, has been established and opened to the public on September 1. Everyone needs mom is a cure relay program. People take part in the six-week program and subsequently encourage other people to attend the program after becoming cure activists. Last July 30, Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the plan for the promotion of said program for training 3,300 cure activists. The program lets anyone carry out activities as cure activists without difficulty in mobile communication space. By registering as a friend at Everyone needs mom at KakaoTalk, you can receive or give advice via your desired communication channel. 
Sometimes, you have had to tie your bike to a tree, a utility pole, or a pedestrian barrier when you cant find a bike rack near the place you are visiting. The situation will be improved drastically, though. Seoul Metropolitan Government (City Transportation Headquarters) announced that it would add a total of 1,853 bike racks in 190 places in the city to meet the increasing demand particularly in the fall and designate people in charge per bike rack for their more efficient management. At present, the bike racks installed in 4,237 places in the city can accommodate 121,092 bikes. The City will increase their number drastically based on the results of on-the-spot surveys to meet the increase in the number of bike users. [Peoples Opinion to be Reflected Concerning Places of Installation]The Seoul Metropolitan Government will also readjust the current locations of bike racks where necessary. The new locations will be selected considering the following requirements: no inconvenience to pedestrians harmony with the surroundings, and consistency with Seoul Metropolitan Governments public design. The work on the relocation and new installation of bike racks will be started in September and finished by the end of November in each district. [Designation of People in Charge Per Bike Rack]To get rid of bikes left tied to a rack for a long period of time, Seoul Metropolitan Government will designate people in charge per bike rack. Local residents designated for this purpose will check the status of management of each bike rack and report the bikes tied to a rack for a long time to the authorities. These people will be designated by September. Tags will be attached to all bike racks in the city, with a contact number provided to report the bikes that should be taken away. Unclaimed bikes will be disposed of as per the regulations.
After being closed temporarily in July and August due to the hot weather, the weekly marketplace dubbed Hope Sharing will be restarted on September 1st. Those who want to take part may apply through the homepage (http://fleamarket.seoul.go.kr) by Monday (two weeks in advance) through Sunday (one week in advance). Participants are selected via lottery. Themes of the weekend marketplace to be held in the second half of the yearSeptember 15: Chuseok (Korean Thanksgiving Day) direct trading marketSeptember 29: Road FestivalOctober 20: Weaja Sharing MarketOctober 6: Hi Seoul Festival To encourage the trading of recycled goods, more types of items will be sold in the marketplace. Peddlers will also be allowed to join the event as part of efforts to increase jobs. To help people take part in the event for fun, diverse events will also be held such as demonstrations for making eco-bags and environment-friendly buttons. In the farmers market, direct trading will be done between farmers and urban dwellers. Crops grown through urban farming will also be sold. In addition, foods made with fresh, healthy materials will be displayed. To add to peoples enjoyment, the following teams will hold performances: Fusion B-boy group SC Ent, Gugak Naru, Pyeongyang Art Troupe, etc. Event Schedule for Gwanghwamun Hope Sharing Market in the Second Half of the Year
Seoul Metropolitan Government will encourage about 30% of the 114,000 power-guzzling stores frequented by many customers, such as jjimjilbang, workout facilities, and restaurants, to replace their existing lighting with energy-efficient LED lighting by next year. Last July 29, the Seoul Metropolitan Government signed an agreement to that effect with the Korea Food Service Industry Association and the Korea Public Bath Houses Association. Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to push through with the plan by drawing attention to the fact that they can save up to 70% on their energy bill if they use energy-efficient LED lighting, in addition to offering diverse incentives. Most of them are using 25 W lamps, but they will be encouraged to use bulb-type LED lighting (7~10 W).Concerning businesses that agree to replace more than 90% of their lighting with LED lighting, the City will provide loans of up to 1 billion won at a low interest rate (2% per annum) to ease their burden. Seoul Metropolitan Government will also cooperate with the Green Consumer Network to supply LED lighting at up to 35% discount. The period for investment recovery is less than a year businesses will enjoy the benefit of reduced utility charge every month. The City will attach a LED lighting certification mark to the entrance of businesses that completed the replacement of their lighting. The names of the businesses will be carried on the news bulletins published by autonomous district offices as part of efforts to publicize them.The Korea Food Service Industry Association also agreed to do their best to reduce their food waste. A 10% reduction of food waste will be equivalent to 24,601 tons of food waste a year this translates into about 2.4 billion won savings in waste handling expense.
The Seoul Eco-Mileage System implements a mileage accumulation system wherein households and commercial buildings get a refund equivalent to the amount of greenhouse gas reduced through their energy-saving efforts in power, tap water, urban gas, and local heating. So far, the number of those who signed up for the system has exceeded 1 million since the adoption of the system in September 2009. During the period September 2009 ~ April 2013, Eco-Mileage members saved a total of 160,000 TOE in power and urban gas this is equivalent to the one-year operation of 200,000 cars. The energy thus saved translates into a 500,000-ton reduction of greenhouse gases, which is equivalent to planting 75 million 30-year-old pine trees. According to Seoul Metropolitan Government, the number of members of the Eco-Mileage campaign, which is part of the energy-saving campaign dubbed Lets Reduce the Number of Nuclear Power Plants, has increased rapidly this year. More than 300,000 households and commercial buildings have joined the campaign as of the end of July this year thus bringing the total number of members to more than a million. In June 2013, Seoul Metropolitan Government received the UN Public Service Awards (UNPSA), CATEGORY 3  Fostering participation in public policy decision making through innovative mechanisms in connection with Eco-mileage, a program engaging citizens in GHG reduction.
For the past 42 months, Seoul Metropolitan Government refunded a total of more than 5 billion won to 93,000 households (i.e., 14% of 6.69 million estimable households) on 14 occasions in return for their having saved more than 10% in a period of six months. The City also paid 2.3 billion won for 328 schools, apartment complexes, and commercial buildings for the improvement of their energy facility to reward their energy-saving efforts.Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold an event on August 22, Energy Day, in celebration of the milestone of exceeding the 1 million mark in the number of Eco-Mileage members and encourage all residents of Seoul to take part in the energy-saving campaign.
Facilities selected in 2012 for their exemplary indoor air qualitySeoul Metropolitan Government will continue to provide free indoor air quality consulting service for childcare centers, maternity care centers, welfare facilities for senior citizens, cinemas, private teaching institutes, and PC bang as in last year. This year, the number of beneficiary facilities will be increased by 150 to 400.This summer, the risk of microbial propagation is high due to high humidity. The unusually hot weather prompts facilities to use air conditioners often, which is likely to result in poor indoor air quality. Thus, the service schedule was moved up to July this year.The Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide the service of measurement, diagnosis, and consulting concerning indoor air quality between July 22 and October 31 for 400 facilities at the request of the 25 autonomous district offices. This year, private educational institutes with total floor space of 1,000 or larger are newly included in the scope of the service following the amendment of the relevant law. Experts of Seoul Metropolitan Government-designated institutions will check the status and give tips on how to manage indoor air quality at each facility.In 2014, the service will be expanded to households in semi-base floors, small childcare facilities, and private educational institutes.
The Seoul Global Center had been received applications from those interested in learning Korean on a first-come-first-served basis, starting from 10:00 AM on August 24th to 25thSummary of the Lecture on Korean* Level test to be given at the time of application / Those eligible for the next opportunity to learn Korean to be selected on a first-come-first-served basis This is the fourth event held since 2008. In the past, enrollment ended on the first day of application. Enrollees from different countries can learn the Korean language and culture and have an opportunity to understand each others culture. During a session held in the first half of this year, a total of 120 people from 28 countries attended. An opportunity for a hands-on experience of Korean culture is also provided. For inquiries, please call: Women & Family Policy Affairs Office Multiculturalism Division (+82-2-2075-4107) or Seoul Global Center (+82-2-2075-4148)Another Session for Learning Korean
The newly built Amsa Photovoltaic Power Plant in Amsa-dong, Seoul started operation on July 30. It is the largest one of its kind in the Greater Seoul area.Located on a 76,800 area (as large as about ten soccer fields), the environment-friendly power generation facility has used a total of 19,700 sheets of modules and 5,500 workers for the construction work. By year-end, the expansion work for the power plant will be completed, and the largest domestic PV power plant will be built on a public site. The city built the 13.7 billion won facility entirely with private capital, using public space left idle. It will receive 2.5 billion won in rent (125 million won a year) for the next 20 years.The 5 MW facility was built on the supra-structure of the Amsa Arisu Water Purification Center through the attraction of 13.7 billion won in private capital from OCI and Energy Sharing & Peace Foundation. Compared to the southern areas, the conditions of Seoul and its vicinity are unfavorable for photovoltaic power generation, i.e., shorter sun hours and high construction and maintenance cost. Despite such condition, the plant carries significance as the first large PV power generation facility in Seoul and as part of the energy-saving campaign (Lets Reduce the Number of Nuclear Power Plants).Upon completion of the remaining work, which is set for year-end, the capacity will increase to 6.2MW.On July 30, Seoul City started the operation of the facility after a ceremony held at the Amsa Arisu Water Purification Center. About 200 people attended, including Mayor of Seoul, Seoul Metropolitan Council Chairman, Mayor of Gangdong-gu, members of the National Assembly, and construction company representatives.
The East Asia Secretariat of the International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives (ICLEI)  Local Governments for Sustainability, the worlds largest environmental organization, moved to the Seoul Global Center in Seorin-dong on July 30.Established in 1990, ICLEI operates eight regional secretariats around the world including the one in Seoul.At present, a total of one thousand-plus local autonomous bodies and their associations from 84 countries have joined the organization. It has a World Secretariat in Bonn, Germany, eight regional secretariats including those in Seoul, New Delhi, and Cape Town, and four country offices including those in Suwon, South Korea and Oakland, United States. Seoul Metropolitan Government expects Seoul HQ to be able to carry out its activities more efficiently, since many public institutions and international organizations such as Immigration Office, Seoul IDRC, CityNet, and foreign embassies are housed in the same building.The East Asia Regional Secretariat of ICLEI plans to strengthen its relationships with Chinese cities to encourage them to pay more attention to environmental issues in the second half of the year through programs associated with ICLEIs vision, such as climate and energy. 
Seoul Metropolitan Government started operating the integrated homepage (http://fleamarket.seoul.go.kr/rcmarket/index.do) where people check the list of recycled goods and their prices at 35 recycling centers run by the 25 autonomous district offices. The recycling centers are operated to promote the recycling of large items, such as refrigerators, washers, TV, air conditioners, and furniture. Those who are interested can purchase these goods at good prices. In the first half of the year, a total of 103,884 of such items were collected by Seoul Metropolitan Government. The city has accumulated a total of 3.969 billion won in proceeds from selling them. Seoul Metropolitan Government expects the integrated homepage to encourage people to buy recycled goods by enabling access to information on items that they may need more conveniently. 
World-renowned film directors Park Chan-wook and Park Chan-kyong (*PARKing CHANce) announced on August 20 a plan for the production of Seoul, our Movie, which will be made with the participation of global citizens.Seoul, our Movie is part of a Seoul Metropolitan Government-planned global brand marketing project. PARKing CHANce will make a film with a theme related to Seoul through the editing of films submitted by global citizens.Anyone interested may apply through a YouTube Official Custom Channel (www.youtube.com/seoulourmovie).  Submittal: August 20, 2013 ~ November 9, 2013 (12 weeks)
2. Read directions for submission and important notices thoroughly.3. Select one of the movie themes and film your video.4. Publish your production on the Seoul Movie Contest site(www.youtube.com/seoulourmovie) *Note: Publish your video by adding a comment with a link to your video on YouTube.5. Promote your video through social networking sites to increase the numbers of views and likes on YouTube.
You may also take part in the film production by recommending a film that you like among those uploaded to YouTube Custom Channel. The submitted works will be screened on a monthly basis according to popularity (number of views and recommendations) by being uploaded to the YouTube Channel. Works selected by the directors will be used for the film. 
The directors will create a story and make the film based on the selected works.The production of Seoul, Our Movie is scheduled to be completed by January 2014. It will be opened to the public through a preview event as well as online. 
Those finally selected will be given the following: opportunity to visit Seoul and take part in the preview event (three days), car, and laptop. For more details, please visit the official YouTube Channel (www.youtube.com/seoulourmovie) and the official blog (www.seoulourmovie.net).We hope many Seoul lovers take part in the project. We would like to depict the genuine aspects of the city, Mr. Park Chan-wook and Mr. Park Chan-kyong said. *PARKing CHANce is a brand based on the names of Park Chan-wook and his younger brother Park Chan-kyong. It has been recognized for its uniqueness from others and the interesting stories contained in the films. It has produced a total of four films: Day Trip (2012), Odal Slow (2011), Night Fishing (2010), and V (2013). 1. Direction and screenplay: PARKing CHANce 
Photos of Homeless Cafe In the tradition of turning the homeless into hoteliers, street photographers, and farmers, Seoul Metropolitan Government has produced three coffee baristas this time.  Three homeless turned into baristaswork at the Seoul Metropolitan Government-supported Naesaenge (in my life) Espresso Homeless Caf, the first of its kind ever attempted by a local government. They acquired barista grade 2 qualification following a three-month education program as part of a Seoul Metropolitan Government-run self-reliance program.  Naesaenge Espresso Homeless Caf is operated by Seoul Metropolitan Government to provide jobs to the homeless. At the first one opened in Yeongdeungpo-gu, Three homeless turned into baristas work under caf manager Monk Yeondam of Bohyeon House (a philanthropic facility).  On the first day of the trial operation of the caf on July 29, it got good response from people. During lunch time (noon through 1:00 PM), people had to wait in line to be served. Four hundred-plus cups of coffee are sold on a good business day. Proceeds from the place will be used as funds for promoting the self-reliance of the homeless. 
 Seoul Metropolitan Government continues to implement the 2013 Turn Urban Project which is designed to use small pieces of land left idle as in last year. This years mission is to collect ideas for small pieces of land. Submittals will be received by August 28. The Take Urban Project is a project designed to turn small pieces of land into major space. Findings will be received via homepage, postal mail, email, or in person no later than August 28.
 Application may be submitted for small pieces of land that can be turned into useful space with some refurbishment and is located near a residential area or a commercial arcade left unused, or whose redevelopment plan has been canceled. Interesting stories about such small pieces of land will be searched. Diverse attempts will be made, including installation of artworks or formation of landscaping space. The final decision will be made by the Judging Committee in September. People whose ideas are selected will receive a prize.2012 Take Urban in 72 Hours  photos of installed work pieces ?? Sleepless Fri, Sat, Sun team (Underground corridor, Gyeongbokgung Station, Subway Line 3)  Grand Prize winner?? The Design Community team (Entrance to Hanok Village, Namsan)
 A Seoul Metropolitan Government delegation headed by Mayor Park Won Soon visited Metro Manila in the Philippines from August 11 to 14 (4 days).  In his third official visit to a foreign country this year, Mr. Park Won Soon shared cases of exemplary administrative affairs with the central government of the Philippines and local governments in Metro Manila. He also discussed with local influential people ways of encouraging the people to take part in municipal affairs as well as how to develop Asia. Mr. Park Won Soon received the Ramon Magsaysay Award in the Public Service Sector in 2006 for having established the Beautiful Foundation. This time, he was invited to give a keynote speech at the ceremony commemorating the 55th anniversary of said award. The Ramon Magsaysay Award is an international award established to remember the example of integrity in government and outstanding character of former Philippine President Ramon Magsaysay, who died in an airplane crash in 1957. Said award is often called Asias Nobel Prize. Established in May 1957, the Ramon Magsaysay Award Foundation presents the award annually to Asian individuals achieving excellence in their respective fields (Public Service, Peace and International Understanding, Community Leadership, Journalism, Literature, and Creative Communication Arts). A total of 19 South Koreans have received the award, including Mr. Park Won-soon, Mr. Jang Jun Ha, and Ms. Kim Hwal Lan. Currently, only Emergent Leadership remains, with the five other categories discontinued starting 2009.  On August 12, Mr. Park Won Soon gave a keynote speech on how to address urban problems in Asia. He talked about his experience as a human rights lawyer and a civic activist. He also presented cases on urban development, urban refurbishment, and welfare wherein he solved problems as Seoul Mayor with the peoples participation. Mr. Park Won Soon took part in a meeting held at the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority (MMDA) office on August 13, with MMDA Chairman Francis N. Tolention and mayors of 17 cities in Metro Manila attending. There, the attendees shared examples of good policies and discussed ways of mutual coexistence between cities. They also introduced their cities urban planning and measures taken for transportation, flood prevention, and environmental protection. Seoul City plans to come up with ways for the brisk exchange of urban policies and export its good urban policies based on what was discussed at the meeting. Mr. Park Won Aoon also attended a debate session on realizing participatory governance held at the Asian Institute of Management (AIM) Conference Center in Manila. The 100-plus attendees (government officials, those engaged in public innovation, and civic leaders) discussed innovative ways for the invigoration of participatory governance.  According to Seoul Metropolitan Government, the delegations visit to the Philippines served as an occasion to introduce the citys good policies in a foreign country. It expects the two countries to cooperate closely in various areas. The Ramon Magsaysay Award
Between July 26 and August 2, Seoul Metropolitan Government selected the ten leading news stories in the first half year of 2013 based on online votes by local residents and Seoul Metropolitan Government officials. Topping the list was the energy saving campaign (Lets Reduce the Number of Nuclear Power Plants). It is a campaign to reduce the energy use and produce new and renewable energy by using photovoltaic power plants (hopefully an amount equivalent to the power produced by a power plant, i.e., 1GW). The number of people taking part in the campaign is continuously increasing. More than a million people have signed up for the Eco-Mileage Campaign. The adoption of late-night buses (operating between midnight and 5:00 AM) came in second. It was first adopted in April, and the number of routes will be increased from the current two to eight by the end of August.Clean accounting of apartment administrative expense ranked third. In March, a portal site for the disclosure of apartment operation information was newly opened and is operated through an apartment management support center in the form of public-private partnership. The news items that landed on the 4th and 5th spots were easing the burden of nursing expenses and car pool as the solution to the problem of high oil prices.Creation of New Deal jobs designed to provide a shot in the arm for the difficult economic situation ranked No. 6 in the news. This was followed by turning non-regular workers into regular workers at No. 7.Construction of 80,000 rental apartments in a new way (less expense, higher efficiency) landed on 8th place. Setting up free Wi-Fi zones in major streets, parks, and traditional markets was ranked 9th. Provision of additional public daycare centers using spaces left idle was no. 10.
This August, Seoul Metropolitan Hangang Project Headquaters will hold fireworks shows near Banpo Bridge and offer a 30% discount on fares for pleasure boats (not those for fireworks show) to users of the riverside campsite as part of the Hangang Haengbok Mongttang (Great Happiness) Program. The fireworks shows will be held every Saturday in August (except August 31). Each show will last for ten minutes, and it will be preceded by the Banpo Rainbow Water Fountain Show (for 10 minutes from 8:00 PM). During the program period (until August 20), riverside campsite users can enjoy a variety of water leisure sports and have the privilege of a 30% discount on fares for pleasure boats operating in the afternoon (those starting from Yeouido Ferry between 11:00 AM to 6:00 PM/ excluding the lunch buffet pleasure boat).You have two choices for the fireworks show: on a pleasure boat that will take you quite close to the site, or on the riverside place in Banpo.The fireworks show pleasure boats will start from ferries in Yeoui-do and Jamsil at 7:30 PM and reach the site at 8:00. Pleasure boat passengers will be given a souvenir, a noctilucent bracelet.
Official dictionary siteSeoul Metropolitan Government announced on August 1 that it opened an official dictionary site for the translation of Korean words used on information signboards and promotional materials into English, Chinese, and Japanese.Seoul Metropolitan Government has provided the dictionary service (englishname.seoul.go.kr) for translation from/to English since 2002. This time, the service is expanded to Chinese and Japanese for users greater convenience.The dictionary entries are classified into 12 categories: administrative zones, public institutions, names of places, transportation, tourism/culture, shopping, food, lodging, medical service/welfare, education, mass com/religion, and residential facilities. They contain about 80,000 words (48,000 in English, 16,000 in Chinese, and Japanese).The site is expected to be very helpful to those interested in expressions in foreign languages and those working for tourism businesses.For the use of standardized and unified names of food, cultural heritage, and roads, Seoul Metropolitan Government followed the information provided by the Korea Tourism Organization (KTO), Cultural Heritage Administration (CHA), and Ministry of Security and Public Administration, respectively.Seoul Metropolitan Government also provided a space for reporting erroneous information, if any, to be able to correct it.
The average particle density in Seoul (41/) was reported to have recorded the lowest level in 2012 since the observation was started in 1995 (78/). The level stood at 61/ in 2007.  Particle density: 78/ (1995)  61/ (2007)  41/ (2012)  Good visual range (20km or more): 76 days (2007)  274 days (2012)  Good air quality (30/ or less): 66 days (2007)  130 days (2012)  Poor air quality (more than 100/): 49 days (2007)  5 days (2012) Seoul Metropolitan Government disclosed the air quality assessment report for 2012 on July 23 together with the details on the homepage for air quality information (http://cleanair.seoul.go.kr). Said report, which is drawn up annually based on the relevant data released by the Seoul Metropolitan Government-run Research Institute of Public Health and Environment, has been kept at the National Archives & Records Service (NARS) and the Seoul Metropolitan Library.Seoul Metropolitan Government has continued to make efforts to improve overall air quality through the following methods: absorption of dust particles occurring on roads road washing management of flying dust particles occurring in construction sites adoption of low-polluting diesel vehicle, and adoption of buses and road cleaning vehicles using compressed natural gas (CNG) as fuel. Regarding the detection of high level (27%) of nitrogen oxide in buildings, Seoul Metropolitan Government encourages buildings to use low-nitrogen oxide burners to reduce nitrogen dioxide emissions. It has recommended to the Ministry of Environment the adoption of criteria for nitrogen dioxide emissions for household boilers as a fundamental step. Other measures to be taken by Seoul Metropolitan Government include the installation of a device for the reduction of dust particles and nitrogen oxide on large cargo trucks and commuter buses and replacement of dilapidated engines of construction equipment (1,150 units by 2014, etc.). 
Having installed last April a rainwater tank dubbed Green+Blue Rooftop on the rooftop of the Seosomun annex building of Seoul City Hall, Seoul Metropolitan Government will install a similar system combined with green space on the rooftop of Cheongun Middle School, Jongno-gu on a trial basis. The plan includes the formation of green space on the 285.5-sized rooftop with a rainwater tank below the space. This is part of efforts to control repeated flooding in Gwanghwamun, which were warmly received by the school authorities.According to Dr. Gwon Gyeong-ho at the Engineering Research Institute of Seoul National University, such system helps prevent the stored rainwater from flowing down the drainage immediately this means avoiding flooding in a specific area during the rainy season. The rainwater tank installed below the green space on the rooftop helps the stored rainwater flow down the drainage system slowly. It also offers other advantages such as heat insulation and landscaping. The green area can be used as a vegetable garden.The Office of Waterworks Seoul Metropolitan Government will analyze the effect of said system. Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to expand such system to public buildings if the result of the analysis is positive.  
  Universities are usually regarded as energy-guzzling places. In connection with the ongoing energy saving campaign this summer, which is seeing one of the worst power supply situations in recent years, 34 universities in Seoul signed an agreement with Seoul City to join the campaign to save energy and reduce greenhouse gases.  In a ceremony held on June 25[u1] , Seoul City and the presidents of 34 universities in Seoul agreed to work together to turn universities into green campuses and make Seoul an exemplary environmental city through energy saving and carbon dioxide reduction.  At noon on June 25, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon and the presidents of 34 universities in the city gathered together at the Korea Press Center and signed an agreement for joint efforts to reduce energy consumption by 10% by 2017.  The representatives of universities vowed to fulfill their social responsibility by carrying out the green campus campaign to join in efforts to cope with climate change and pursue sustainable development through the ff.: gradual execution of the plan for greenhouse gas reduction  launch of body dedicated to putting the goal of green campus into practice, and  prioritization of energy saving.  They also agreed to join efforts to turn Seoul into an energy-producing city. Toward that end, they will set up a plan for the establishment of greenhouse gas inventory and low-carbon infrastructure within each university. Seoul City will provide diverse forms of support to universities in connection with their energy-saving activities, including provision of up to 2 billion won at a low rate of 2.0% per annum for buildings that newly install energy efficiency devices or adoption of a new & renewable energy system, such as solar power plant.  Earlier in the day, the representatives of 34 universities in Seoul held the Inaugural Meeting for the Seoul Green Campus Council at Seoul City Hall. During the meeting, Sungkyunkwan University was elected as Chair University of the council, with Korea, Hanyang, and ChungAng Universities and Seoul National University of Science & Technology named Vice Chair Universities. Seoul National University was elected Auditor University.  Said council will engage in the following activities in connection with the campaign to turn universities into green campuses: exchange of information, sharing of success cases with others, personnel exchanges, etc.  The universities that agreed to join the Seoul City-initiated campaign accounted for 81% (i.e., 34 out of the 42 four-year universities).  Later that day, Seoul City, Seoul Green Campus Council, and Seoul Institute held a symposium on how to form green campuses in commemoration of the launch of said council.  Commenting on the launch, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon noted that it is very significant for the representatives of universities to have agreed to join the energy saving campaign this summer when we are experiencing one of the worst power supply situations. We at Seoul City will do everything we can to support their efforts to turn their schools into green campuses, he vowed. 
Jogyesa Temple, a leading temple of the Jogye Order of Buddhism, will take part in the campaign for reducing energy consumption by 10% in an effort to put into practice Buddhas teaching not to kill any living creature and join in the worldwide efforts to cope with climate change.  Such step by the temple is taken to cooperate with Seoul City concerning the latters energy saving campaign under the slogan Lets Reduce the Number of Nuclear Power Plants. The temple plans to reduce energy consumption by 10% in 3 buildings within the temple and 25 affiliated offices outside by the end of October 31.Even in the past, the temple made it a rule to hold the monthly sermon session  held every first of the month (lunar calendar)  without using electric bulbs. It has also taken part in similar campaigns such as Turn off the Lights for Earth Hour on March 23 and Earth Day event held on April 22.Jogyesas decision to join in the energy saving campaign is based on the temples understanding of the seriousness of the energy problem and is in response to Seoul Citys efforts to disseminate awareness of such need throughout the entire society.In connection with the energy saving campaign participated in by Buddhist temples including Jogyesa, Seoul City will help them meet their targeted 10% energy consumption reduction by having them go through an energy consumption diagnosis by experts.Seoul City will provide the personnel in charge of management of the temples facilities with educational sessions on how to save energy, in addition to doing the following: provision of timer multi-tap for water purifier periodic checkup of power saving, and presentation of letter of commendation to exemplary buildings.Jogyesa will take positive steps to cooperate with Seoul City in the energy saving campaign by encouraging Buddhists to join in the citys proposed eco-mileage system and holding educational sessions for them.Even before this, Seoul City signed agreements with the representatives of Catholic and Protestant churches at the end of last year and early this year to solicit their participation in the energy saving campaign.
Seoul City has secured 28-year-long international emissions allowance for its photovoltaic (PV) project, which has been registered as part of the Clean Development Mechanism (CDM). CDM is one of the methods of greenhouse gas reduction adopted under UNFCCC (UN Framework Convention on Climate Change) with the effectuation of the Kyoto Protocol in 2005. Registered businesses or other entities receive emissions allowances from the UN based on their record concerning greenhouse gas reduction projects. Countries required to reduce greenhouse gases can readjust their emissions using the emissions allowances secured. They can also sell their right for emissions to other countries. Although not yet a country obligated to reduce greenhouse gases, South Korea can have its record of emission reduction recognized by registering with CDM.There are two types of registration with CDM: Bundling of small-scale CDM project activities and Programmatic CDM (28 years for emission reduction CDM).Under the scheme, Seoul City can register its additional right each time its PV project is completed. The citys record of emission reduction for 10 years from the date of registration is to be recognized during the effective period of 28 years (from 2011).According to Seoul City, its plan for the installation of PV facilities in public institutions affiliated with the city was registered with UNFCCC as programmatic CDM in December 2012. It received the final notice of confirmation last June following the procedure of document screening and onsite inspection.This has been the first case of such registration by Seoul City. Due to the specific procedure for registration, only 164 cases (6 cases for South Korea, including the one stated herein) have been registered with the Programmatic CDM.
Seoul City is entitled to secure emissions allowances until 2039 per reduction of greenhouse gases accomplished through the installation of PV facilities. The city plans to secure 306,000 tons of emission allowances during said period with the installation of 2MW PV facilities every year.The Programmatic CDM with which Seoul City has been registered recognizes the PV facilities installed by other public institutions as part of the record, even if they do not belong to Seoul City.Accordingly, Seoul City will focus its efforts on the exploration of the portions that can be registered additionally while carrying out continued education and promotion among the autonomous district offices in Seoul and affiliated public institutions. The methods of use of the secured emissions allowances will be decided in consultation with the relevant parties.
Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corporation, which runs Subway Lines 5 ~ 8, started on July 18 a campaign to yield seats to expectant moms on the subway. It will hold the campaign every second Thursday of the month until October.Each subway car has seats reserved for senior citizens and expectant moms. Young expectant moms in the early stage of pregnancy hesitate to take a seat on one of the reserved seats since their pregnancy is still not obvious. Some women claimed to have experienced such an awkward situation.In response to such, the subway corporation decided to carry out a campaign for expectant moms. On October 10 as Expectant Moms Day, the subway corporation will launch a large-scale campaign in cooperation with nearby public health centers at major subway stations. The subway corporation is also giving out bag tags identifying expectant moms to ensure they are paid attention. The bag tag is provided to all expectant moms presenting an expectant moms handbook at the customer center or information desk at each station of Subway Lines 5 ~ 8. 
