The Seoul Metropolitan Government is looking for fifty native Koreans and foreigners wishing to participate in its Seoul Quality of Life Monitors, a program in which foreign residents will monitor the everyday problems facing non-Koreans, from January 30 to February 10.The foreign population in Seoul has continued rising to reach over 360,000, accounting for approximately 3.6% of the total population, but no foreigners have participated in the Seoul Monitoring program thus far.To remedy this, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to manage a monitoring team composed exclusively of foreigners to help foreigners residing in Seoul improve the quality of their lives and settle down faster.The monitoring team, dubbed the Seoul Quality of Life Monitors, will address various problems and improvement issues for foreigners, such as transportation, medical services, and housing, while also proposing foreign resident related policies. In other words, the team members will serve as a window for foreigners since they will see and feel matters from the perspective of a foreigner, and point out details that Koreans fail to see. To qualify to join the Seoul Quality of Life Monitors, applicants must have resided in Seoul for more than one year and be able to speak English or Korean. Any foreigners or naturalized citizens who are interested in Seoul can volunteer to join.The Seoul Quality of Life Monitorsis a volunteer program, but some financial assistance will be provided depending on the activity. If youre interested in participating in the program, fill out an application form and send it via email, fax, or mail, or you may visit the office in person to submit your application by hand. (Email: monitor@seoul.go.kr, Representative: Ju Jin-a (+82-2-2171-2833))Visit the Seoul Global Centers website (global.seoul.go.kr) for further information on application.
Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon will host a Blogger Talk Session on February 3 to look back on his first 100 days of municipal administration for two hours from 7:00pm on the 13th floor of Seoul City Hall.In celebrating his 100th day in office, Mayor Park will hear the expectations and wishes of members of the public expressed online as well as the opinions of bloggers specializing in different areas during the talk session.The bloggers will address the problems facing Seoul and propose solutions in their area of expertise, while also exchanging ideas with Mayor Park in an in-depth discussion on Seoul government administration.It has become a major trend for everyone to freely express their opinions on all manner of subjects including politics, economics, childcare, and education on their blogs, twitters, and Facebook, so the Seoul Metropolitan Government is making concerted efforts to communicate with citizens.Bloggers wishing to participate are welcome to leave their blog address, name, contact number, and a question for Mayor Park on the official TNM blog (http://blog.tnm.kr/374), which will be hosting the session.The blogger talk session will be broadcast live online and via mobile on Afreeca TV and Olleh OnAir, and you can participate in the session through SNS (Twitter #Seoul Mayor, #wonsoontv).The Seoul Metropolitan Government has been communicating with bloggers who love Seoul in order to maintain a close relationship and exchange opinions with them through a number of activities such as the Seoul Blogger Day. Recently, the mayoral inauguration was broadcasted live online.
The Seoul Global Center, the largest foreign support facility in Korea offering one-stop services to foreigners who encounter problems while residing in Seoul, (http://global.seoul.go.kr/index.do?lang=eng), is celebrating its 4th anniversary on January 23. The Seoul Global Center was opened on January 23, 2008 as a multi-sourced center under the supervision of the Seoul Metropolitan Government and the cooperative support of a number of public and private organizations such as the SBA (Seoul Business Agency), World Neighbors (Multi Culture), and the Integrated Administration Office (Korea Immigration Service, National Police Agency, Korea Exchange Bank, Korea Tourism Association, etc.). As of today, more than twenty counselors are providing foreign support services in eight different languages including English, Japanese, Chinese, Vietnamese, Mongolian, Tagalog, Russian, and Uzbek. The services encompass general administrative services including immigration and drivers license issuance as well as consultation services related to living and business in Seoul. In the past four years, the center has received an average of 149 foreign visitors each day. If phone and fax consultations are included, the daily average amounts to 404, which means some 440,000 foreigners have used the service since 23 January 2008. Visa and immigration-related inquiries accounted for about 60% of the total at 210,000 cases, followed by 34,000 job and labor-related complaints and 32,000 Korean class and seminar requests. In addition to this, the centers counselors also provided the On-Site, Door-to-Door service to towns with a large international community in order to assist foreigners who cant visit the center on weekdays, dealing with about 27,000 problems during 140 on-site visits up until December 2011. So far, 324 people have completed the Business Start-up School Program for International Residents run by the center, with 29 people from 12 countries successfully starting a business of their own in the areas of wholesale and retail, information technology development, consulting, and education, after receiving job ad and tax services. The Business Start-up School Program for International Residents also hosted four seminars (Korean) for 101 non-English speaking Mongolians and Chinese in 2011, helping more foreigners open a business. Last year, it hosted a Foreigners Day with football teams associated with the Football Club Seoul, inviting 10,000 foreigners to watch the games and participate in a number of cultural events, thereby helping them feel truly at home in Seoul.This year, the Seoul Global Center plans to start providing Customized Consulting by Type services for dysfunctional multicultural families in crisis (including divorce and domestic violence issues), and help them settle their problems and establish a loving family relationship. To that end, the Center will hire professional consultants to work on domestic violence and multicultural family cases within the facility full-time, and to provide in-depth counseling services on domestic violence, problems with in-laws, poverty, and personality differences with the goal of helping them develop self-sufficiency and preventing divorce.
Seoul Metropolitan Government employees will start visiting foreign communities every Sunday throughout the year to help foreign residents solve their problems, starting with the Community Service Center in Gwanghui-dong, which is home to a large community of immigrants, particularly from Russia and Mongolia.The Door-to-Door Consultation program is part of the Field-Oriented Customized Total Service for Foreigners Living in Seoul, which the Seoul Metropolitan Government has been providing since 2009 in order to solve the problems of foreign labor workers, foreign students, and multicultural families who live in Seoul but dont have the time to visit the Seoul Global Center in person during weekdays.Starting from March this year, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will send counselors to festivals and cultural event venues as well as gathering places popular among foreign residents after assessing their needs, with the aim of overcoming the geographical and time limitations of foreigners requiring help. Also from this year, the Government will begin providing financial (management) and communication services in addition to the current insurance package, which normally covers labor, on-the-job injuries, national pension, Migrant Workers Insurance (Departure Guarantee, Return Cost, Accident, Unpaid Wage), and medical diagnosis.The Government has also expanded its pool of professionals to include certified labor lawyers, attorneys, certified public accountants, and National Pension Service employees. Professional consulting services on labor, employment, law, tax, consumer and National Pension issues are offered every week. As for oriental medical services such as pulse reading, acupuncture, moxibustion, and cupping, which were very popular among foreigners last year even though the program was only launched a year ago, the Government will enhance the program to include medical diagnosis, blood sugar check-ups, and blood pressure tests by supplying more medical devices, as well as providing oriental medical prescriptions and herbal medicines. Medical charts and pharmaceutical containers will also be available in the respective languages.The on-campus counseling service for foreign students will restart twice during the back-to-college season in March. The counselors will visit colleges in a special bus to offer counseling services to foreign students and provide real answers to their questions, covering eight main topics including Seoul Tours, Shopping, IT, Consumer, Immigration, Housing Rental, Information on Studying Abroad, and Job Info. For further information on counseling sessions for organizations and communities, please call the Foreign Residents Assistance Division (+82-2-2075-4107) or visit the Seoul Global Centers website (http://global.seoul.go.kr).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will operate the Winter Migratory Bird Riverboat twice a day until February 25, offering visitors to the Hangang an opportunity to experience the rivers natural environment and ecosystem at close range.The Winter Migratory Bird Riverboat passes by Bamseom(Islet), Seongsandaegyo, and Banpodaegyo before returning to Yeouido. During the excursion, passengers will have the chance to see Bamseom, Seonyudo, and Nodeulseom as well as diverse species of migratory birds. The Migratory Bird Riverboat will run twice daily at 1:00pm and 3:00pm from Yeouido to Bamseom, Seongsandaegyo, and Banpodaegyo (approx. 90 min). The program offers children and adults the chance to feed migratory birds and spend some quality time together studying the ecosystem. (Reservation for at least 10 people is required.)The excursion costs 16,000 won per adult and 8,000 won per child (3 year olds-elementary students). Groups of 30 or more are offered a 10% discount. For further information on the boat trip, call CN Hangang Land (+82-2-3271-6900) or visit www.hcruise.co.kr.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is accepting applications for participation in cultural art performances and exhibitions as part of its 2012 Seoul Global Marketing Program, which aims to introduce the attractions and city brand of Seoul as a city of culture, particularly through those that are already in the limelight in other countries, until February 13 this year. The Seoul Global Marketing Program has been run since 2008 as a new concept of city marketing in which the Seoul Metropolitan Government sets up a marketing booth at musical and dance events hosted in other countries as a means of on- and offline promotion among local tourists. The selected cultural art companies will be awarded up to 30 million won by the Seoul Metropolitan Government for their contribution to attracting foreign tourists and improving the image of Seoul as a city of culture, and will also have the chance to promote the city brand along with the Seoul Metropolitan Government at overseas events. In 2011, a total of twelve cultural and art performance companies were selected, including Nanta, Jump, Sachoom, Korean Fantasy, and Noreum Machi, all of which went on a tour in thirteen countries including the US, China, and France to promote Seoul.Korean Fantasy also participated in the Liaoning Arts Festival in April 2011, and the tickets were sold out for all of their five performances, which is quite a feat considering its the biggest festival in Northeast China.
The Seollal World Culture Festival 2012 will be held in the main building and plaza of the Seoul Museum of History (http://www.museum.seoul.kr/) from 11am to 5pm on January 23. This fabulous multi-cultural event will feature diverse special exhibitions, world culture performances, and cultural experience programs designed to stimulate all five senses of Seoul citizens and help them usher in the Lunar New Year in a joyful atmosphere. The festival will feature diverse entertainments for audience members to enjoy, including a farmers music performance by percussion band Teoullim, a performance by students of the AMA (Art Major Asia) scholarship from the Korea National University of Arts, and performances by female cultural performance troupes from the Asian region. A number of experience-focused cultural events are also on the bill, including a world music experience which allows visitors to try out eleven traditional musical instruments, a traditional costume experience with costumes from over ten countries, and traditional games and plays from various countries. Notably, the festival will also present a sampling event for people to try traditional New Years Day foods and cuisines from around the world, free of charge. Furthermore, the KIST thematic exhibition Robots in the Museum, which has enjoyed immense popularity among children and teenagers, will be held concurrently at the museum. As such, the festival will offer citizens, including parents with children, a great opportunity for an exciting outing that integrates elements of education and entertainment during the upcoming Soellal holiday. Inquiries: +82-2-724-0270The programs are subject to change depending on conditions at the site.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is running the SMG Masters Degree Program to educate civil servants from developing countries on Seouls excellent strategy and know-how, and to help foreign cities implement urban administration policies.The course, which has been offered since 2008 as part of Koreas Official Development Assistance Program, is aimed at improving practical, cooperative relationships between cities and at elevating Seouls stature as a leading international city. Foreign civil servants who are participating in the SMG Masters Degree Program will receive lectures on theory and practical education on citizen welfare, tourism, electronic government, rental housing, and transportation at a university in Seoul for thirteen months, and, during the subsequent twelve months, write dissertations that compare the city administration in Seoul with that of their home cities to acquire a masters degree. The program is all the more significant in that the participating civil servants are not only awarded a degree, but also receive an opportunity to apply the know-how acquired on the program to urban development models in their home countries, thereby giving practical assistance to the development of foreign cities. So far, out of the 71 civil servants from 25 countries who have conducted studies on Seouls urban development models, 34 have won masters degrees, while 20 others are preparing theses in their countries and 17 are taking classes at Korea University (Graduate School of Policy Studies). Currently, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is running Seoul type ODA programs, including the masters degree programs for civil servants from developing countries, a training program for civil servants invited from Asia, and a program for assisting education at youth centers in developing countries, all of which are helping Seoul to promote its city administration model, while contributing to urban development in developing countries. In this way, the City Government is taking the lead in international relations with various cities worldwide. Meanwhile, the City Government is recruiting a university in Seoul to run the fifth SMG Masters Degree Program for civil servants from developing country cities in a sisterhood relationship with Seoul through February 2. The City Government will place a bid invitation in January, and select a preferred negotiating partner and sign a contract in February. For more information, please visit the Korea Online E-Procurement System website( http://www.g2b.go.kr/) of the Public Procurement Service, or the Seoul Metropolitan Governments website (www.seoul.go.kr), or dial +82-2-6321-4487.
Seoul Metropolitan City plans to significantly expand its Global Cultural Education Program to encourage the participation of more children and teenagers this year. The Bringing Faraway and Neighboring Countries to the Classroom program is being implemented to help young people better understand foreign cultures and develop a global mindset. It includes visits by foreigners to schools in Seoul so they can introduce their own culture to the students. The program will be fully implemented starting from the back-to-school season in March. This time, however, the Seoul Metropolitan Office plans to expand the program to include kindergartens as well as grade, middle, and high schools, and to increase the number of classes from 40 per month to more than 100 so that more students have the opportunity to experience many different cultures around the world. It also plans to increase the number of foreign instructors 2.5 times compared with last year from 16 to 40 and the number of countries introduced through the program from 16 to 20. To that end, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is recruiting 26 more foreign instructors to take charge of the program, from January 16 to 31.Any foreigners or naturalized citizens who can teach the class in Korean or English are eligible to apply. Applicants should send their application form, rsum, and teaching plan along with the other necessary documents by fax, email, or post by January 31.For further information, please visit the Seoul Metropolitan City website (http://seoul.go.kr) or the Seoul Global Center website (http://global.seoul.go.kr).
As of the end of 2011, the total population of Seoul was 10,528,774, or 0.44% less compared to last year.According to a population survey of registered residents conducted at the end of 2011, Seoul had 46,673 fewer inhabitants than at the end of last year. The survey showed that this is largely because more people have moved from Seoul to another city or province compared to those in other cities, and not because there were any significant changes in the birth and death rates. By contrast, the number of registered foreigners has continued to rise. As of the end of 2011, the total number of registered foreigners rose by 16,193 to 279,095 compared to last year, representing a fourfold increase from ten years ago. By nationality, the number of Russian residents rose most markedly (up 34.9%), followed by Chinese (17.1%), British (15.2%), and Japanese (11.8%), while the number of Americans dropped by 9.3%, Canadians by 5.1%, and Uzbeks by 0.7%. With the aging of the population, the number of people over the age of 65 rose by 41,853 compared to last year, to 1,049,425, accounting for 9.97% of the total population. The Aging Index, which represents the portion of the population aged 65 or older relative to those aged 14 or under, currently stands at 75.5 and is continuing to rise. The Aging Index in 2001 was 31.3 in 2001, which means it rose 2.4 times in just ten years.The average age of the total population is currently 38.3, which is 3.2 years higher than in 2005, when the average was 35.1.The female-to-male ratio has also been on the increase since 2003, and currently stands at 102 females to 100 males.The survey highlighted the fact that in the 75+ age group, there are 147 females to every 100 males, while there are 3.18 more females than males in the 95+ age group.At 178,386, Korean-Chinese make up the majority of the foreigners currently living in Seoul.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has established the Yeouido Global Business Center on the third floor of Office Building 1 of the Seoul International Finance Center in Yeouido, an area packed with global financial firms and foreign-based investment firms. The new facility, the second of its kind in Seoul after the Gangnam Global Business Center, will start operating on January 12. At the Yeouido Global Business Center, professional counselors proficient in foreign languages (English and Chinese) provide foreign-invested firms and international residents in Seoul with counseling on a comprehensive range of issues, including the business environment in Korea, regulations and laws on business startup and investment, finance, tax, real estate, and labor affairs, and diverse types of information required for living in Seoul. The Yeouido Global Business Center also regularly holds seminars and education on business startups, and provides investors with comprehensive information according to their areas of interest. The center also enables the formation of communities for exchange and information sharing between foreigners launching new businesses in similar fields, thereby providing assistance during the early stages of business startup and expediting investment. An onsite administrative service office has also been set up at the center, where officials from the Yeongdeungpo-gu Office are on constant standby to help ease inconveniences in the civil administration service for foreigners and Korean nationals, and provide efficient administrative services including the prompt, friendly processing of civil administration matters. Additionally, to galvanize business startup and investment by foreigners, the center also comprises the Incubating Office, which provides foreigners with assistance in the early phase of business and investment. For counseling on business startup, more detailed information, and inquiries on how to use the Yeouido Global Business Center, please visit the Yeouido Global Business Centers website (http://global.seoul.go.kr/yeouido), or dial +82-2-6137-9830~9833.
The Coins of Love hole, installed at Palseokdam (Pond) under the Cheonggye Plaza Waterfall on October 27, 2005, accumulated coins with a total value of 68.73 million won through late 2011 due to the installation of a Wishing Stone (February 2008) which enhanced the visibility of the hole nighttime LED lighting and arrow-shaped lighting (February  May 2010) and a granite sculpture (August 2011). These facilities were introduced following suggestions by staff of the Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corp.A member of the Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corp. (http://www.sisul.or.kr/global/eng/index.jsp) said, We have collected all the coins thrown into the water by citizens to wish for the health and happiness of their families during a visit to Cheonggyecheon in 2011, and found that their total value amounted to 32.04 million won, which is equivalent to an ordinary salaried persons annual income, showing a 3.4-fold increase from 2010 (9.51 million won), adding, We will donate all these coins, which symbolize the warm-heartedness of Seouls citizens, to the needy in February. Meanwhile, five Seoul City staffers responsible for managing the Cheonggyecheon and young men engaged in public service in lieu of compulsory military service searched the Internet in late 2011, identifying 214 types of coins issued by banks in 62 countries worldwide among the collection of coins. The number of coins (22,798) collected this time round is 3.1 times greater than the number (7,427) collected from the early days of the sites opening up to December 2010. This effectively reflects the surging number of foreign tourists coming to Seoul as a result of the Hallyu phenomenon and the emergence of Cheonggyecheon as a world-famous tourist hotspot. By country, coins from Japan were the most common (5,612), followed by Thailand (5,401), China (3,934), and the U.S.A. (2,444). One-baht coins from Thailand totaled 3,532, ranking first in terms of the overall number of a single denomination of coin, followed by 10-yen coins from Japan (3,041), and one-jiao coins from China (1,606). Coins from such faraway countries as Moldova, Fiji and Uganda  which are not often seen in Korea  were also discovered among the valuable collection. The smallest value of a coin when converted into Korean currency was 1 kopeica from Russia (0.4 won), while the largest amount was 500 yen from Japan (7,600 won).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced its City Administration Plan to Create Seoul Jointly with Its Citizens on January 9. The plan is an action plan designed to materialize the city administration of the 35th Seoul Metropolitan Government, as well as a master plan that will determine the direction of the city administration over the coming years. Under the vision of a Seoul Created Jointly with Citizens, Enjoyed Together by Citizens, the city administration plan will pursue five main goals, namely, welfare, economy, culture, sustainable urban development, and citizens rights, which will be backed up by 285 projects in 15 fields. Under the city administration plan, the Seoul Metropolitan Government aims to develop Seoul into a city for people, going beyond the decade-long period when Seoul neglected peoples needs for the sake of city development. The plan covers the period to 2014 as the specific target year however, it will not be finalized on the basis of one-time planning, but instead will be revised and improved each year to comprehensively present Seouls vision up to 2020. The investment required to implement the city administration plan up until 2014 amounts to 25.2981 trillion won, an amount that can be mobilized within the scope of resources based on the City Governments mid-term financing plan, according to an independent analysis. The fifteen key tasks to be accomplished under the City Administration Plan to Create Seoul Jointly with Its Citizens are as follows: 1. We will create a citizens welfare standard, the first of its kind in Korea, to enable every citizen to benefit from welfare. By guaranteeing a minimum level of livelihood for 50,000 impoverished people, who fall in the gray area of welfare programs and enjoy no welfare benefits, designating them as Beneficiaries of Seoul Welfare. 2. We will provide customized rental housing for residents to ease peoples worries about housing.  By expanding the portion of public rental housing to up to 7 percent by 2014, and thereby establishing the basis for reaching the OECD level. 3. We will create a City of Womens Hope where people work and care for children together.  By establishing 280 national and public childcare centers, and installing two or more each in every dong (village) through 2014, starting with disadvantaged areas. 4. We will enable students to focus on their studies without worrying about tuition fees.  By expanding free school meals to benefit all students through middle school, and increasing housing welfare for college students by 2014. 5. We will create a Seoul where everyone stays healthy by strengthening public medical services.  By increasing the number of urban branches of public health centers from four to 25, setting up at least one per ward. 6. We will create an Economy of Hope where young people are assured of a chance to fulfill themselves.  By cultivating 20,000 youth professionals dedicated to creative work, who will lay the foundations for our future economy by 2014. 7. We will create quality jobs through sharing and coalition.  By nurturing 300 village companies by 2014 with a view to invigorating the regional economy and creating jobs.8. We will expand cultural and creative activities within the life and living zones of citizens.  By securing 200 village-type cultural spaces where citizens can communicate with each other through culture by 2014.9. We will create a people-oriented city by establishing a system for sustainable city planning.  By adjusting and improving the 2030 Seoul City Basic Urban Development Plan, a blueprint for Seoul 20 years from now, jointly with Seoul citizens. 10. We will create a safe city where citizens can live life safely and feel secure.  By constructing a natural-type precipitation recycling system to expand the volume of managed precipitation by 240 percent by 2020. 11. We will create a Seoul transportation system where people come first.  By 2014, the amount of disabled people who will be able to get a taxi within 30 minutes of calling for one will increase by 90%. 12. We will continue to transform Seoul from a city that consumes resources and energy into one that generates resources and energy.  By staging an energy-saving campaign conducive to citizen participation, and by reducing reliance on nuclear power plants by expanding the introduction of renewable energy. 13. We will manage the city budget soundly with Seoul citizens.  By frugally operating the city budget via the establishment of a Public Investment Management Center, and by implementing a budgeting system based on citizen participation. 14. We will enable citizens to recover their rights via an open city administration.  By continuing to engage in communication with citizens through such measures as the establishment of the Seoul Information & Communication Center.15. We will create a warm Seoul where citizens live together in harmony by cultivating village communities  By cultivating village formation projects and installing General Assistance Centers for Village Communities.
In anticipation of the upcoming lunar New Years holiday, the Sejong Center is preparing various events and experience programs at several venues including the exhibition halls dedicated to the Story of King Sejong and the Story of Admiral Yi Sun-shin, the Sejong Museum of Art, Seoul Namsan Traditional Theater, the Dream Forest Art Center, and Samcheonggak.Performances at the Seoul Namsan Traditional Theater New Years concert of hope titled New Years Arirang, Samullori (percussion experience programs, and folk plays  New Years Mi Su Da (Chatting with Beautiful Women, aka Global Talk Show), a special traditional Korean cultural experience program for the New Year The New Years Mi Su Da will be held in the Gugak Experience Room of the Seoul Namsan Traditional Theater from January 20-24, 2012 for foreign tourists and anyone wishing to experience traditional Korean culture.The event consists of various experience activities such as slicing Korean tteok (rice cakes) wearing hanbok (traditional Korean clothing) shuttlecock making tea ceremony, and a traditional Korean music appreciation program.During the event, helpers of different nationalities will interpret for foreign tourists participating in the programs. New Years Traditional Korean Play Courtyard at the Dream Forest Art Center Exciting New Year festival courtyard for traditional Korean plays Premium dinner concert Magpie Magpie New Year at Samcheonggak This concert consists of traditional Korean gugak performances by singer Nam Sang-il and pansori singer Park Ae-ri, and a high-quality Korean evening meal. History and Culture Exploration at the Story of King Sejong and Admiral Yi Sun-shin Exhibition Halls  This event will consist of various free-of-charge programs including a traditional Korean gugak performance, the composition of blessings in Hangeul, and lucky-pouch making during the New Year holiday. Art & Cookat the Sejong Museum of Art Lets visit an exhibition and make our own cookies and muffins! 
Two four-member teams of tourists who were invited to experience Seoul, the center of the hallyu phenomenon sweeping the Southeast Asia region, paid a three-day visit to Korea from January 6. The Seoul Metropolitan Government broadcast two special programs, Sisterday, and Wake Club, which served to introduce the shooting locations of famous movies and aspects of hallyu culture via Thai national TV stations during October and November 2011. In conjunction with the programs, the City Government recruited members of delegations for a Seoul tour and experience via a post-broadcasting event conducted in Thai and English. Two people each were selected as members of the experience tour teams from Indonesia and the Philippines from among 2,338 participants in the second event. They visited various shooting locations  such as N Tower and the cable car on Namsan, and Myeong-dong  from the movie Hello Stranger, which was immensely popular in the Southeast Asian region, including Thailand, during their visit. The dynamic activities they participated in during their time in Seoul were documented and produced as a video for screening on the Seoul Metropolitan Governments Facebook channel, which has 78,000 members.  View the program and visit the post-broadcasting event pagehttp://www.visitseoul.net/en/promotion/wakeclub-sisterday/
Private game developers have developed two games with support from the Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Seoul Business Agency. Ocon, an English games developer, has produced Dibos Play Phonics, while Cellbig has developed Tourde Star, an experience-driven sports game that enables users to check the amount of exercise. Each year since 2008, the Seoul Metropolitan Government and the SBA have selected good game products and provided them with development assistance in a bid to develop functional games that generate socially positive results, including education, training, health improvement and environmental protection. Each of this years chosen games, which were completed last year after an 18-month development process, received 150 million won from the two funding bodies. Dibos Play Phonics is an affordable public English-language education program that has reformed the famed curriculum of English kindergartens, and which uses Dibo, a star character with clear color tones that is highly popular among young children. Ocon, the developer of Dibos Play Phonics, also developed Pororo, a homegrown animation that is so popular among children it has earned the nickname Po-president. As such, the new game is anticipated with high expectations. Ocon signed an agreement to broadcast Dibos Play Phonics with KT, which will start airing via the kids channel on KTs IPTV from January 2012. The other game, Tourde Star, is a new type of game, with which players are expected to move via cycle, the arcade game platform. Since the game allows players to measure the amount of exercise they have done while playing the game, it offers the positive function of health improvement among other advantages. Since this game allows members of a family to enjoy a bicycle race, a feature which distinguishes it from other games, it is expected to bring in orders worth 500 million won, primarily from welfare centers nationwide throughout the year 2012. Considering the export contracts already under negotiation, the game is expected to post up to 2 billion won in sales in foreign markets.
Twenty-five foreign students from seven countries, who are studying at universities in Seoul, will work as interns for the Seoul Metropolitan Government for seven weeks from January 9 to February 24. During the internship, foreign students from diverse countries including France, the U.S.A., and Malaysia will be deployed at Seoul City Halls main office and those of its business offices and subsidiary organizations which conduct extensive work in the areas of international exchange and administrative affairs for foreigners in Seoul. The interns will take charge of surveys of urban railroad policies and comparative studies of railway systems in the cities of other countries (Rapid Transit Bureau), a survey of high-tech agricultural facilities in other countries (Market & Consumer Affairs Division), and research on materials for improving air quality (Research Institute of Public Health & Environment, Seoul Metropolitan Government). Starting with an orientation session to be held at the Seoul Global Centers conference room at the Korea Press Center in Taepyeong-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul, on January 9, they will work with Seoul City officials at their respective departments for six hours from 9 am to 4 pm five days a week. Additionally, they will engage in volunteer activities for elderly shut-ins at the Mapo Senior Welfare Center of the Seoul Metropolitan Government and share sympathy on January 27. They will also have a chance to experience Seoul culture through tours to Kukkiwon, Bongeunsa Temple, and the National Museum of Korea. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has been conducting internship programs for foreign students living in Seoul during each summer and winter vacation since 2008, in what it is the first such initiative among government agencies in Korea. So far, a total of 236 foreign students from 40 countries have successfully completed the internship.
The Seoul Business Agency (http://www.sba.kr/eng/index.jsp), an organization exclusively dedicated to the cultivation of small and medium-sized enterprises and venture firms, will expand the number of companies using the Hi Seoul Brand in 2012, and will target one trillion won in combined sales of Hi Seoul Brand products by beefing up its various assistance programs. (* Excellent Company Brand of Seoul: http://hiseoulbrand.sba.kr/eng/default.asp) The Hi Seoul Brand project is a marketing assistance program for SMEs, which the Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Seoul Business Agency have been conducting jointly since 2004 in order to enable firms that have advanced technologies and good products but which experience difficulty cultivating their own brands to use Hi Seoul as their common brand. Hi Seoul is the promotional slogan of the Seoul Metropolitan Government. A total of 44 companies deemed to have growth potential and global competitiveness have been newly selected through four rounds of a rigorous screening process after an open recruitment campaign from among SMEs in Seoul in November 2011. Henceforth a total of 150 companies, including 106 firms that were re-selected from among those which made the previous list of such firms, will be operating with the Hi Seoul Brand. They include 45 firms in information and telecommunication, 32 in fashion and beauty, nine in culture contents, 14 in eco-friendly green business, 15 in biomedicine, and 35 in living and ideas. The SBA set one trillion won as the target for combined sales of the products with the Hi Seoul Brand for this year. This milestone comes nine years after the City Government launched the project in 2004, with the value increasing more than 100-fold from 9.5 billion won. The SBA aims to reach its target through a diverse range of initiatives, including joint product development that allows for cooperation in core technology and marketing between Hi Seoul firms domestic and international promotion through various media channels to raise awareness of the brand products support for participation in professional exhibitions in advanced markets and assistance with the dispatch of delegations for market development on six occasions per year the supply of products to online shops exclusively for the Hi Seoul Brand in CJ Mall and G Market and other related types of promotional assistance and support for the cultivation of global star enterprises among companies with global competitiveness. Meanwhile, in order to fulfill their corporate social responsibility as firms enjoying the benefits provided by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, the companies will continue to make cash and gift in-kind donations through the City Governments welfare programs, including the Hope Plus Account (donations to assist the self-sustenance of underprivileged people) and Dream Account (education of children from low-income families) in 2012 again after 2011.
Dear citizens of Seoul and colleagues of the City of Seoul:A New Year has dawned, bringing great hope and promise. I wish all of you, citizens of Seoul, in this Year of the Dragon, a healthy and vigorous year, and hope that the vitality of this sacred creature will assist you in making all your dreams come true. The year just passed was quite a bleak one for us as a society. As though we had been taken back to the development period of the past, growth seemed once again to be the be-all-and-end-all of what we stood for.Under a government policy characterized by an imbalanced focus on growth,economic disparity widened in an increasingly winner-takes-all society,resulting in a major step back in the quality of life.In the meantime, the wheel of history continues to turn, oblivious to our predicament.Enough with this winner-takes-all society! We all stand to lose in such a society. Let us now work together to create a world where all can thrive and all can win!This was precisely the desire the people of Seoul expressed through their ballot in the by-election held in October last year.This is also the major imperative of our time. Finally, this is my mission as the mayor of Seoul. Two months into my term of office, I am thrilled to address the people of Seoul at this beginning of a new year. Two months.This is certainly not enough time to get the gigantic ship that is the City of Seoul back on its true course, in tune with the demands of our time. Indeed, it is far too insufficient, especially given how far off course it has been from the path of real progress for nearly a decade now. I am, however, pleased to announce that all the preparatory steps are now behind us here at the cityadministration, thanks to the hard work of the City of Seouls staff and the cooperation of the City Council. First of all, we have cleared the path towards the free, environmentally-friendly school meal program. We have also cut tuition fees at municipal colleges in half, opening wide the door to more educational reforms. The City of Seoul, meanwhile, is no longer being run behind closed doors.The Office of the Mayor is wherever Seouls citizens are, and is necessarily all about communication. The 2012 city budget has been entirely reviewed across the board.Ostentatious projects and civil engineering projects have been eliminated to increase the budgetary allocations for community welfare and safety. The city administrations organization has also been overhauled to give greater priority to community welfare, safety, and jobs. Personnel reassignment has been undertaken on a massive scale, energizingthe workplace culture at both the City Hall and ward offices. The friction with the City Council, another big problem the city administration has been grappling with, is all but gone, relations between the two having finally been normalized. Fellow Citizens of Seoul!With this solid head-start for the year ahead,the effort to center the city administration on Seouls citizens will kick off in earnest. I invite all of you to take part in our effort to improve Seoul, and together we will enjoy the fruits of this effort.Let us make no mistake: the current political and economic conditions and the various indicators suggest that the outlook for Seouls families and the city administration is not likely to change for the better over the coming year. Nor will it be easy to heal the social rifts caused by inequalities and economic disparities.While life is never easy for anyone, The economically-vulnerable segments of any society tend to be particularly hard hit by lifes difficulties. The glitter of our metropolis, well summed up by such catchphrases as Design Seoul, hides many dark spots where people struggle with the pain of poverty. During the two-day uninterrupted tour of the poorest neighborhoods of our city I took shortly before Christmas, I became a first-hand witness of the harsh conditions in which some of our fellow Seoulites are living. I met school-age children living with their mom in a motel room.I met people, on the brink of becoming homeless, living in tiny rooms with not even three-square-meters of living space. As many as 600,000 Seoulites currently live in this type of substandard temporary housing arrangement,known as gosiwon. Some of the people I met during this tour were elderly ladies in poor health who were forced to pick upscrap paper in the streets to earn a living. One such old lady lived with a grandson in an unheated room with only an electric floor mat to keep themselves warm in the severe cold of mid-winter. Worse still, the old lady and her grandson will be forced to leave this tiny, sullen room they call home when the New Town redevelopment project kicks in. Once this room goes, the kindly neighbors who pick up scrap paper and empty cans for her, when theold lady is too sick to do it herself, and who sometimes leave a milk pack outside her door will also be gone. Where should this poor old lady go? Where can she go?Where can children growing up in a motel room find cause for hope? Who exactly will benefit from this New Town project? The purpose of a government or a city administration is to protect and assist citizens who find themselves in precarious situations, usually from no fault of their own, and who, small though they may be in terms of their means or their power, are no less important than others. Yet, our government and city administration, blinded by the lure of growth and the glitter of design, renaissance or development, have ignored the value of ordinary peoples lives and that of everyday existence. With all these values forgotten, our city is increasingly becoming one which drives out ordinary people, making life impossible for them within the city limits. I am frightened by the idea of such a city. And fear is contagious. The City of Seoul not only hurts those on the lower rungs of the socio-economic ladder, but also threatens the middle classes. If we know how others in our community are hurting, if we fear the pain, we must act so that we can vanquish it. We must find hope. Or better yet, we must create hope. This is what all of us living in Seoul should try to do.This is also what the government and the municipal administration must do. While the government and Seouls city administration, led astray by mirages, were neglecting the pain of the most vulnerable members of our community, it was individual citizens who admirably rose to the occasion to protect them. Whether an old lady in her 80s going out every day to deliver lunchboxes to her poor neighbors or a kindly and attentive neighborhood association chief extending a helping hand to all those in need in his neighborhood, when he himself has a family to look after or a neighborhood restaurant CEO making sure that kids from poor families dont skip meals during vacation when there is no school meal to keep them fed These are the real heroes who were busy protecting Seoul and the people of Seoul when those responsible were not doing their job.It is in them that I have seen the true seed of hope. It is in them that I see the vision of a citizen-centered city administration and a city made by the citizens and for the citizens. In a human-centered model of city administration, citizens are not customers, and the city hall is nota company headquarters. Citizens are not the targets of an information or marketing campaign. Citizens are sovereign. They are not the beneficiaries of charity, to be led, guided, instructed or regulated by the authorities, but actors of city governance with the right to a decent standard of living. The goal of Seouls city governance is neither one of efficiency, creativity, design nor renaissance. These are not goals, they are only means. The true and only goal of a city administration is that of ensuring the happiness of each and every citizen and providing them with a worry-free life.From growing children and students to mothers grappling with the challenges of child-rearing, young adults searching for a job and senior citizens worrying about the late years of life, assisting citizens  throughthese various stages of life and providing them with social protection is the real raison dtre of  a city hall. In short, in a people-centered model of city administration, the city must be a sheltering hill for its weary inhabitants and also a sturdy shoulder to lean on. However, such a sheltering hill cannot be created by the city hall alone, but must be created together with the citizens.This is the only way the sheltering hill can be enjoyed by all. In 2012, we will set sail on this journey of establishing a people-centered regime for the administration of Seoul. When citizens involve themselves in the administration of a city as its leading actors, we must expect more conflicts of interests and more friction. According to an old Korean proverb, when it is fair, the umbrella seller cries, and when it rains, the crock jar seller weeps. Issues like smoking in public spaces or making a skate rink outside the city hall have led to conflicts of interest and caused bad blood, so to speak. It is precisely the City Hall that is responsible for preventing and reducing conflicts between stakeholders.In the past, the city administration did not hesitate to undertake projects like New Town and neighborhood redevelopment projects, knowing full-well that they would provoke conflicts of interest. The current administration will not commit this type of error. The current administration, however, still has to deal with the conflicts of interest inherited from the previous administration, including those caused by the New Town and other redevelopment projects undertaken by the latter. Finding solutions to this intricate and tangled web of opposing interests is a mind-boggling challenge. However, through communication and discussion, we will together find solutions to this problem.A three-year city administration plan will be unveiled in the near future. Today, I would like to mention only a few of the most important tasks planned for the year 2012. The main goal for 2012 is to shift the focus of the administration of the City of Seoul onto people and onto the importance of creating a better standard of living and welfare. To attain this goal, we will begin by establishing, with the input of Seouls residents, a minimum standard of living for the city. We will increase welfare support for the population living on the threshold of poverty. We will supply 80,000 new public rental housing units to relieve the shortage of housing in our city. We will expand public child care infrastructure to assist the parents of toddlers and preschoolers. Meanwhile, we will take the measures necessary to decrease college tuition fees so as to cut the financial burden of education.We will work hard to create quality jobs that are sustainable for workers of all ages, from youth to senior citizens, by helping to secure future growth engines for CSR companies.For those households struggling under a heavy debt burden,We will find practical solutions that can assist them concretely. Now, to make Seoul a city safe from both man-made and natural disasters,The city administration will be expanding its safety services, especially for the most vulnerable segments of the population such as children and the elderly. Meanwhile, a dispersion-style rainwater management system is also being planned as part of the disaster prevention effort. The city administration will be also investing in the restoration of vanishing community values, endangered through years of indiscriminate development and a lack of concern for the social through these various stages of life and providing The city will be setting up village community centers across Seoul as well as introducing a variety of support programs to foster neighborhood-level communities. This year, there are two major events on the political calendar of the nation: the general election and the presidential election. Such events could exacerbate existing social rifts. We will be mindful not to allow these events to interfere with the citys own agenda for progress. In our relationship with the national government, we will assist it in areas where our help is vital and receive help from it when appropriate. We also intend to closely cooperate with the newly-formed National Assembly. This is because, to bring about true decentralization, we must make sure that the related laws are updated. Today, Korea is fully integrated economically, from one end of its territory to the other. Seoul, therefore, is not an island. Nor can it grow independently from the rest of the country. The city administration will strengthen its cooperation with the wider capital area and make its best efforts to find ways of achieving balanced development with regions outside the capital area. The increased tensions between South and North Korea and political uncertainty in the north surrounding the transition of power are also factors with the potential to affect the balanced development of Seoul and the quality of life of its residents. Although these are issues that go beyond the competence of a local administration, the City of Seoul plans to do what it can at its own level to help reduce tensions between the North and South and to contribute to peace on the Korean peninsula. For this reason, the City of Seoul is drafting a proposal to host the Seoul-Pyeongyang football tournament and to arrange a Pyeongyang performance of the Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra, which it willsubmit to the Ministry of Unification and the North Korean government. Making the City of Seoul a sheltering hill for its residents  this is a goal that is easier said than done. People have too long been absent from Seouls city agenda. Steering the city administration back on the right course will, therefore, take time and effort. I, as your mayor, however, refuse to be daunted by this prospect. Not only do I have no intention but also no means to do so. This is because making people once again our top priority is the great imperative of our time and the direction in which the wheel of history is turning. Dear Colleagues,We recently had a major organizational reshuffle, and many of you unfortunately had to bud goodbye to your co-workers of long date. I understand how painful such separation can be. I too was very sorry to see them go.I believe, however, that such a sacrifice is necessary to breathe new vitality into the organizational culture of the City of Seoul, as it sets out in a new direction. You are the best colleagues I have ever worked with in my life and cherished comrades with whom I will carry out the historic mission of bringing about the renaissance of the City of Seoul. I have unwavering faith in you. Dear Residents of Seoul, I have the deepest admiration for you who pursue your dreams, for you who never give up in hard times.You are the owners of this city and the raison dtre of the city administration. As we try to transform theCity of Seoul into a sheltering hill where we can all find rest and relief, I ask you to lead, help and advise so that we may better achieve this goal.Your participation is indispensable to making Seoul a citizen-centered city and a city that is a great place to live for all of us. I wish you all, residents of Seoul and colleagues of the City of Seoul,Happy New Year 2012! For my part, I, as the Mayor of Seoul, promise you that I will not spare any effort to make your lives  better, more worthwhile, and more deeply fulfilling. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has completed a 12,000 square meter citizens park, which it has been developing in partnership with the War Memorial. The park, created by dismantling fences at entrance to the memorial in Yongsan, will open to the public after concluding the six-month project. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has completed the project, which entailed the construction of amenities and green space by dismantling 260-meters of flowerbeds that encircled the front court at the War Memorial in Yongsan-dong 1(il)-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul. As a result, the War Memorial, which was barricaded by a 1~1.2 meter-high flowerbed fence, has opened itself up to citizens, offering a citizens park where the historical memorial will exist in harmony with natural green space. Notably, Citizens Park at the War Memorial is also significant because it is the largest among the projects to transform fences of public organizations into green areas, which the city government has been implementing since 1999. The city government has so far dismantled fences at 95 agencies, including Kkumnamu Maeul (Dream Village) in Eunpyeong, and Dangin Flood Pumping Station, as well as the War Memorial, and has provided citizens with green space measuring a combined 53,400 square meters. Additionally, after the remodeling of the War Memorial site, various symbolic sculptures, including sculptures of the Korean War, the Stature of Brothers, and the Stone monument of King Gwanggaeto the Great, have become easily viewable from outside, enabling citizens to learn the meaning of the memorial naturally. War Memorial Open Citizens Park is expected to become a hub park that is interconnected with the centers of history and culture around the area, including the National Museum of Korea, Samsung Museum of Art Leeum, and Kim Koo Museum and Library, as well as the anticipated Yongsan Park. Citizens Park is also located near the Itaewon Special Tourism Zone, which is frequented by many foreigners. Hence, if more tourists are able to conveniently visit the War Memorial, they will gain a better understanding of the division between South and North Korea. Currently, the War Memorial showcases more than 9,000 exhibits concerning the war, while the outdoor garden displays military tanks, aircraft, and armored vehicles, which were used during the Korean War.
The Seoul Museum of History (http://www.museum.seoul.kr/) and the Korea Institute of Science and Technology (KIST) will hold an exhibition called, Robots Go to the Museum at the Seoul Museum of History between December 27 and January 15, 2012. The event is a thematic exhibition that has been jointly organized by the Seoul Museum of History and KIST for children on the occasion of the winter holidays. The exhibition is dubbed, Encountering cutting-edge science and museums, in that robots will be displayed at a museum for the first time.A total of 12 robots will be on display during the exhibition. They include Centaur, Koreas first humanoid robot Babybot, a baby robot Maru and Ara, the worlds first network-based robots Robokin, mannequin robots that were modeled after actor Lee Jun-ki and actress Han Chae-a and Engkey, an English tutor robot, which made the 2010 TIME list of the worlds top 50 inventions. The exhibition will be a presentation on the history of robots and in Korea and their development process centered on humanoids. Visitors can examine the source of the term robot and the development of humanoid robots in Korea.
Beginning in 2012, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will pay childrearing subsidies, which were only paid to households with an income in the bottom 70%, to all families with children aged five or less who use childcare centers, regardless of their income levels. This measure will ease the burden of childrearing costs for citizens.The beneficiaries of environmentally friendly free meals will be expanded to include students at public elementary schools and first graders in middle school to benefit a total of 598,000 students. Also, halved tuition fees at the University of Seoul will be introduced, as the citys government spearheads efforts to ease the burden of tuition fees for students. On December 27, Seoul announced 52 items for its New Seoul City Policies and Changes in Citizens Living for 2012, in six areas, which call for these items and other measures. Notably, the Seoul Metropolitan Government said it has focused on the welfare and education fields, which are closely linked to living in Seoul in order to ease its citizens of the burden of living in Seoul. The New Seoul City Policies for 2012 are changes that will be made as the Seoul Metropolitan Government improves its policies and measures in linkage with the changes in laws and regulations, or seeks to help enhance the quality of citizens life. Anyone can access the information through the citys government website: (http://ebook.seoul.go.kr). Women, Welfare, and Health area  Provision of free childrearing for children aged five (provision of entire tuition expenses when a child aged five uses a childcare center) Expansion of support for single-parent families  Expansion of the exemption on the tap water supply to people under the governments basic welfare policy  Provision of special consolation allowance for the families of people who died or who have suffered for the benefit of the general public Operation of Seoul Memorial Park (cremation facilities)  Expansion of outdoor non-smoking areas Education and Culture area Expansion of the provision of free school lunches to elementary and middle school students  Introduction of half-price tuition for students of the University of Seoul Provision of interest on college student loans Matinee Concert  Seoul Philharmonic Orchestras concert in our neighborhoods Economy area Hike in the water supply and drainage fees  Change of reduction in the acquisition tax for the trading of homes, and a change in the filing and payment period of acquisition taxes on the inheritance of homes The Housing and Environment area Expansion of housing (college student housing) supply Creation of a park at a deserted railroad in Munjeong-dong Restoration of Suseong-dong Valley  Implementation of an asbestos safety management system Expansion of public facilities that are subject to indoor air quality management The Transportation and Safety area Implementation of a taxi drivers license penalty point system  Compulsory reporting to authorities of small motorbikes with a 50-cc engine or smaller,  and the obligatory purchase of insurance policies for these types of bikes Installation of a central bus stop at Suyu Station along Dobong-ro and Mia-ro Detention of the license plates of cars whose owners have overdue administrative fines  Expansion of the scope of buildings and facilities that are subject to special fire prevention inspection The Citizens Participation area Expansion of the services that are provided free of charge through Seoul Metropolitan Governments public apps
There are 6 snow sledding grounds and 12 skating rinks in the center of Seoul.The snow sledding grounds at Noeul Park in Sangam-dong, Mapo-gu, which was opened on December 21, has the longest 130m slope. The snow sledding grounds at the Neungdong Childrens Center in Gwangjin-gu offers various hands-on experience activities such as catching pond smelts, igloos, and traditional Korean games. Twelve skating rinks offer skating classes for students who are on their winter vacation. The current conditions of snow sledding grounds in SeoulThe current conditions of skate rinks in Seoul
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will donate all proceeds from a bazaar that was organized through a Donation Runway project during the Seoul Fashion Week S/S 2012 held in October 2011. The Donation Runway project raised a total of 26 million won by organizing the charity bazaar amid keen attention from fashion aficionados from Korea and abroad, as well as the general public. The project also received donations of work pieces by designers through an Awoo Doll Festival. Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon and Yun Kyeong-hye, head of Hearst JoongAng, handed over the donated funds to UNICEF as a joint donation of the Seoul Metropolitan Government and Cosmopolitan at his office in City Hall at 1:30 pm on December 21. The donated funds will be used for the vaccination of children against six major diseases (measles, polio, whooping cough, tuberculosis, tetanus, diphtheria). The funds donated are proceeds from a charity bazaar that sold clothing, fashion and accessories, and name brand beauty products donated by famed domestic and foreign brands and designers, all who participated in the Seoul Fashion Week (October 17  22). The bazaar was hosted jointly by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and Fashion Magazine COSMOPOLITAN.
Seoul Metropolitan Government is holding a series of excellent exhibitions and music concerts at the Riverview 8th Avenue (Gwangjingyo), offering citizens a fabulously romantic time at the end of 2011.From December 16 to January 8, 2012, the city is hosting the Self-admiration exhibition comprising extraordinary paintings by unknown artists. The exhibition was organized by bringing together paintings produced over a long period of time by members of an art club consisting of elementary school teachers in the Gyeonggi-do area.In addition, diverse music concerts including OST music, jazz, a 7080 concert, and classical music have been programmed for people who want to enjoy a great performance with their special someone at Christmas and the end of the year.On December 23, from 19:30 ~ 21:00, a concert consisting of OSTs from movies, TV dramas, and animated movies will be performed by the Crost Ensemble, a famous project group consisting of members of a Naver internet caf group called the OST Music Ensemble Association. On December 24, from 18:00~19:30, several jazz artists will give a concert, including Jazz on the Bridge, which will be played as a joint performance by members of the Jazz Mania team. The 7080 Concert, to be performed by the Yongmasan Meari (Echo) Team from 17:00~19:00 on December 25, is sure to leave visitors feeling nostalgic for the old days. Meanwhile, the Train of Memory departing from Hangang Concert will remind the audience of the folk guitar years and bring back memories of the 1970s and 80s among the school uniform generation. On December 31, from 17:00~18:30, there will be a classical music concert featuring tenor Son Hyeong-bin, who will sing a selection of beautiful songs by Gioacchino A. Rossini, an Italian Romantic composer.The Riverview 8th Avenue (Gwangjingyo Bridge), a representative cultural performance space on the Hangang, holds regular jazz and classical concerts every weekend. Since the performances will be staged at the observatory under the bridge, which has a limited number of seats, it is advisable to make a reservation in advance at the homepage (http://www.riverview8.co.kr).For further information on the events, please refer to the website of the Hangang Project Headquarters (http://hangang.seoul.go.kr/eng), or address your inquiries to the Riverview 8th Avenue (+82-2-476-0722) or the Hangang Project Headquarters (+82-2-3780-0796).
The Sports Facilities Management Center, Seoul Metropolitan Government has fully renovated Jamsil Swimming Pool 1, which caused many inconveniences for the public due to its aged facilities, and will reopen it on January 2, 2012. Jamsil Swimming Pool 1 is a historic site of Korean swimming, having served as a venue for the 1986 Asian Games in Seoul after its inauguration in December 1980. Last year, the Seoul Metropolitan Government conducted repair and renovation work on the pool, which will likely result in an upgrade of its safety level after its reopening. The renovation project was conducted over a period of nine months from March to December 2011, with a total budget of 4.6 billion won to fully renovate the pools interior. The pool has seen its safety enhanced through repair and reinforcement of the ceiling, waterproofing of the race pool, the installation of an interior tent structure inside the pool, a first in Korea, and the significant expansion of its amenities, including elevators for the disabled, a womens shower room, a powder room, and an outdoor rest space. To mark the reopening of Jamsil Swimming Pool 1, the facility will be opened to the public free of charge from 09:00~17:00 between December 20 and 28 to enable members of the public to experience firsthand its international standard 50-meter lanes and improved amenities and facilities. The pool will be closed on Sunday. The facility will be available to adults, teenagers, and elementary students from 06:00~21:00. It will run various programs, including regular swimming, aquarobics, and free lane swimming on weekdays. The pool will run free lane swimming sessions from 09:00~17:00 on Saturdays. For further details, please refer to the pools website at http://stadium.seoul.go.kr/, or dial the pool management team at (+82-2-2240-8752~3, 8780).
With the number of international residents in Seoul constantly rising, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is conducting a Korean Language Home Lesson program for children aged three to twelve to help prevent foreign parents from refusing their children admission to Korean schools, and to prevent those children from failing to adapt to school life, due to a lack of opportunities to learn Korean resulting from their parents lack of proficiency in the Korean language. The program is being conducted in collaboration with Daekyo, an education firm. The City Government plans to more than double the beneficiaries of the Korean Language Home Lesson program for children of foreign parents, from 200 people this year to 410 next year. The City Government offered Korean language home lessons to 200 children of foreign parents and multicultural families originating from China (29), Japan (17), the Philippines (11), Vietnam (11), Russia (6), and the U.S.A. (4) in 2011. The Korean Language Home Lesson program will be conducted as customized weekly one-on-one sessions after conducting individual language proficiency tests. Apart from Korean language lessons, the course will entail the provision of monthly magazines on education information psychological assessment (twice yearly) designed to discover the latent potential of children via an individual aptitude test and to enable students to find a future course of study a special lecture on Korean culture education (once yearly), through which professional lecturers provide living and culture information and a social and cultural experience session (once yearly), which will include contents that are practically useful in real family and social life situations. Meanwhile, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is looking for foreign children aged three to twelve (born January 1, 2000 to January 1, 2009) and children from multicultural families to participate in the Korean Language Home Lesson program between December 21 and 28. The successful applicants will be announced on the City Governments website at (http://seoul.go.kr) on December 30. Applications can be submitted online via the website (http://seoul.go.kr), or by mail to the City Governments Foreign Residents Assistance Division. For more information on the Mobile Korean language lesson program, please contact the Foreign Residents Assistance Division at (+82-2-2171-2849).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Han-don (Korea Pork) Fund Management Board jointly hosted a Korea Pork Sharing Event, bringing together some 300 foreigners at Seoul Plaza from 11 am on December 18. The event included various programs, including the sampling of Han-don and various Han-don recipes, a Han-don donation event, a traditional game experience event, instant photo-taking with Han-don dolls, and sweepstakes. The Seoul Metropolitan Government conducted a survey of the favorite Korean dishes of 1,984 foreigners in September. Samgyeopsal (grilled pork belly) ranked first with as many as 558 of the respondents picking it as their favorite dish, with dwaejigalbi (grilled spareribs) ranking ninth. In view of these preferences, the organizers arranged an event which gave foreigners an opportunity to try their hand at cooking various recipes and sample some delicious dishes made with pork. During the event, participants also had an opportunity to taste recipes made with four parts of Korea pork that are not commonly served, including tenderloin wantang, sirloin sesame leave rolls, ham rice balls, and hind leg rice cake rolls. Also on the menu was a cooking experience event in which participants could cook pork cutlets and tteokgalbi (grilled short rib patties) on their own, and take them home. The Han-don Sharing Event also enabled foreign participants and citizens to take part in a performance in which they formed balls of sharing into a pig-shaped sculpture, and to raise funds to donate to the underprivileged. Foreign residents could make reservations to participate in the Korea Pork Sharing Festival through the Seoul Metropolitan Governments English-language website at (http://english.seoul.go.kr) from December 8 to 15. However, the festival was flexibly operated to allow anyone, both nationals and foreigners, to take part and have fun together. In addition, foreign participants at the festival posted photos of the event and comments on their experiences in social network pages, including the Seoul Metropolitan Governments Facebook and YouTube pages, and promoted the lively image of people sharing the charms of rich cuisine in the Korean capital to the wider world.
The Yangcheon and Eunpyeong Global Migrant Centers operated by the Seoul Metropolitan Government held a Happy Festival on the occasion of International Migrants Day on December 18. The Yangcheon Global Migrant Center (+82-2-2643-0808) held the Happy Festival, bringing together foreign migrant workers immigrants at Seoul Citys Sinmok Social Welfare Center at 1 pm on December 18. The Happy Festival, which marks its third event this year, was attended by more than 150 people including migrant workers, and foreign wives married to Korean men. In addition, 45 foreigners (six teams) from China, Vietnam, the Philippines, and Peru gave song and dance performances from their countries, displaying their special terpsichorean skills. The festival also offered various fun and exciting events for the year-end season, including Korean language folktale narration, celebratory performances by dance clubs, recreation, and sweepstakes, and helped boost a network between foreign participants. Prior to the special skills performance, the commencement ceremony of a weekend vocational capacity development program conducted by the Yangcheon Global Migrant Center was held, while a video presentation session showing video work produced by trainees themselves was also held for participants in the festival. Meanwhile, the Eunpyeong Global Migrant Center (+82-2-359-3410) hosted I Was Happy Because It Was with You, a year-end party for migrants, at Megabox Eunpyeong at 2 pm on December 17. The event, which attracted over 150 people, including migrants and their families, consisted of a scholarship award ceremony, the award ceremony of a contest designed to raise public awareness of multiculturalism, and a screening of Arthur Christmas, a movie for all the family.
The Seoul Metropolitan Governments promotional event featuring singer Kim Hyun Joong, Seouls Goodwill Ambassador and emerging hallyu star, has generated a flurry of views by more than 58,000 users only two weeks after it was posted on various social network channels, including the Citys YouTube and Sina Weibo. The Seoul Metropolitan Government conducted an online marketing campaign using hallyu culture and highflying hallyu stars, resulting in a massive number of visits by Seoul fans to Seoul Citys SNS channels. First, the Seoul Metropolitan Government conducted an event with the theme, My most wished for experience in Seoul, inviting people to leave their comments for two weeks from November 16 to 30, which attracted a total of 7,400 people. The most common comment posted was I wish for a date with singer Kim Hyun Joong as my guide at a tourist hotspot in Seoul. Other popular comments were, I wish to watch a live broadcast of a Korean popular song concert, effectively reflecting Korean pop fever, and Id love to be locked up with my boyfriend/girlfriend with a nighttime view of Seoul from Namsan. In addition, a campaign aimed at promoting Seoul via hallyu concerts is also well under way. The Seoul Metropolitan Government carried out a web commenting event, The romantic Christmas I hope to experience in Seoul, on Facebook for eight days from November 22 to 29, offering tickets for hallyu concerts held in London, UK and Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The City Government selected 57 participants in the event, and offered them tickets for the Kuala Lumpur MLIVE Concert (December 3), which featured Super Juniors, f(x), Miss A, and B1A4, and the London UNITED CUBE Concert (December 5), which featured Beast, Four Minutes and G.na. The City Government plans to create many more Seoul fans all around the world by conducting a city marketing campaign mobilizing hallyu culture and stars, and a wide variety of events through SNS channels. The Seoul Metropolitan Government currently operates eight social media channels, including those in North America and European YouTube (http://www.youtube.com/seouldreamseries), Facebook (http://facebook.com/hiseoul), China Sina Weibo (http://weibo.com/seoulblogger), and the Japan Yahoo blog (http://blogs.yahoo.co.jp/hi_seoul_travel).
The opening ceremony for Seoul Memorial Park, a long-anticipated project to relieve Seouls cremation crisis, will be held on December 14 at 11am, as the construction work has finally been completed after 14 long years. The park will undergo one month of inspections before welcoming its first guest on January 16th, 2012. Seoul Memorial Park, which takes the shape of dedicating a flower to 37,000  wide area at Cheonggyesan (Mt.), is the first urban area cremation facility in Korea. Constructed as an eco-friendly facility, the park comprises eleven advanced incinerators, enabling up to 65 cremations per day. For user convenience, exclusive entry/exit roads and an attractive park have been built.Due to the particular characteristics of a cremation facility, local residents demanded that the facility be unnoticeable from the outside. In response, the entire building of Seoul Memorial Park has been built underground in such a way that it resembles part of the park when viewed from the exterior. Seoul Memorial Parks incinerators use the counter-flow combustion method, in which the re-combustion path is positioned at the bottom of the main combustion path. This counter-flow type of incinerator moves combustible matter from the top to the bottom during four combustion processes, consequently generating no fumes whatsoever. The facility has been evaluated as a high-tech incinerator which guarantees completely smoke-free and odorless combustion. In addition, Seoul has built an art gallery at the cremation facility to enable the staging of exhibitions and performances, as part of its plan to make the park the best new concept of integrated cultural facility in the world. Seoul Memorial Park also boasts the latest software, such as its operating system, which provides a one-stop service for the first time in Korea. Using the automated system of the one-stop service, customers can input selected options in the computer at the time of registration, whereupon all procedures are handled swiftly until the cremation process is over.
Mayor Park Won Soon met with Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa at the mayors office on the 7th floor of City Hall on December 14, 8:30 am, where they shared their opinions on investment and economic collaboration between the two cities. Mayor Villaraigosa visited the three Northeastern Asian nations of Korea, China, and Japan for 11 days from December 4th. He visited Seoul on December 13~14 to conduct strategic investment invitation marketing aimed at increasing investment in the LA region investment and attracting more tourists.On this meeting, Mayor Park said, The recent Korea-USA relationship is moving towards future-oriented development based on common values and trust to actively respond to the changing security environment and future demands of the 21st century. He proceeded, While expanding the scope of collaboration from security matters to collaboration among economic, social, cultural, and civilian organizations, the two nations must further develop their relationship to contribute to global peace and prosperity. Mayor Villaraigosa stated his views on the need to increase investment in the LA region and attract excellent Korean companies to LA, and on increasing the import and export of products and services via the port of LA. Mayor Park said, The cities of Seoul and LA signed an MOU for the establishment of a strategic collaboration relationship in the environmental field in 2006, and an MOU for the distribution of electric vehicles aimed at improving the atmospheric environment and reducing greenhouse gas emissions last year. He added, We hope to raise awareness and encourage a favorable attitude between the two cities by revitalizing practical networks rather than concentrating on MOUs and simple exchange projects.
The skating rink will open on December 17, while the Snow Festival site and snow slide site will open on December 21 at Sangam World Cup Park in Seoul. Various cultural performances, including piano performances by next generation artists from Korea and elsewhere, will be held at Dream Forest from December 21 to 25, while a wide variety of ecological and cultural experience programs will take place at different parks, including Gildong Ecological Park throughout December. The skating rink will be opened free of charge for one day on December 17, and the Snow Festival site and snow slide site will be opened for free for a day on December 21 to celebrate their opening. Various events will be held timed with different occasions, including Christmas Day and New Years Day, through February of next year. A Snow Carving Contest will take place to offer college students from across the nation a chance to express their imagination at the Snow Festival site within Noeul Park between December 21 and 25, in the wake of Snow Festivals opening. Also, an event inviting multicultural families and disabled people will take place during the World Cup Park Snow Festival. For more information, please call +82-2-784-7119 (Snow Festival, snow slide site), and +82-2-3394-8666 (skating rink). Also, 61 cultural programs have been organized at 11 other parks across Seoul, including Gildong Ecological Park, Namsan Park, Seoul Forest, to enable people to spend the year-end season in a warm and prosperous mood. Information on cultural programs to take place at parks can be found on the website for Seoul parks, http://parks.seoul.go.kr/eng/, where people can also make reservations. Dream Forest Arts Center is offering year-end performances by leading next-generation artists from Korea and abroad during the year-end season in December. Also, a gugak (traditional Korean music) performance will be staged timed with the Year-end Bell Ringing on the final day of 2011, which will be worth paying attention to. Reservations can be made for the Dream Forest year-end performances at the Dream Forest Arts Center website (www.dfac.or.kr). For more information, please call +82-2-2289-5401.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will open the Seoul Square Skating Rink, a highly popular site for experiencing winter sports in the city center, on December 16, and will keep it open to the public for 59 days until February 12, 2012. The rink will operate from 10 am to 10 pm Mondays through Thursdays, and Sundays, and from 10 am to 11 pm on Fridays, Saturdays, and public holidays. Skaters must wear protective gloves when using the rink. To mark Koreas successful bid to host the PyeongChang 2018 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games, Gangwon Province, the City Government will introduce curling lessons to enable citizens to experience an exotic sport, on top of the skating lessons available in previous years. The lessons consist of weekday classes on Mondays through Thursdays (four times), and weekend classes on Saturdays and Sundays (two times). The lessons cost 10,000 won. People can make reservations to skate seven days in advance via the Seoul Square Skating Rink website at (http://www.seoulskate.or.kr/eng.php), and tickets can also be purchased at the rink on the day as well. For the lessons, reservations can only be made in advance via the website (from seven days prior to the opening date of the lessons) on a first come, first served basis. At 6 pm on December 16, when the opening ceremony will take place, national figure skating team members, including Lee Ho-jeong, Park So-yeon, and Kim Jin-seo, will showcase demonstration performances, and a synchronized team from Lila Elementary School will stage a congratulatory performance. Speed skating champions Lee Kyou-hyuk and Lee Sang-hwa will hold a skating session with citizens after the closing of the opening ceremony. Various other events will also be held for visitors to enjoy. Souvenirs commemorating the rinks opening donated by a sponsor (Woori Bank) will be given away on a first come first served basis to 500 citizens who participate in the opening ceremony. Also, the rink will be open to the public free of charge through 11 pm after the end of the opening ceremony. Furthermore, an indoor resting space, outdoor benches, and tables will also be installed at the rink, while Photo Zones and DJ boxes will be available in various locations for anyone to enjoy and provide citizens with rest areas in the city center.
The Seoul Metropolitan Governments mobile tourism app i Tour Seoul received the grand prize in the public service category of the 2011 Smart App Awards, presented by the Korea Internet Professional Association. Introduced in 2009, i Tour Seoul is the first mobile tourism app introduced by a metropolitan or provincial government in Korea. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has been operating a Seoul tourism website (http://www.visitseoul.net) in five languages (including Korean, English, Japanese, Simplified Chinese, and Traditional Chinese) since 2001 in order to provide tourism information on Seoul and enhance the convenience of tours in the Korean capital. Owing to the increase in the use of smartphones, the City Government expanded the service by launching a mobile app in December 2009 and the mobile web in April 2010, effectively positioning the sites as an essential service for tours in Seoul. The Seoul Tourism Mobile App (i Tour Seoul) offers more than 20,000 contents that are useful for tours in Seoul, including information on accommodation, best restaurants, transportation, recommended tour courses, and shopping, free of charge. In order to promote the best restaurants, which are essential for tours in the city, the service provides information Proud Korean Restaurants, which are selected by the City Government yearly through a strict screening process, thereby enhancing tourists convenience. Additionally, the app automatically traces the users location and offers directions and public transportation information, enabling the user to conveniently navigate with the support of the app, which was newly upgraded this year. Users can also easily access information on hotspots, best restaurants, and shopping in nearby areas via an augmented reality function. 
Download
The Seoul Metropolitan Government convened the 2011 Seoul Town Meeting at the main conference room in City Hall on December 9. In attendance at the event were 100 international residents from different countries and various social classes, including students, members of Seouls foreign community, migrant workers, and foreign spouses (married to Koreans) who originate from Mongolia, Vietnam, and the Philippines,In his welcome remarks, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon said, In order to achieve the dream of creating a Seoul where everyone lives together in harmony with each other, I will listen to the valuable opinions of foreign residents, irrespective of their race, religion and nationality. At the Seoul Town Meeting, which has been held on an annual basis since 2000, participants discuss diverse issues related to their quality of life in Seoul, including education, medical services, residential environments, transportation, tourism and culture. Some of the suggestions and questions raised at the meeting are actually reflected in city administration to help address the inconveniences faced by international residents, as the meeting plays a key role in efforts to increase their satisfaction with life in Seoul. As many as 17 of the 76 suggestions made by foreign residents have been reflected in city administration over the past five years. Projects to assist international residents that have already taken effect or are currently being implemented include the legislation of an executive ordinance to prevent damage from second-hand smoking, establishment of a reporting system for jeonse (home rental based on a lump sum key deposit) and wolse (monthly home rental) transactions, issuance of debit cards that can be used overseas by foreign residents, construction of an internet reservation site for plays and movies, arrangement of spaces for foreigners art clubs, and the construction of an integrated website to enable foreigners to reserve sports facilities. Notably, this years Seoul Town Meeting incorporated interactive communications with citizens and foreign residents who could not take time off to attend the meeting, enabling them to view the event webcast live (http://tv.seoul.go.kr) and leave comments on the meetings themes via social network services such as Twitter and Facebook.
The Seoul Museum of Art will hold, The Earth from Above  Its My Home. by aerial photographer Yann Arthus-Bertrand, a world-renowned aerial photographer, on the second and third floors of the museums main building from December 15, 2011 to March 5, 2012. The exhibition will feature photos and videos by the world-famous aerial photographer Yann Arthus-Bertrand, which will be on display with essays by former Culture Minister Lee Eo-ryung. This is a high-end art exhibition that integrates photographic works of art and critiques on civilization and the love of the earth. It will premiere for the first time in the world in Korea. The event is an exhibition with stories that display a new paradigm of civilization for the 21st Century. It will be convened as a showcase that presents an Earth of Hope through communication between human-beings and nature, human-beings and animals, and human-beings with each other. More than 220 works of art by Yann will be on display, including approximately 120 pieces on the earth, 30 on Korea, and 70 on animals. Visitors will also have a chance to view Home a movie that was produced with aerial photos. The exhibition will be comprised of four themes, namely: The earth from above  Images of earth Korea from above  The rediscovery of Korea Animals  our other friends and the movie, Home.Yanns photos are created in a way that allows the earth to speak, rather than having the photographer or audience members talk, and that encourages animals to speak. This chorus of all these living organisms will guide us to deeply reflect on humanity and the earth. Meanwhile, the opening ceremony of the exhibition will take place in the main building of the Seoul Museum of Art at 5 pm on December 15. In attendance at the ceremony will be Yann Arthus-Bertrand, and former Culture Minister Lee Eo-ryung.  Seoul Museum of Art: The Earth from Above  Its My Home. by aerial photographer Yann Arthus-Bertrand  Web-link: http://seoulmoa.seoul.go.kr/global/exhibitions/exhibitionsView.jsp?seq=240&sLangCode=02
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has 145 people as its overseas reporters, including 74 foreigners and 71 Korean nationals living abroad, who are tasked with gathering exemplary policy and information cases on major cities for 80 cities in 33 countries. Overseas reporters, which the Seouls city government has been managing since 2008, are gathering the latest information in real time about the major cities where they reside, and they are conveying this information to the Seoul Metropolitan Government. The citys government reviews and refers to such information in setting its city administration policy. Overseas reporters conduct research about tasks given by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, and submit reports on such tasks. The citys government then considers and reflects the contents of these reports in setting its policy. Overseas reporters, who are working around the world, are comprised of foreigners who are interested in Seoul, ethnic Koreans, Korean students studying abroad, and the staff of government agencies and private companies working in foreign countries. They include experts from all walks of life, including designers, journalists, police, and architects. By continent, overseas reporters are comprised of 66 people in the Asia-Pacific region, 34 in North and Latin America, and 22 in Europe and Africa. By occupation, they include 68 students, 12 journalists, and four each of civil servants and designers. Overseas reporters have completed as many as 10 tasks on study of foreign cities thus far. Currently, they are gathering data on a Foreigner-Only Community Center.Meanwhile, based on its experience from managing overseas reporters over the past years, the citys government set a 2012 Plan on Ways to Activate Overseas Reporters, which calls for increasing the number of such correspondents, primarily from among experts in public administration in areas that require many project tasks, including the Americas and Europe, and will implement the plan in earnest from next year. The citys government recruits overseas reporters constantly on an irregular basis. For more information, please contact the International Cooperation Division of the Seoul Metropolitan Government at +82-2-6321-4492.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government held an Investor Relations Session for Foreign Invested Companies and Related Organizations in Korea, at the Seoul Foreign Correspondents Club on the 18th floor at the Korea Press Center in Taepyeong-ro, Seoul at 11 a.m. on December 6. The Investor Relations session focused on the promotion of the foreign investment policy the City Government is strategically implementing and major investment projects, including the creation of a financial hub in Yeouido and the development of Sangam Digital Media City as a future creative city. At the session, the City Government had a chance to hear about difficulties being faced by foreign companies and related organizations, and present proactive solutions through consultations with the Seoul Metropolitan Government and Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agencys Investment Ombudsman. Additionally, the City Government provided information on current trends of measures taken to improve various regulations that have posed obstacles to investment by foreign firms and foreign invested companies operating in Korea, enabling participating companies to recognize the importance of additional investments. The Investor Relations Session was attended by more than 100 people, including foreign firms and foreign invested companies, foreign chambers of commerce, commerce ministry officials at foreign embassies, and officials in charge of investment inducement at Seouls district offices.
The Seoul Global Center held Damunhwa Hakdang (Multicultural Education Program) and Fairytale Narration Presentation sessions in the presence of over 150 people from multicultural families at the Seoul Museum of History auditorium at 3:30 p.m. on December 3. At the presentation sessions, students at Damunhwa Hakdang, and the Fairytale Narration Class of the Korean Language Course conducted by the Seoul Global Center gave fairytale narrations in Korean, while parents and children sang Korean childrens songs in various languages to create a venue for harmony and present diverse sights and sounds for visitors to see. Over 10 children born to mothers from various countries, including Vietnam, China, Russia, and Belarus, narrated the Korean fairytale The Enormous Turnip in Korean. More than 20 children from multicultural families with mothers from Mongolia, Vietnam and the Philippines, sang a childrens song Little Star in the native language of their mothers. Another team of over 20 people from multicultural families with mothers from Russia and Central Asia sang another song Lets all do it together in Russian. Additionally, a fashion show of traditional costumes from various countries worldwide and a session to introduce different countries also convened for parents and children to take part in. The Seoul Global Center is operating Damunhwa Hakdang for children and parents from multicultural families on Saturdays. The center is operating a Dual language course in which it teaches foreign wives Korean language, while teachers from six countries teach foreign wives children the languages of their mothers. The center is also running a Fairytale Narration Class for the Korean Language Course in which participants can easily learn Korean words and phrases, which are difficult to learn, and onomatopoeia and mimetic words, which are difficult to pronounce. The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to conduct Damunhwa Hakdang programs and the Fairytale Narration Class for the Korean Language Course again next year. It will receive applications in March 2012 and start lessons in early April. For more information, please visit the Seoul Global Center website at http://global.seoul.go.kr/, or dial +82-2-2075-4141.
Seoul was named the host city for the 2015 World Federation of the Society of Intensive and Critical Care Medicine Academic Conference, which is an event that will bring together over 8,000 people in Cartagena, Colombia. This year on November 30, 2011, Seoul succeeded in its bid to attract the 32nd international conference.Approximately 100 international conferences are thus set to take place in Seoul from 2012 to 2018. Most of them are believed to be major conferences that will attract more than 1,000 participants each. As a string of large scale international events, which are dubbed the Olympic Games in the fields of medicine, architecture, mathematics, and road, are set to take place in the Korean capital, they are expected to generate combined economic benefits worth 1.3 trillion won, and to make major contributions in the development of these respective fields. One of the reasons Seoul is being highly sought after as a host city for international conferences is its customized international conferences attraction clinic, which is a program that the Seoul Metropolitan Government has been aggressively supporting. The Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Seoul Tourism Organization have been conducting aggressive activities to attract conventions, including the provisioning of administrative support such as advance visits by leaders from international organizations, and providing grants of up to 200 million won in the three phases of event attraction, promotion, and hosting. Thus, the city has successfully attracted 32 international events alone this year. The rise of Seoul as a convention city is evidenced by a string of validations by international organizations. The Union of International Associations (UIA) picked Seoul as one of the worlds top five convention cities in June 2010. Last October, Seoul was also picked as the Best MICE City at the 22nd TTG Travel Awards, which is the most prestigious tourism award in Asia.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government made a string of achievements at a Bio Expo, that was held in Baltimore, Maryland, and at a Financial Conference in New York in November. The achievements include thecity government of MOUs with global enterprises, and the successful promotion of Seoul as an Asian hub of investment and finance to officials from financial institutions and investment companies in the U.S. center of the global economy. First off, the Seoul Metropolitan Government actively assisted an MOU between Ewha Womans University and the University of Maryland, which jointly participated in the Korea-Maryland Bio Expo 2011 held in Baltimore, Maryland, as well as an MOU between Unhwa, a Korean meristematic stem cell company, and an affiliated research center of the Maryland Medicine School. At the expo, Ewha Womans University and the University of Maryland signed an MOU on education and research cooperation and pledged to conduct joint research. Ewha Womans University also held consultations with Johns Hopkins University about a possible joint research on cancer treatment equipment that incorporates three-dimensional video technology, and they also opened a channel for practical research collaboration. On November 3, the city government also convened a Financial Hub Seoul Conference, which was attended by more than 120 people from 40 financial institutions in New York. At the conference, the citys government signed MOUs on the creation of a financial hub with four global enterprises, including Pyramis Global Advisors (PGA), a subsidiary of the U.S. financial giant Fidelity. At the conference targeting major potential investors, including Wall Street financiers, the citys government introduced its, Plan to create a financial hub, which is aimed at developing Seoul into one of the three financial hubs in Asia by 2020 by creating the Yeouido Seoul International Finance Center, and a plan to support foreign invested companies through tax reductions, financial assistance, and financial deregulations.
The Seoul Global Center has produced 326 foreign CEOs through the Business Start-up School for Foreigners. Thirty-six foreigners from 18 countries are among the CEOs who successfully launched their businesses in the fields of trade, information and telecommunication, and education. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has been running the Business Start-up School for Foreigners in Seoul from 2009. The course has enabled 36 CEOs from 18 countries, including the U.S., New Zealand, Canada, and Switzerland, to successfully launch businesses. The Business Start-up School for Foreigners is providing training on issues ranging from basic information, including the process for launching businesses, permission and approval processes, to core knowledge required for business startups, including public relations and marketing, opening of online shopping malls, and acquisition of patents. Starting this year, foreign residents who complete the Business Start-up School for Foreigners are entitled to up to 50 million won in loans for startups, as they are now eligible for the Seoul Metropolitan Governments funds for the cultivation of small and medium-sized enterprises. For more information on the Business Start-up School for Foreigners, please visit the Seoul Global Centers website at (http://global.seoul.go.kr), or dial +82-2-2075-4139.
The Showcase for UNESCO Creative Cities, which takes place at Dongdaemun History and Culture Park in Seoul City, displays valuable and exotic items, which are hard to find in other events. Manchester United opus, an exhibit from Shenzhen City, China, on display at the Event Hall, is the worlds heaviest soccer book, which carries the 129-year history of the famed English soccer club Manchester United. The book measures 50 centimeters long and wide (1 meter when opened), is 14 centimeters high and weighs 37 kilograms. It is one of the best exhibits at the exhibition, and it was printed by a publisher in Shenzhen. The Showcase for UNESCO Creative Cities is held as part of the UNESCO Creative Cities Network Conference Seoul 2011, which brings together cultural content from 29 Creative Cities worldwide. The exhibition, which was organized under the concept of Backpacking in the Worlds Creative Cities, takes place at the Event Hall and Design Gallery in Dongdaemun History and Culture Park. Since the two exhibition halls have been interconnected, the exhibition enables visitors to gain diverse cultural experiences about 29 UNESCO Creative cities in seven categories, in a free environment, as if they are on backpack tour. The exhibits were sent from various cities, and the exhibition consists of Design City Zone, Literature City Zone, Movie City Zone, Media Art City Zone, Music City Zone, and Arts and Craft and Folk Art City Zone. The Showcase for UNESCO Creative Cities will be held at the Event Hall and Design Gallery in the Dongdaemun History and Culture Park through December 9. The exhibition halls will open from 10 am to 9 pm every day without holidays.  Dongdaemun Culture and History Park: http://ddp.seoul.go.kr/eng/
A total of 295 (16 percent) of 1,849 foreigners picked Namsan (kissing with boyfriend/girlfriend by locking in the lock at N Seoul Tower while overlooking Seoul cityscape) as the best hotspot of their choice in Seoul. The respondents included 44 people from English speaking regions, 241 from the Greater China region, and 10 from Japan, displaying an especially high preference for Namsan. Myeong-dong (Korean brand cosmetics shopping tour) came next with 13.4 percent (247 people), followed by Gyeongbokgung Palace (Changing of the royal guards and experiencing of guards military uniforms) with 10.9 percent (201 people). These are results of the survey the most charming hotspots in Seoul, which was conducted among 1,849 people (including 534 people from English speaking countries, 1,080 people from Chinese and 235 people from Japanese) during November 3 to 20. Then came Exploring Eight Scenic Views of Bukchon and Hanok (traditional Korean housing) Village alleys and experiencing a stay at hanok (189 people or 10.2 percent), Enjoying 24-hour-shopping in Dongdaemun and transforming into fashion leaders (99 people or 5.4 percent), Dating and walking on fallen leaves at Seoul Forest (98 people or 5.3 percent), and Enjoying night view with boyfriend/girlfriend at observatory cafes at the Hangang river (97 people or 5.2 percent). Foreigners displayed different levels of preference for Seoul hotspots by the region of their languages. People from the English-speaking countries liked Gyeongbokgung the most (first place with 16.7 percent), N Seoul Tower (second place with 8.2 percent), and then Insa-dong (third place with 7.5 percent). Those from the Chinese region liked N Seoul Tower the most (first place with 22.3 percent), Myeong-dong (second place with 17.2 percent), and then Bukchon (third place with 9.2 percent). Those from Japan liked Bukchon the most (first place with 23.8 percent), Gyeongbokgung (second place with 15.7 percent), and then Myeong-dong (third place with 8.9 percent). Based on the results of a Survey of the Top 50 Charms of Seoul conducted among foreigners and international residents last August, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is conducting surveys on various themes. The City Government conducted surveys on foods in October, and Things foreigners want to do at Seoul hotspots in November. It plans to conduct surveys on various themes such as culture, experience and IT on a regular basis, with the results reflected in the Citys tourism policies.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government participated in the 28th CITYNET Executive Committee at the Ruposhi Bangla Hotel in Dhaka City, Bangladesh from November 25-26, and delivered a presentation on the development strategy for CITYNET, which will move its secretariat to Seoul in 2013, and on a Seoul-style overseas development assistance program, which will be implemented in earnest in the near future. Established in 1989, CITYNET is a representative international organization for the Asia-Pacific region, which aims for the construction of an efficient network between cities in the region, and sustainable urban development through policy exchange and international cooperation. The Seoul Metropolitan City joined the organization in 1989. The Seoul Metropolitan Government participated in the CITYNET Executive Committee, which was held from 10 am on November 25, and proposed measures to ensure co-prosperity and cooperation, including CITYNETs vision and development strategy, and ways to use the international cooperation network. Seo Jeong-ha, Seoul Metropolitan Governments Advisory Ambassador for International Relations, announced in his presentation that Seoul Metropolitan Government would conduct proactive activities to pursue the co-prosperity of the member cities of CITYNET, which are mostly cities in developing nations. Notably, Seo also noted that the Korean capital will seek to expand Seoul-style ODA projects in cooperation with CITYNET member cities. Additionally, Seo presented ways to ensure stable operation of the CITYNET Secretariat, which will relocate to Seoul in 2013, and ways to strengthen the leadership of the participating cities. The conference was attended by 14 cities in the Asia region, including Yokohama, Dubai, Makati, Colombo and Kathmandu, and five organizations and institutions, including the World Bank based in the U.S., and the U.N. Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific that is based in Thailand. Meanwhile, in order to develop CITYNET into a trustworthy international organization that links global cities with one another and that can represent the Asia and Pacific region by securing new member cities, the organization plans to expand its exchange and cooperation with the consultative bodies of cities, including the U.N., the World Bank, and the OECD, and thus elevate its international stature.
The Seoul Metropolitan Governments women friendly urban policy became the winner of the Metropolis Award Special Mention, which is presented every three years by Metropolis, an international organization involving 119 cities worldwide. Park Hyun Kyung, President of the Seoul Foundation of Women and Family (http://www.seoulwomen.or.kr/nhpeng/index.jsp) received the Metropolis Award Special Mention as Seouls representative at the 10th Metropolis World Congress that was held in Porto Alegre, Brazil from November 23 to 26. Ms. Park delivered a keynote speech at the event on November 23, and introduced the Seoul Metropolitan Governments women friendly policy under the theme of, Achievements and Challenges in the Women International Network Forum, to participants from around the world. Metropolis is the World Association of the Major Metropolises, which has 119 cities worldwide as members, and is aimed at international cooperation and exchange between metropolises around the world. Specifically, the organization conducts information exchange, and technology assistance projects on urban development, environmental protection, and economic development. Seoul Metropolitan Government joined it in 1987. In attendance at the latest Metropolis World Congress, which was held under the theme of, Cities in Transition, were more than 100 speakers from over 90 cities worldwide, including policy makers and officials from member metropolises, and international organizations, including President Dilma Roussef of Brazil Michelle Bachelet (former Chilean President), the Chief of UN WOMEN and Joan Clos, the Director-General of UN Habitat. Since Seoul Metropolitan Government has won the UN Public Service Award for two consecutive years in 2010 and 2011 with its women friendly policy and projects, and has now received the Metropolis Award Special Mention, Seoul Metropolitan Government is expected to further elevate its international stature as a women friendly city.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the Media Walker: Cheerful Walk in a Multidimensional Media Space exhibition on the third floor in the DMC Promotion Room in Sangam-dong through December 7. The Media Walker exhibition has been devised to create the entire exhibition space at the facility into a space for walking, and allowing visitors to feel and experience elements of media and entertainment. In the exhibition, over 500 eco-friendly paper boxes of various sizes are installed in a circular track measuring 14 meters in diameter and 1.5 meters in width, thereby enabling visitors to view the boxes and various objects around them, while walking through the track. In and outside of the track, 11 objects, including the Dancing Man, and the Smiling Mask, are on display. Via sensors that have been installed, the media exhibits make movements or react by sensing visitors movements and sounds to present various things for visitors to view and enjoy. The exhibition is designed to enable visitors to appreciate various media exhibits through walking by presenting a new type of spatial exhibition. It also focuses on giving as much consideration as possible to people, the viewers of the exhibition, by enabling them to experience rather than simply view general works of art. It does so by integrating analog and new media. The DMC Promotion Room is open from 10 am to 6 pm on weekdays, and closes on Sundays and holidays. When one needs a guided tour by an onsite guide or makes a visit as group, he or she is advised to call +82-2-309-7067, or visit the Seoul Metropolitan Government Digital Media City website (http://dmc.seoul.go.kr/eng/index.do) and make a reservation ahead of time.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has created a Seoul Haevichi Multicultural Family Education Center, which is designed to support the seamless early settlement of multicultural families in Seoul and programs for early adaptation to school life. They are currently recruiting 360 trainees for 26 classes for seven courses from among foreign wives married to Korean men, children from multicultural families, and foreign children who entered Korea as students. The Seoul Haevichi Multicultural Family Education Center is a private and public cooperation body, which is operated through the Seoul Metropolitan Governments provision of venue, and the Haevichi Social Contribution Culture Foundations (Hyundai Motor Group) financial subsidies for operation. It is managed by the Center for Multi-cultural Korea. People recruited include foreign wives who wish for early settlement in Korea and who seek stabilization for their daily living circumstances, foreign migrant workers, children from multicultural families who aim to build up self-confidence and inter-personal relationships, foreign children who came to Korea as students, and children who quit school and experienced troubles due to the inability to adapt to a school setting. The courses that are recruiting trainees include Korean language education designed for foreign migrants, vocational training, dual language (English and Chinese) education for licenses for children from multicultural families, special trades training, Korean language education, and qualification examination for high school entrance for foreign children who came to Korea as students. The programs last for one to six months, and all classes are offered absolutely free. Those who want to take the courses are advised to download an application from the public announcement section of the Center for Multi-cultural Koreas website (http://www.cmck.kr), fill out the form, and submit it by fax +82-2-737-0469) or email (cmck@naver.com). For more information on education and training, please dial the Center for Multi-cultural Korea at (+82-2-737-0467~8).
The Seoul International Finance Center in Yeouido, a vast project aimed at transforming Seoul into the financial hub of Northeast Asia, will make its debut at last, nine years after the projects commencement in 2003. The Seoul Metropolitan Government held the opening ceremony for the Seoul International Finance Center Office 1 on the 32nd floor of the SIFC Office 1 in Yeouido-dong, Yeongdeungpo-gu, at 10 am on November 17. Construction of the Seoul International Finance Center Office started in December 2006. The project, Koreas largest, comprises three commercial towers, a 38-story five-star hotel, and a three-story underground retail mall, and will be completed in phases by the end of 2012. For the newly opened 32-story Office 1, an advance lease method of renting office spaces was adopted before its construction. Currently, sixteen world-renowned financial companies, including Deloitte, ING Investment Management, ING Real Estate Investment Management, Daiwa Securities, China Merchants Securities, and The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, have signed rental contracts with the building, which has posted a high advance rental ratio of 76.6 percent, a rarity among new buildings. The three-underground-level IFC Mall, scheduled to open in next years first half, will be the first general shopping center in Yeouido. Housing over 110 premium brands, including a multiplex cinema and a large bookstore, the mall has already posted a high rental ratio of over 70%, and is destined to emerge as a center of business, shopping, and culture. With a view to developing Seoul as a center of economy and finance in Northeast Asia, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is striving to create the best possible investment environment by attracting international commerce, housing, and cultural facilities to Yeouido. Seoul International Finance Center is a landmark that will materialize this vision, and constitutes one of Koreas largest projects, which is tasked with public function of cultivating Seoul as a center of economy and finance in Northeast Asia.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the results of its evaluation for the Hansik Audition Delicious SEOUL Story, which was held for foreigners from around the world to spread the hallyu fever to hansik, and thus lead the phenomenon to actual Seoul torus.The contest attracted the participation of 64 teams from 27 countries. Five teams were singled out as distinguished teams, and ten participants from four countries will be invited to visit Seoul from November 23 to 26. Delicious SEOUL Story was hosted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government for a month from October 1 to 31 through its YouTube channel (www.youtube.com/visitseoul). The event was hosted jointly by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and Asiana Airlines. Ten members of the distinguished teams will experience traditional culture, including visits to famous restaurants in Seoul, attend a hansik cooking class, and visit Bukchon Hanok Village. Furthermore, they will participate in the final round competition, in which they will demonstrate their own creative recipes in a bid to become the winning team on November 25. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will film the entire event, and upload the footage onto Stories of Delicious SEOUL Story Experience on YouTube to promote the latest charms of Seoul to web users worldwide.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will present a Pansori Storytelling performance complete with English narration to enable foreigners to easily understand pansori, a traditional Korean genre of narrative song designated as an Important Intangible Asset of Korea and as a UNESCO World Cultural Heritage. The event will be staged at Haechi Hall in the Seoul Global Culture & Tourism Center, which is located on the fifth floor of M Plaza in Myeong-dong 2(i)-ga, at 3 pm every Monday until December 12. The Pansori Storytelling performance will feature the main scenes of Heungboga and Chunhyangga, which count among the Five Pansori Madangs (stories) that are usually performed as a full story. For the performance, a myeongchang (master vocal) will narrate each scene in song, after which Kim Seung-a, Koreas Global Storyteller No. 1, will explain in English the contents of the scenes, and the related history, traditions, folklore and tales of Korea. In addition, the event will present experience-focused performances that go beyond the style of conventional performances that have been staged thus far, including the learning of useful Korean expressions through pansori, and gugak (traditional Korean music) childhood songs, Korean cultural traditions to which most foreigners have had very limited access. For further details on the performance, please visit the Seoul Global Culture & Tourism Centers website (http://seoultourism.kr). Up to 200 people will be admitted on the day on a first come, first served basis, free of charge.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will run the Foreign Migrant Visits to Korean Homes Program, under which more than 100 foreigners, especially foreign migrant workers, will be invited to visit 50 Korean homes, on December 4. The City Government is recruiting Korean homes and foreigners to participate in the program until November 22. The City Government hopes the program will provide an opportunity for the Korean participants to gain a better understanding of foreigners and learn more about global culture, while enabling international residents in Seoul to experience Korean family culture and enhance their understanding of Korea, thereby helping them to adapt to life in Korea. Any Korean families and foreign residents in Seoul who are interested in taking part can apply. Large Korean families (of three generations), foreign migrant workers, and foreigners in family groups will be preferentially selected. For further details and registration, please visit the Seoul Global Centers website (http://global.seoul.go.kr), or the websites of the seven Migrant Workers Centers in Seoul, and download the application form. For further information, please dial the Foreign Residents Assistance Division at +82-2-2171-2833.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will start installing the Seoul Plaza Skating Rink, which has been renovated with eco-friendly materials, in late November, and open the facility at Seoul Plaza in Taepyeong-ro, Jung-gu on December 16. The Seoul Plaza Skating Rink will be open daily between December 16 and February 12, 2012 (from 10 am to 10 pm Mondays through Thursdays and Sundays, and from 10 am to 11 pm on Fridays and Saturdays, and holidays, excluding Sundays). The entrance fee is 1,000 won per hour, and has remained unchanged for the past eight years. Notably, the City Government will expand skating lesson spaces for beginners, add one more rink space, and operate three rinks (large, medium and small) in order to stage various events. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will launch a curling lesson program in addition to skating lessons to allow the public to experience diverse winter sports and celebrate Koreas successful bid to host the PyeongChang 2018 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games. It also plans to expand the rest areas and operate a Photo Zone as part of its efforts to expand and improve the services for rink users. To prevent the grass on the plaza from being damaged, the City Government is installing an eco-friendly wooden deck to set up the skating rink, and using electrical freezing equipment that produces zero emissions, while utilizing eco-friendly, energy-saving machinery for maintenance of the ice rink.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is staging diverse events for the public this month, including the Seoul Lantern Festival 2011, the Asian Performing Arts Festival 2011, and the Seoul Photo Festival 2011. It is also offering various culture and art programs that family groups can enjoy together, including the Blue Squares opening musical, Zorro, its opening concert and opera La Traviata, the Shakespeare play Twelfth Night, and the ballet Giselle. Blue Square is the first performing arts center to have been constructed with private sector funds. The Asian Performing Arts Festival 2011, a joint Korea-Japan event set to take place at Ground Scene in Daehangno on November 19~20, will feature the first staging in Seoul of a play by Shikeki Nakano, a theater director from Tokyo. The Seoul Lantern Festival 2011, which kicked off on November 4 and will continue until November 20, features a display of decorative lanterns from all around the world including Korea. La Traviata, performed by the Seoul Metropolitan Opera, will captivate opera fans at the Grand Theater at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts from November 24 to 27 (Thurs-Sun). The musical, loved by opera buffs worldwide, is attracting attention as the perfect opportunity to appreciate the performing art work of the Seoul Metropolitan Opera, which has stubbornly preserved its authenticity. The Sejong Belt Gwanghwamun S-Day, which will be held free of charge on November 27, is a culture and art package product that allows visitors to experience history and culture in the Gwanghwamun area, and visit various exhibitions and culture and arts performances. The Seoul Photo Festival 2011, whose winning photos are on display at the Seosomun Main Building and the Gyeonghuigung Annex Building of the Seoul Museum of Art until November 30, will also feature photographs by famous foreign photographers, to be unveiled for the first time in Korea, and those by the best photographers in Korea. Admission is free. The Special Winter Vacation Exhibition, which will take place at the Nam Seoul Annex Building of the Seoul Museum of Art from November 26 to February next year, will offer visitors a chance to enjoy a wide variety of modern arts and experience art in a relaxed and friendly fashion. Various other programs will also be presented to allow people to learn about arts and crafts and traditional culture. The I Am an Artist program, held every Saturday at the Sindang Creative Arcade of Seoul Art Space, enables people to learn various arts and crafting techniques from artists who have studios in the art facility. Members of the public can participate in the program by signing up online or at the site. For further details, please call the 120 Dasan Call Center.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold an inaugural ceremony for the 35th Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon through a live webcasting at the Mayors Office on the 7th floor at the Annex Building 1 of Seoul City Hall Seosomun for 40 minutes, starting at 11 am on November 16. The ceremony will be an open inaugural ceremony, which will appoint all citizens as Seoul Mayor, under the slogan, Citizens are Mayors. The inaugural ceremony will take place via live webcast, which is quite unusual. The inner room and interior of the Mayors Office, which was recently renovated, will be made public via the webcasting over the internet. The Seoul Metropolitan Government said it is the first time that the Mayoral Office will be disclosed to the public, and the move holds a symbolic meaning as a gesture to return the authority and glory of the Seoul Mayoral Post to citizens. Mayor Park will sing the national anthem in person during the pledge of allegiance session, and make his inaugural pledge and deliver inaugural speech together with citizens via online. While Mayor Park delivers his inaugural speech, all citizens will also post their own inaugural speeches, and I am the mayor too messages via the internet and SNS, sharing the honor of being inaugurated as Seoul Mayors themselves. After the online inaugural ceremony, Mayor Park will move to Daehanmun Gate in Deoksugung, and will hold a meeting with citizens there. The session will be organized to provide all citizens who are not comfortable with using the internet a chance to participate in the inaugural ceremony. In conjunction with the online inaugural ceremony, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will operate an online inaugural ceremony site on its website (www.seoul.go.kr) from November 14 to 18. For people who are not comfortable with the internet, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is staging a View together campaign to enable people underprivileged in information access to take part in the celebration. The City Government will also operate a corner for citizens participation, where they can upload commemorative photos and user-created content. On the inauguration day, the entire inauguration process will be shown live via webcast, including the inaugural pledge, inaugural speech, and a question and answer session with online participants on November 16. The event will be live streaming on the web simultaneously via the City Governments Website, and portal sites, including Naver, Daum Pot, olleh On Air, Pandora TV, and Africa TV. For two days following the ceremony on November 17 and 18, the City Government will operate a corner for citizens participation and corner for viewing interesting episodes. After completing the operation of these services, diverse, related content will be posted on the City Mayors homepage to sustain the excitement of the inaugural ceremony. Mayor Park Won Soon said, Overcoming the practice of physical events, this inaugural ceremony, held together with many citizens, is an important, symbolic event that is designed to put into practice participation by the people and contribute to a transparent administration. He added, I will keep my initial pledge to continue to establish a Seoul City where citizens are the owner. URL for online inaugural ceremony: mayor.seoul.go.kr (Mobile web: m.seoul.go.kr) Operated only in Korean
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold an inaugural ceremony for the 35th Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon through a live webcasting at the Mayors Office on the 7th floor at the Annex Building 1 of Seoul City Hall Seosomun for 40 minutes, starting at 11 am on November 16. The ceremony will be an open inaugural ceremony, which will appoint all citizens as Seoul Mayor, under the slogan, Citizens are Mayors. The inaugural ceremony will take place via live webcast, which is quite unusual. The inner room and interior of the Mayors Office, which was recently renovated, will be made public via the webcasting over the internet. The Seoul Metropolitan Government said it is the first time that the Mayoral Office will be disclosed to the public, and the move holds a symbolic meaning as a gesture to return the authority and glory of the Seoul Mayoral Post to citizens. Mayor Park will sing the national anthem in person during the pledge of allegiance session, and make his inaugural pledge and deliver inaugural speech together with citizens via online. While Mayor Park delivers his inaugural speech, all citizens will also post their own inaugural speeches, and I am the mayor too messages via the internet and SNS, sharing the honor of being inaugurated as Seoul Mayors themselves. After the online inaugural ceremony, Mayor Park will move to Daehanmun Gate in Deoksugung, and will hold a meeting with citizens there. The session will be organized to provide all citizens who are not comfortable with using the internet a chance to participate in the inaugural ceremony. In conjunction with the online inaugural ceremony, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will operate an online inaugural ceremony site on its website (www.seoul.go.kr) from November 14 to 18. For people who are not comfortable with the internet, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is staging a View together campaign to enable people underprivileged in information access to take part in the celebration. The City Government will also operate a corner for citizens participation, where they can upload commemorative photos and user-created content. On the inauguration day, the entire inauguration process will be shown live via webcast, including the inaugural pledge, inaugural speech, and a question and answer session with online participants on November 16. The event will be live streaming on the web simultaneously via the City Governments Website, and portal sites, including Naver, Daum Pot, olleh On Air, Pandora TV, and Africa TV. For two days following the ceremony on November 17 and 18, the City Government will operate a corner for citizens participation and corner for viewing interesting episodes. After completing the operation of these services, diverse, related content will be posted on the City Mayors homepage to sustain the excitement of the inaugural ceremony. Mayor Park Won Soon said, Overcoming the practice of physical events, this inaugural ceremony, held together with many citizens, is an important, symbolic event that is designed to put into practice participation by the people and contribute to a transparent administration. He added, I will keep my initial pledge to continue to establish a Seoul City where citizens are the owner. URL for online inaugural ceremony: mayor.seoul.go.kr (Mobile web: m.seoul.go.kr) Operated only in Korean
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the UNESCO Creative Cities Network Conference Seoul 2011 from November 16 to 17 at the COEX Intercontinental Hotel, where participants will discuss cooperation between cities and global development. Mayors of the 25 cities from 18 countries that have already been designated as Creative Cities by UNESCO will gather together for the first time in Seoul, along with the mayors of the 15 candidate cities in 11 countries that are currently seeking to become UNESCO Creative Cities. To date, 29 cities in 19 countries have been designated as UNESCO Creative Cities. Among Korean cities, Seoul was designated as a Creative City in the design category, and Icheon City in Gyeonggi Province was named a Creative City in the arts and crafts sector, in July 2010. Many other Korean cities are also seeking to join the league of Creative Cities. The conference, which is being held under the theme of Sustainable Urban Development Based on Creativity, will be attended by professionals from Korea and overseas, along with numerous students majoring in the related fields. The first days sessions will take place from 9 am to 3 pm on November 16, while the second days sessions will take place from 9 am to 6 pm on November 17. Any citizens who are interested in the conference can take part in the sessions free of charge by registering early at the UNESCO Creative Cities Network Conference Seoul website (http://www.unescoseoul.org/eng/conference/overview.jsp). In addition to the conference, an exhibition titled Showcase for UNESCO Creative Cities will be held at the Event Hall and Design Gallery in the Dongdaemun History & Culture Park for 24 days between November 16 and December 9, to introduce the unique cultures of the 29 Creative Cities to Seoul. Organized under the concept of Backpacking in the Worlds 29 Creative Cities, the exhibition is designed to enable visitors to experience the diverse cultures of the UNESCO Creative Cities in a free environment, as if they were participating in a backpack tour. As such, the event will be especially useful to children. Admission is free. The exhibition will be open from 10 am to 9 pm every day including Public Holidays.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will lease to eight foreigners possessing items for business startup the four Incubation Offices at the Seoul Global Business Support Center in COEX in Gangnam, and another such center that is due to open at the Seoul International Finance Center in Yeouido on November 17. The available Incubation Offices include three office units measuring 5.75 sq. meters each in the Gangnam Center, and one 25.9 sq. meter unit in Yeouido. The Gangnam offices will be provided individually, while the Yeouido Office will be shared by five would-be startup entrepreneurs. The City Government will provide foreign tenants in incubating offices with one-on-one incubating services, including essential information that is required for the actual starting up of a business, such as targeting ones market and acquiring patents, as well as basic information concerning the startup process, the acquisition of permits and approvals, and labor affairs. The new tenants will be able to use the offices from this December to May of next year. Foreigners wishing to occupy the offices are required to submit application forms, including detailed business plans, between November 11 and 21. The applicants will undergo a review, and the finalists will be announced on December 2. The Seoul Global Business Support Center provides a one-stop service on business activities, including startup and investment, to foreign invested companies and international residents in Seoul. The centers offer other information on the domestic business environment and the laws and regulations on business startup and investments, which is necessary for living in Seoul, in English, Chinese and Japanese for free. Recruitment of tenants at the Incubation Offices will be announced on the Seoul Global Centers website at (http://global.seoul.go.kr/).
Sangam Digital Media City (DMC), which is under construction as a digital creative hub for northwestern Seoul, has seen its rate of occupancy by high-tech companies rise from 80 percent in 2008 to 94.5 percent this year. According to an Inspection of Progress with the Sangam DMC Project conducted in the third quarter of 2011 (between October 7 and 13), the total number of firms housed at the DMC amounted to 662, with the number of workers reaching 28,054. As a result, the complex posted an overall occupancy rate of 94.5 percent. The Seoul Metropolitan Government cited the following reasons for the hike in the occupancy rate at the DMC: good geographical access, ample transportation infrastructure, cooperation between companies in the facility, and the City Governments assistance program for firms. The DMC sits in a convenient location, benefitting from road networks that enable people from Incheon International Airport to get to the DMC in 30 minutes and from anywhere in the Seoul metropolitan region in an hour. Furthermore, if one uses the Incheon Airport Railway, which opened recently, it takes just 42 minutes to get to the DMC from the airport and only eight minutes from Seoul Station. Another reason for the hike in the occupancy rate at the DMC is the generation of synergistic effects through cooperation between high-tech firms housed at the DMC and the execution of joint projects by them. The success is also due in part to the City Governments systematic assistance service for companies, and its various promotion policies aimed at cultivating small and medium-sized firms into global enterprises. With the opening on October 28 of Stanford Hotel (opening ceremony on November 9), a five-star business hotel, as the first major accommodation facility in the DMC, the complex has now secured a business infrastructure, including accommodation and seminar facilities, which had been lacking in an area previously only packed with high-tech firms. Sangam DMC is a successful urban development project that has transformed 569,925 of deserted land around Nanji-ro into a world-class media and entertainment hub. The complex is slated for completion in 2015.
Seouls hallyu tourism, medical tourism, and many of its major attractions will be introduced on Fast Track, the flagship tourism program of the BBC, in 69 countries worldwide including 26 Asian nations and 43 European countries. The show will air at 03:30 GMT on November 5 and 04:30 GMT on November 12.Since the show will also be rerun six times according to regional broadcasting schedules, it will be aired eight times in total around the world. The program has been produced and is set to air on the BBC thanks to a combination of Seoul Metropolitan Governments efforts to attract tourists from Europe and Southeast Asia, who are considerably fewer in number than those from Japan and China, the K-pop fever that is sweeping the world, and the BBCs plan to shed light on medical tourism in Korea. The Seoul Metropolitan Government expects the Fast Track program, which will introduce Seoul to BBC World viewers in two 30-minute episodes, will make a practical contribution to promoting the Korean capital as an attractive city. Fast Tracks production team started planning the Seoul edition in August 2011. Then, producer Dawn Lake and reporter Razan Datar visited Seoul in person with their camera crew, and filmed sights and sounds in the city between October 21 and 28. In Fast Tracks Seoul edition, the production team will introduce hallyu culture, which is highly popular all around the world, present in-depth coverage on the current status of medical tourism, and showcase diverse tourist hotspots in Seoul. Meanwhile, BBC World is also producing a 30-minute mini-documentary titled One Square Mile on Seoul, which will introduce the life of Seoul citizens on its own, and will air the show on December 24.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government participated in the Korea-Maryland USA Bio Expo 2011 held in Baltimore for four days from November 1 (local time), and the 2011 Financial Hub Seoul Conference held in New York on November 3. At each of the events the City Government conducted a strategic marketing campaign, with the focus on promoting Seouls investment environment, attracting considerable attention from investors. At the Korea-Maryland USA Bio Expo 2011, the City Government promoted the major investment inducement projects it is aggressively implementing, including the Magok Industrial Complex and Sangam DMC. By widely promoting the Magok Industrial Complex, which is being developed into a cutting-edge fusion and convergence R&D hub, the City Government conducted extensive premarketing campaigns aimed at attracting R&D companies based on next-generation growth engine industries, including the IT, BT, NT, GT and fusion and convergence industries, which will help invigorate the complex.At the 2011 Financial Hub Seoul Conference on November 3, the City Government introduced the construction of the Yeouido financial hub and promoted the financial investment environment in the Korean capital. The City Government explained various features of Seouls status as a global city, including the foreign schools, rental housing and medical facilities for international residents that are currently under construction as part of a drive to improve foreigners residential environment and lifestyle convenience, and thereby enhance the foreign investment environment. It also signed an MOU on cooperation for the establishment of a financial hub with Pyramis Global Advisors, which has shown keen interest in advancing into Seoul. Under the MOU with Pyramis Global Advisors, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is expecting global financial institutions to move into Seoul and expand their operations into Korea. The City Government is also anticipating that the agreement will help increase foreign financial institutions interest in the Seoul International Finance Center, and enable them to accelerate their move into the center, which will open in November. The City Government expects these efforts will convey a positive image of the City, as Seoul is striving to cultivate a financial hub at a time when the Asian economy is fast emerging amid a slump in global finance in Europe and the U.S.A. It is also seeking to step up its investment inducement activities and encourage global financial institutions to expand their foray into Seoul.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is seeking to facilitate a fusion and convergence of general manufacturing industries and cutting-edge IT technologies within the Seongsu IT Industrial Complex in order to discover new areas of industry and pursue concurrent development of both the manufacturing and IT industries. The complex opened in May 2011. By combining the manufacturing sector and IT technology, the City Government aims to seek technological innovation and increase added values of the manufacturing sector, cultivating the Seongsu IT Industrial Complex into a hub for regional economic development. Notably, the City Government will construct an industry-academia-research institute network based at the Seongsu IT Industrial Complex to improve infrastructure for supporting business operations, and pursue convergence of the manufacturing sector including machinery, metal and printing industries with IT technologies. By so doing, it will seek to transform the area into a new Silicon Valley of Seoul. This year, the Seongsu IT Industrial Complex, as a business incubation center, has been focusing on providing assistance to companies that are housed at the Center. But the Center plans to further expand its business areas to the entire industrial district and conduct projects aimed at innovation (convergence) of the manufacturing and IT industries next year. In the future, the Seongsu IT Industrial Complex will form and operate a global business club jointly with professionals in respective fields, including companies, universities, research institutes, state organizations, Korean and foreign chambers of commerce and industry, related organizations, financial institutions (investment companies) and media firms. Thus it will construct a global cooperation network between members and be able to carry out activities to attract global investments. Also, work is underway for the establishment of a Knowledge Industry Center designed to meet demand of companies that seek to enter the district. As a result, four large knowledge-industry centers (apartment type factory buildings), including Human Teco, have been completed and seven more are under construction for slated completion next year. The Seoul Metropolitan Government selected 12 districts through last year and is cultivating specialty industries tailored for Seoul. The City Government plans to designate an additional eight such districts by the years end.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has opened an official account (http://www.linkedin.com/company/invest-seoul) on linkedin, a business social network service, and is seeking to conduct one-on-one marketing targeting global investors. The City Government plans to discover potential investors around the world via linkedin, and to intensively promote Seouls excellent investment environment and considerable charms. Living up to its reputation as a business social network, linkedin reportedly recruits more than 50 percent of its members  whose average salary is said to be $107,000  from among executives at manager or higher levels. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will form a close network with these corporate decision makers and investment experts, and conduct intensive target-marketing activities. Furthermore, the service will enable the City to build up a network with tens of thousands of investors without limitations in time and space, when compared with offline marketing, as well as allowing constant communication with them, among other advantages the City is poised to exploit. By making the most of the advantages offered by social media services, the City Government will instantly respond to inquiries from interested investors, providing them with information on investment projects to introduce the business opportunities that Seoul has to offer. Additionally, the City Government will pursue a new approach in investment promotion by shifting its investment promotion strategy from one centered on the conventional business and living environment to one focused on individual development projects, including the Magok District Investment Inducement Project and the Seoul International Finance Center. At the same time, the City Government plans to carry out investor relations activities by playing an active part in investor relations sessions and in exhibitions that it has been participating in promising cities. In this way, the City aims to introduce Seoul as a great investment destination to as many potential investors as possible, and to secure various channels for contacting investors. Also, the City Government will continue to implement diverse existing online promotion campaigns, and will expand integrated marketing communications combining online and offline marketing to promote the attractiveness of Seoul as a prime investment destination. Images of Seoul Metropolitan Governments linkedin homepage and related photos
Seoul Mayor, Park Won Soon, hosted a 2011 Seoul Honorary Citizenship Ceremony to mark the Seoul Honorary Citizens Day and presented 16 foreigners living in Seoul with honorary citizenships. The ceremony took place at the Sejong Hall in Sejong Center for the Performing Arts on October 28. The Seoul Honorary Citizenships have been awarded since 1958 to foreigners, foreign heads of states, chief administrative executives, and foreign diplomats who have contributed to boosting the foundation for international exchange and the development of Seoul as an advanced global city. A total of 666 foreigners from 91 countries have been named honorary Seoul citizens, including the 16 foreigners who received honorary citizenships this year. By country, the participants include 168 from the U.S., 40 from Japan, 29 from Germany, 29 from China, 24 from the U.K., 16 from France, and 14 from Canada. Following the award ceremony, at 1 pm, the new honorary citizens went on a tour of the Seoul Museum of History, Changdeokgung Palace, and Bukchon Hanok Village in order to help build up a consensus about Seouls history and culture. In order to elevate honor and to help the honorary citizens contribute to the development of Seoul by allowing them to participate in city administration through a systematic network with honorary Seoul citizens, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will implement a Project to Touch the Hearts of Honorary Citizens, beginning on this years Honorary Citizens Day.
Seoul Mayor, Park Won Soon, hosted a 2011 Seoul Honorary Citizenship Ceremony to mark the Seoul Honorary Citizens Day and presented 16 foreigners living in Seoul with honorary citizenships. The ceremony took place at the Sejong Hall in Sejong Center for the Performing Arts on October 28. The Seoul Honorary Citizenships have been awarded since 1958 to foreigners, foreign heads of states, chief administrative executives, and foreign diplomats who have contributed to boosting the foundation for international exchange and the development of Seoul as an advanced global city. A total of 666 foreigners from 91 countries have been named honorary Seoul citizens, including the 16 foreigners who received honorary citizenships this year. By country, the participants include 168 from the U.S., 40 from Japan, 29 from Germany, 29 from China, 24 from the U.K., 16 from France, and 14 from Canada. Following the award ceremony, at 1 pm, the new honorary citizens went on a tour of the Seoul Museum of History, Changdeokgung Palace, and Bukchon Hanok Village in order to help build up a consensus about Seouls history and culture. In order to elevate honor and to help the honorary citizens contribute to the development of Seoul by allowing them to participate in city administration through a systematic network with honorary Seoul citizens, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will implement a Project to Touch the Hearts of Honorary Citizens, beginning on this years Honorary Citizens Day.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government and Nike Sports jointly held 2011 We Run Seoul 10K, in which 30,000 Koreans and international residents took part, at Gwanghwamun Square at 4 pm on October 23. As many as 30,000 people participated in the race, making it the single largest running event. For the 10-km race, runners departed from Gwanghwamun Square and ran through the downtown areas of the city via Seodaemun Overpass, Chungjeong-ro, Gondeok Ogeori, and Mapodaegyo, finishing at Yeouido Park.This years We Run Seoul 10K was held under the concept Seoul full of youth, Seoul beloved by the world. Accordingly, 30,000 participants wore red clothes and ran the 10-km course to create a magnificent image of a massive human belt. Meanwhile, We Run Seoul 10K started under the theme Human Race in 2008 and developed into a We Run City, which integrated the young energy of people in their 20s and urban energy, in 2010. Starting from March this year, this running festival is taking place in 16 cities worldwide, including Singapore, Buenos Aires, Mexico City, and Cape Town. Attending the event en masse were top entertainers, including Park Han-byul, Kim Min-jung, Yoo Ji-tae, Lee Jin-wuk, and Kim Seong-eun, and idol stars, including ZE:A and Rainbow, demonstrating its sheer popularity. By using this years We Run Seoul 10K as a steppingstone for its sports marketing, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to continue to develop global sports and cultural events, thus promoting images of Seoul to the whole world.
The Seoul edition of Time Out, which is widely recognized as one of the worlds top three travel guidebooks, will be published in the U.K. The Time Out travel book series presents tourism information by city and introduces readers to the cultural charms of the featured cities. Notably, it is also famous for introducing emerging tourism hotspots to young tourists. Introducing makgeolli, a type of rice wine widely enjoyed by Koreans, as Makgeolli Magic, the Time Out Seoul edition presents detailed information on the current vogue for makgeolli among young people and attempts to explain its taste. Renowned for its worldwide prestige, Time Out Seoul also introduces the UNESCO World Cultural Heritage in Seoul, including Changdeokgung, Jongmyo, the history and traditional culture of Korea, and explains how to enjoy Seouls past and present at once. The book also presents special information on sites and activities that allow visitors to enjoy Seoul to the maximum, including the Rapid Tailoring of Suits, and Experiencing Hanok Ondol.The Seoul Metropolitan Government has been running a program to support the publication of Seoul editions of famous foreign travel guides since 2008. As a result, seven different guidebooks have been published in various languages, including English, French, and Chinese, and are on sale via online and offline bookstores worldwide.
Seoul City was recently ranked 7th  its highest ever standing  in the Global Power City Index, which is a measure of international influence among 35 major cities worldwide. The GPCI, a leading indicator of the international influence of global cities, is announced by the Mori Memorial Foundation (http://www.mori-m-foundation.or.jp/english/index.shtml) of Japan with the advice of world authorities in city research, including Peter Hall and Saskia Sassen. Seoul City rose by one notch to 7th place after jumping four notches last year, with the Korean continuing to break its own records year after year. In this years GPCI evaluation, Seoul was picked as a strong city that spearheads other rival cities in the research and development field, among the six categories assessed. The City has also improved its ranking in four fields, including culture and exchange. As part of the efforts to cultivate research and development to develop new growth engine industries, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has attracted leading overseas research institutes in the high-tech field over the past three years, while stepping up its efforts to construct an international research network. The City Government has also been striving to secure cultural diversity and enhance the charms of the City by assisting creative art activities and invigorating the art market, and by promoting flagship brands of culture and arts for the Korean capital. Additionally, the launch of the entire sections of the Airport Railroad last December shortened the travel time between Seoul Station and Incheon International Airport to 43 minutes, thereby significantly enhancing accessibility from international airports to the City. The City Government has also constantly implemented measures designed to improve citizens health, including improved management of fine dust pollution, and to reduce emissions from diesel-powered vehicles, in accelerating its campaign to improve the Citys air quality to the level of Jeju-do. Rather than allowing itself to become complacent with seventh place in the GPCI, which is a result of continuous policy measures aimed at improving citizens quality of life and elevating urban competitiveness over the past few years, the City Government will analyze the evaluation criteria of international assessments, including those of the GPCI, and reflect the results in setting its policy for city administration. Notably, the City Government has announced that it will continue to develop and implement policies that will enable the City to enhance the quality of life and urban competitiveness, primarily by redoubling the efforts to advance citizen welfare, promote health, improve the quality of the residential environment, cultivate new growth engines, and create jobs.
A city where vinyl bags are banned by law, a city where residents transform garbage dumps into gardens, a city where air is cleaned by collecting fine dust. This is the profile of cities that are taking part in the final round of the International Awards for Liveable Communities, which will kick off in the Songpa district on October 27, 2011. The secrets of success of the worlds best eco-friendly cities, which have worked to protect the earth and create a habitable urban environment, will be introduced at the Jamsil Lotte Hotel during the five-day conference. The LivCom Awards, which were launched in 1997 and are thus marking their 15th edition this year, constitute a prestigious international contest in which exemplary cases of innovation and leadership by cities that have strived to create environmentally energetic and sustainable local communities are evaluated and honored with prizes. The awards are the only event open to all cities worldwide among the 11 partnership awards recognized by the United Nations Environment Program. At this years LivCom Awards, 338 cities in 37 countries, the largest number ever, competed in the preliminary round of competition, with 77 cities in 26 countries making it to the final round. The list of finalists includes Dubai (United Arab Emirates), Albuquerque (U.S.A.), Johannesburg (South Africa), Bilbao (Spain), Bordeaux (France), and Helsinki (Finland). With a view to holding the Songpa event as a practical green convention, Songpa ward office has completed all the practical preparations accordingly. The ward boldly cancelled less important or unnecessary events, and successfully cut the required budget by nearly 40 percent from the original projection. Living up to the conceptual goal of the event, the ward office is proactively utilizing IT technologies, and plans to host the event by consuming a minimum amount of disposable materials and paper documents. The award ceremony will be held along with a celebratory dinner at Lotte Hotels Crystal Ballroom at 7 pm on October 31, the final day of the event. The Songpa ward office has opened all the presentation sessions of this contest to the public in order to allow citizens to take part. (Inquiries: http://livcom.songpa.go.kr/eng/index.asp / +82-2-2147-2100). In addition, the 2011 Hanseong Baekje Culture Festival will take place at major historical sites in the Songpa district, including Olympic Park and Seokchon Gobun (ancient tombs) from October 28 to 30. Scheduled in time with this years LivCom Awards in Songpa, the three-day festival is expected to become a tradition and a cultural extravaganza that will attract numerous international visitors, including mayors from 77 cities around the world.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is offering a free overseas mailing of welcome post cards service, which enables foreign tourists visiting Seoul to write messages on blank post cards available at tourist information centers and other sites and post them home free of charge. The designs of the post cards include major tourist hotspots in the capital city such as Gyeongbokgung Palace, Seoul Seonggwak (Fortress Wall), and Bukchon Hanok Village major festivals including the Seoul Summer Sale and the Seoul Lantern Festival and images of Seoul Citys overseas advertisements. On the back of the post cards, tourists can write their feelings and stories about their time in Seoul before sending them to family and friends back home. Currently, the post cards are available at the Seoul Global Culture & Tourism Center, the Information Desk at Incheon International Airport, the Samilgyo(Bridge), Itaewon, and Hongik Univ. Tourist Information Centers, the Cheong Wa Dae Sarangchae (guest hall), and Jonggajip Kimchi World. The service, which was introduced last June, has received more than 1,000 post cards every week, and has post-mailed a total of more than 15,000 so far. This service is being introduced at Visit Korea Year with Seoul Website (http://welcome.visitseoul.net/eng/index.jsp), which offers a multi-language interpreting service, including English, Chinese (simplified and traditional Chinese characters) and Japanese. The welcome post card mailing service will continue to be provided to tourists through 2012, the last year of the Visit Korea Year campaign. The City Government will run an online promotion campaign to ensure that as many foreign tourists use the service as possible.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the Seoul Photo Festival 2011 in around 30 locations, including the Seoul Museum of Art, private art museums, galleries and other sites from November 2 to 30. The City Government has designated November as the Month of Photos henceforth, and has developed the Seoul Photo Festival, which was held at the Seoul Museum of Art for the first time last year, into a city-wide festival in association with private art museums and galleries across the City. Notably, this years Photo Festival will feature work by world-renowned photo artists, and offer existing Korean photographers a chance to advance into the world, while giving ordinary citizens with aspirations of being professional photographers an opportunity to develop into emerging photo artists. At the Seoul Photo Festival 2011, 134 photographers from Korea and elsewhere and over 420 citizen photographers are directly participating as exhibitors, while self-organized photo exhibitions open to all citizens will also take place. The festival will comprise six events including a main exhibition of photographic works by 22 leading photo artists from Korea and overseas a portfolio contest designed to discover emerging photographers a Photo Review with world-renowned photo critics, and a photo wall called Good Morning Seoul! which will be created with Seoul citizens a Smartphone Photo Exhibition open to anyone stories of photos as told by professionals and Sharing through photos, in which works by Koreas twenty leading photographers will be auctioned off and the proceeds donated. All the programs of the Seoul Photo Festival 2011 are open to public participation free of charge. The Seoul Museum of Arts headquarters is open from 10 am to 8 pm, and its Gyeonghuigung branch is open from 10 am to 6 pm every day. Both are closed on Mondays. For further information on the Seoul Photo Festival 2011, please visit the festivals website (www.seoulphotofestival.com), or dial 120 Dasan Call Center or the festivals secretariat at +82-2-733-8500.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government posted an aggregate amount of foreign direct investment into the city reported to the authorities totaling $2.486 billion US in this years third quarter, which was up 67% year on year.The citys government analyzed that, despite global economic slowdown, the investment figure expanded due to the constant expansion of investments in the service industry, which accounts for more than 90% of all the investments that the citys government has attracted. The feat is also attributed to Seouls shift into an investment-friendly city, which has been made possible thanks to the citys efforts to improve its global business environment. FDI growth rates, by industry, suggest that investment in the service sector posted $2.273 billion US, which was up 70.6% year on year from $1.332 billion US, which was recorded in the same period last year. FDI in the manufacturing sector gained 36.8% increasing to $212 million US from $155 million US in the same period of last year. Notably, investments in the chemical engineering, pharmaceutical, and other manufacturing sectors posted higher growth rates. By region, the Americas recorded $526 million US, which was up 141.3% year on year, while Europe posted $952 million US (95.5%), and Asia $939 million US (20.5%), as the figures for all three regions added. Meanwhile, when compared with investments in this years first half, investments from Asia and Europe made notable gains following the massive earthquake in Japan, posting $355 million US and $215 million US, respectively. By investment type, additional investments by existing investors and new investments both posted more than 90% growth, while long-term loans declined over 60%, which reveals a clear change in the types of investment. In order to maintain the growing trend of additional investments and the amount of investment per case by foreign invested firms, as revealed in the analysis, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to step up its efforts to further improve the investment environment for foreign invested firms. The citys government also plans to redouble its efforts in public relations and marketing in order to proactively cope with the global economic slump and to help create jobs through the expansion of investments.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will gather the opinions of foreign residents via the Seoul Global Centers website (http://global.seoul.go.kr) from October 17 to 25, and will use the issues they raise as topics for discussion at the Seoul Town Meeting set for December. Seouls foreign residents can submit their views on any inconveniences they have experienced while living in Seoul, along with any proposals they may have on how to make Seoul a more convenient city to live in via the website. More than 100 international residents in Seoul, primarily from non-OECD countries, including foreigners married to Korean nationals, will be invited to this years meeting, which will serve as a forum for proposing in-depth ideas as well as for airing opinions gathered via the Internet and the ideas of foreign chiefs of the Seoul Global Village Centers run by the City Government. The annual Seoul Town Meeting, first held in 2000, brings together international residents in Seoul, officials from the City Government, and foreign experts to discuss difficulties in various areas of life in Seoul, including transportation, tourism, culture, education and medical services. The City Government has actually adopted some of the proposals submitted at the Town Meeting, and addressed some of the inconveniences faced by foreign residents, in order to practically increase their satisfaction with life in Seoul. Some programs have already been put into practice, including the system for reporting Jeonse (rent based on a lump-sum down payment) and monthly rents, the issuance of check cards that can be used overseas, the creation of an online movie and play reservation service for foreigners, the preparation of venues where foreigners art clubs can conduct their creative activities, the establishment of foreign schools, and the construction of an integrated website on the use of sports facilities for foreigners.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has initiated efforts to promote Seoul to four countries in the Arab world, namely the United Arab Emirates, Iraq, Oman and Bahrain. This is the first time that the Seoul Metropolitan Government has launched a promotional campaign aimed at introducing the charms of Seoul to various countries in the Middle East, an area that is somewhat unfamiliar to most Seoulites. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will participate in events to be held in the four countries as part of the Korea-Arab Friendship Caravan, a gigantic trans-national event that will take place in seven countries (UAE, Iraq, Oman, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Jordan and Palestine) from October 17 ~ 24, in a drive to introduce Seoul to the Arab world. Hosted by the Korea-Arab Society, the Korea-Arab Friendship Caravan has been held annually since 2008 to increase awareness of Korea in the Arab world and vitalize exchanges with the region. ( Caravan: Convoy of Arabian merchants transporting their goods via camel over long distances) Designed to raise awareness and understanding of Korea among Arab peoples, the event will consist of a hanbok (traditional Korean costume) fashion show, a taekwondo demonstration, a B-boy show, and a samullori (percussion with four drums) performance. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will install promotional booths at each event site, and conduct diverse promotional activities, including the distribution of Seoul City brochures and the screening of PR videos to local visitors. Since 2008 the Seoul Metropolitan Government has been carrying out the Seoul Global Marketing Project at various overseas locations, presenting cultural and art performances (including music, dance, and more general genres), installing PR booths, and conducting various online and offline promotional activities, including the distribution of PR materials and the screening of promotional videos, to local visitors.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the results of their Survey on the Attractiveness of Seoul, which was conducted among 3,827 Seoulites and foreigners, and singled out Seouls top 50 Attractive Aspects on October 12. The survey was conducted among 2,907 Koreans (Seoul citizens) and 920 foreigners for 19 days during August 10 to 28 both on and offline. This included using the Seoul Metropolitan Governments Website. The survey was analyzed by Nielsen, a professional research firm. According to the results of the survey, Korean nationals picked the Hangang River as Seouls greatest attraction, while foreigners chose a wide variety of delicious foods. Notably, the choice of a wide variety of delicious foods was so popular that it was picked the most by both Asians and non-Asians. Avoiding the conventional method of objective question-based surveys, which were often used in the past, in the new survey the Seoul Metropolitan Government asked respondents to subjectively single out the three attractive aspects of Seoul they can think of, and to then write down the reasons why. As such, the survey has enabled the City Government to rediscover the diverse attractions that Seoul has to offer, and things that it had not known previously. By ranking, Seoulites picked the Hangang as the biggest attraction, followed by royal palaces as the second, convenient public transportation as the third, and Namsan and Cheonggyecheon as fourth and fifth, respectively. Foreigners singled out a wide variety of delicious foods as their favorite, followed by convenient public transportation, and friendly and warm people. A review of foreigners answers suggests that foreigners picked food as their favorite attraction due to the fact that side dishes more diverse and larger in quantity than main dishes, galbi, which people grill and cut by themselves to eat, and the beautiful harmony of colors. They were deeply impressed with the convenient public transportation due to transfer systems, extensive subway lines interlinking across the city, and clean and convenient subway stations and bus stops. Notably, they picked friendly and warmhearted people who approach them first to offer help, as Seouls third biggest attraction. The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to use the results of the survey in developing tourism items for domestic and foreign tourists, and creating online contents for use in promoting the diverse attractive aspects of the Korean capital to the world.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is offering free Oriental medicine experiences for foreign tourists and international residents in Korea at the Yun family house in Ogin-dong, within Namsangol Hanok Village, on Thursdays, Fridays, and Saturdays from October 13 to November 17. The program aims to continue to sustain the hallyu trends that are spreading all over the world and to promote the excellence of Oriental medicine, which is a major Blue Ocean industry with strong growth potential. (How to register: onsite application). The 2011 Traditional Korean Medical Tourism Experience Event program has been organized to guide the interest of foreign tourists in Oriental medicine, which has recently heightened due to the registration of the Donguibogam (Exemplar of Korean Medicine, by Heo Jun) in UNESCOs Memory of the World Program, to the expansion of medical tourists seeking Oriental medicine in Korea. Daejanggeum(Jewel in the Palace) is a hit drama featuring a royal chef and nurse and it has gained immense popularity worldwide. At the event, Oriental medicine doctors and nurses will be on standby at Namsangol Hanok Village, which is a major hotspot for experiencing Seoul culture, to provide foreign tourists with the experience of top-quality Oriental medicine treatments. The experience program is comprised of Oriental medicine counseling pulse checking Oriental medical treatments (acupuncture, cupping therapy, and the provision of Oriental herbal medication) the experience of herbal teas and the introduction of professional Oriental medical centers to those interested. The program will provide more than 3,000 foreign tourists, or about 170 people per day (including some 100 who will experience Oriental herbal tea), a chance to experience Oriental medicine. The program is expected to become a must-do activity for foreign tourists, since it will be held at Namsangol Hanok Village, where diverse events for experiencing traditional culture take place.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold a fusion hansik (Korean food) cooking contest called, Delicious Seoul Story in which participants cook hansik, and fusion hansik recipes that combine traditional Korean hansik or hansik ingredients with ingredients and recipes from different countries on the citys YouTube channel(www.youtube.com/visitseoul). The contest will take place during October 1 to 31. The Seoul Metropolitan Government is holding the contest as part of its far-reaching publicity initiatives to expand hallyu, which was focused on dramas, movies, and K-pop, so as to lead people from around the world into paying attention to and experience Korean culture, and to visit Korea. The event is co-hosted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and Asiana Airlines. After a month-long Round One competition, which will be conducted online, the best five teams will be singled out. The five teams will be invited to Seoul in November to stage the final round of the contest, at which point the winning team will be selected. The Seoul Metropolitan Government expects that the event will help foreign participants understand the stories behind hansik, and that it will encourage them to cook Korean food on their own and to try hansik foods like bibimbap (rice mixed with vegetables and beef) or bulgogi (sliced and seasoned beef). By so doing, the City Government expects the event will induce foreigners to pay more attention to Korean culture, and cause them to want to visit Seoul. Meanwhile, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is conducting various events aimed at enhancing the brand images of Seoul as a tourist destination in the wake of the 2010  2012 Visit Korea Year with Seoul. Notably, the Seoul Metropolitan Governments Visit Korea Years website, (http://welcome.visitseoul.net/eng/index.jsp), which provides service in multiple languages including English and Chinese (simplified and original characters), is implementing events under various themes, including shopping, performance, airlines, and festivals, every month.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold Prague Days in Seoul, which will allow people to experience the culture and art of Prague, at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts, Seoul Museum of History, Jeongdong Gallery, and Cheonggyecheon area during October 20 to 23. The four-day, Prague Days in Seoul will allow people to meet and enjoy nonverbal performances, music concerts, exhibitions, and film festivals, which people in Korea have had few chances to access. The M-Theater at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts will present the Black Light Theater, to more than 600 citizens, international residents, and tourists in Seoul on October 20, to signal the opening of the festival. A chanson concert by famous singer, Zora Jandova, and composer, Zdenek Merta, from the Czech Republic will also take place at the Sejong Chamber Hall at 8 pm on October 20th and 22nd. A concert by the world-famous Prague Virtousi Quartet will also take place at the Sejong Chamber Hall at 8 pm on October 21st. A movie festival screening films produced by Jan Hrebejk, the Czech Republics representative director, will also take place at the Sejong M Theater from October 21-23. The festival will include a session during which a professional guide will briefly introduce the movies. A panorama photo exhibition featuring photographers Vaclav Jansa and Polak will take place at the Seoul Museum of History from October 15 to November 19. Jeongdong Gallery will present a Czech Graphic Art exhibition from October 13 to 23, which will offer visitors a rare opportunity to enjoy over 40 pieces of modern art at a single location. These works will include lithographs by 14 winners of this years Vladimir Boudnik Award, which is the highest honor in the graphics field. All performances, except the concert by the Prague Philharmonic Orchestra, will be offered for free of charge. For reservations, please visit the Sejong Center for the Performing Artss website (http://www.sejongpac.or.kr/eng/main/main.asp) by October 14th.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is organizing a wide variety of cultural events and lectures for international residents to enjoy indoors and outdoors this October, with a view to helping them experience Korean culture and adapt to life in Seoul life amid the deepening autumn season. A concert featuring bands from numerous countries will take place on streets of Mugyo-dong, Jung-gu during lunch hours from 12 noon every Tuesday and Thursday. The Global Village Centers and the Migrant Workers Centers, which are located in areas with large international populations, are organizing diverse onsite experience programs, including visits to royal palaces and museums, and workers camps in which Korean nationals and foreigners can participate together and communicate with each other. For foreigners with a keen interest in Korean culture, various lectures on traditional culture will also be offered, including lessons on how to paint the Sagunja, namely apricot flowers, orchids, chrysanthemums and bamboo, and hanji (traditional Korean paper) art & craft. For further information on the lectures and experience programs offered at the Seoul Global Center and the Migrant Workers Centers, please visit the Seoul Global Centers website (http://global.seoul.go.kr). The Seoul Global Culture & Tourism Center in Myeong-dong will offer a lecture entitled At Work to discuss organizational culture at Korean workplaces on October 20. Free Oriental medicine medical checkups and dental treatment will be offered during weekends to foreign migrant workers who cannot use medical services during normal working.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will host the preliminary meeting of the Asian Network of Major Cities 21 in Seoul at the Orchid Room in the Westin Chosun Seoul (Hotel) from October 10 to 11. The event will bring together more than 80 representatives from twelve cities, including Seoul, Tokyo, Delhi, Manila, Bangkok, Singapore, Yangon, Jakarta, Kuala Lumpur, Taipei, Hanoi and Tomsk (observer city). The ANMC 21 is both a network and coalition of major cities that was established in 2001, at the initiative of eleven Asian cities, to discuss ways of achieving co-prosperity among large cities, and to jointly address the pending issues facing major metropolises by constructing a system of cooperation between metropolitan cities. During the two-day event, delegations from the twelve cities will share experiences and seek solutions regarding the development of waterfront areas, which can enrich the life of urbanites, and measures to prevent large-scale disasters, which have occurred with increasing frequency in recent years. Meanwhile, the Seoul Assembly will involve various supplementary events, including promotional exhibitions and cultural performances by the member cities, and an exhibition of childrens paintings at Namsangol Hanok Village from October 8 to 10. In addition, a business fair, to be held from October 12 to 15, will feature the ANMC 21 ZONE, which is designed to help promote the twelve member cities.
Seoul City was picked as the Best MICE City at the 22nd TTG Travel Awards held at the Bangkok Convention Center in Thailand on October 6. The TTG Travel Awards, regarded as the highest honor in the tourism industry, are presented by TTG Asia Media, a world-renowned MICE journal based in Singapore. The awards honor companies and organizations of excellence in their respective fields in the airline, tourism, and hotel sectors, and national tourism authorities every year. The Best MICE City Award, which Seoul Metropolitan Government received this time, has more often than not been presented to Singapore since its introduction in 2005, amid the growing importance of the MICE industry. It is all the more meaningful for Seoul to receive the prize over Singapore, given that the Southeast Asian city has been striving to consolidate its stature as an unrivaled MICE city in the world by constructing massive tourism and MICE facilities, including Marina Bay. The result signals the robust rise of Seouls image as a prime MICE city in the related industries, since the Korean capital was picked directly by MICE planners and travel agencies  major clients who are responsible for choosing the host cities for MICE events. With this award, Seoul has once again confirmed its reputation as one of the worlds best MICE cities, after its designation as one of the worlds top five convention cities by the UIA (Union of International Association) last June.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will launch a joint city marketing campaign with New York City in earnest from October, as the first Asian city to become a marketing partner of the U.S. city.The Seoul Metropolitan Government signed a Memorandum of understanding on mutual cooperation to implement a joint city marketing campaign at the main conference at the City Hall at 10:30 am, October 4. In attendance at the event were Kwon Young-gyu, Acting Mayor of Seoul, and George Fertitta, CEO of NYC & Company, and Kee-Hong Woo, Korean Airs Managing Vice President and Head of Passenger Business Division. Thus far, London (2009), Madrid (2009), and Sao Paulo (2011) have signed agreements on joint marketing campaigns with New York City. Seoul has become the first Asian city and the fourth city in the world to exchange an agreement with New York City. Seoul Metropolitan Government and New York City plan to maximize the impact of their city marketing campaign by proactively cooperating in diverse fields  including outdoor advertising, promotion, and online marketing  and thereby enhance their brand awareness. Meanwhile, Korean Air, which is also participating in the joint agreement, plans to help attract tourists by offering special events designed exclusively for citizens of Seoul and New York, including air ticket discounts. For further information on the event, please visit the Seoul Metropolitan Governments website (http://english.seoul.go.kr/seoul), or Korean Airs event page (http://kr.koreanair.com/nyc). The two cities will also organize diverse online PR activities, including banners posted at the Seoul Metropolitan Governments website (http://english.seoul.go.kr/) and NYC & Companys website (http://www.nycgo.com). They also plan to share and disseminate information and news through the SNS channels, including Facebook and Twitter, of the two cities and Korean Air.
The number of visitors to the Hi Seoul Youth Hostel, which opened on March 2, 2011, surpassed the 70,000 mark on September 22, just six months after its opening. Of the 70,000 people who visited the facility, 43,740 stayed in guest rooms and 28,233 used the conference rooms. More than 86 percent of the people who participated in a customer survey expressed a high level of satisfaction with the facilities and services offered by the Hi Seoul Youth Hostel. The number of domestic and foreign visitors to the hostel is constantly increasing, primarily because it is equipped with various types of rooms and conference rooms, and gathers data on customers diverse needs. The hostel also provides clean, cozy and safe accommodation at reasonable prices, and is highly popular among international visitors and youth. On top of its quality hospitality service, the hostel also operates various innovative programs, thereby successfully positioning itself as a comfortable resting place among youth and tourists from Korea and abroad. People who wish to stay at the hostel can reserve dormitory rooms in real time (including the reservation of individual beds) via www.hihostels.com. Visitors can check in from 2 pm to 10 pm, and are required to check out by 10 am. For further information on the Hi Seoul Youth Hostel, please visit its website. For inquiries and reservations, please dial +82-2-2677-1779, visit the reservation bulletin board on its website, or send an email.  Website: http://www.hiseoulyh.com/eng/ (web service offered in English, Chinese, and Japanese) E-mail: hiseoulyh@gmail.com
Experts in city administration, transportation and economy from around the world are set to gather in Seoul in October. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold diverse international conferences and cultural events, in which global leaders will visit Seoul and engage in debates on urban development, during the month of October. These events are expected to allow Seoul to confirm its global stature and competitiveness, and position itself as a leading host city of international conventions. First, the Seoul Congress of the Asian Network of Major Cities 21(ANMC21), which will bring together representatives of twelve cities, namely Seoul, Tokyo, Kuala Lumpur, Delhi, Hanoi, Jakarta, Manila, Singapore, Taipei, Yangon, Bangkok, and Tomsk (observer city), will take place from October 10 to 11. At the congress, representatives from different cities will hold discussions to find solutions for the development of waterfront areas, which could enrich the life of citizens in metropolitan cities, and measures for the prevention of large-scale disasters, which have occurred with increasing frequency in recent times. Also, a Seoul-Prague Day event will take place at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts and in the Cheonggyecheon area from October 20 to 23. This event will allow Seoulites to encounter the culture and arts of Prague, which is sometimes referred to as the Paris of Eastern Europe. The International Association of Public Transport (UITP) Asia-Pacific Assembly, which will bring together 150 transport experts and officials in charge of urban transport policy from the Asia Pacific region, will also take place for three days from October 24 under the theme of The Invigoration of Integrated Public Transport for Sustainable Urban Development. On October 28, the City Government will present sixteen foreigners with Seoul honorary citizenships on the occasion of the Seoul Honorary Citizens Day for their contributions to the Citys development. Additionally, the 1st Metropolis Asian Womens Network Forum was held under the theme of Women in Asian Cities: Crisis, Agency and Change on September 27. More than 200 people responsible for coordinating womens policy in Asian cities visited Seoul to attend the event. Using various international conferences to bring together experts from related fields in September and October, the Seoul Metropolitan Government aims to seek cooperation and co-prosperity with world-leading cities, and find solutions to pending issues, while promoting its stature as a leading Asian city to the entire world. Furthermore, the City Government will step up its efforts to attract international organizations to Seoul, and proactively address the common challenges facing the world, including the environment, green growth, and urban development, in order to consolidate its stature as a global leading city. Introduction of events in October
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has published Seoul & Shopping, a guidebook designed to introduce famous shopping venues and popular shopping items to foreign tourists in a convenient format. The City Government will distribute the booklet at places commonly frequented by foreign tourists, including tourist information centers, shopping hotspots such as famous hotels, department stores and duty free shops, and tourist attractions. So far, 35,000 copies of Seoul & Shopping have been published in three languages, namely English, Japanese and Chinese (simplified characters). With the number of tourists visiting Seoul for shopping and beauty surging lately, Seoul & Shopping introduces Seoul Beauty (plastic surgery, cosmetics and beauty care), hallyu, and popular shopping places and items, including Myeong-dong, Cheongdam-dong and Apgujeong-dong, Garosu-gil and Serosu-gil, Hongik Univ., and traditional markets under the theme Korean Style, as a practical shopping guide. The booklet also introduces the beautiful sides of Seoul through a hanok experience, hansik culture, and Joseons royal palaces, to enable visitors to better understand traditional Korean culture and to gain experience and feel touching emotions.
Gangnam-gu (http://global.gangnam.go.kr/), Koreas Special District of Fashion, will hold the 2011 Gangnam Fashion Festival under the theme of Come to Gangnam, the signature city of fashion at COEX, Yeongdongdaero, from October 1 to 9.The Gangnam Fashion Festival, marking its fifth annual edition since its inauguration in 2007, is set to transform itself into a Hallyu Fashion Festival that attracts foreign tourists from China and elsewhere, going beyond a local festival designed to spearhead Korean fashion trends. This years festival will involve better organized events and an array of activities for visitors to enjoy, and diverse associated programs, including the International Peace Marathon, the Cheongdam Art Festival, and performances by hallyu stars. As such, the festival is expected to draw a bigger audience than any of the previous events. A Fashion Market will be held at COEX Plaza from 10 am to 8 pm every day from October 1-3, while on October 3, a makeup show, a performance of general arts encompassing makeup, hairstyling and body painting, will be presented as one of the programs aimed at developing a festival that can be enjoyed by all citizens. Also, a fashion show involving domestic and overseas cities that have sisterhood ties with Gangnam (such as the Chaoyang ward of Beijing and the Korean cities of Tongyeong and Yeongju), and a world male model fashion show, which will feature traditional costumes and jeans sported by male fashion models from 70 countries worldwide, will be staged to attract a wider public. In addition, the singer Rain, a top World Star who has been serving as Gangnams Goodwill Ambassador since last May, will give a two-hour solo concert at Yeongdongdaero in front of Korea Electric Power Corporation, Samseong-dong at 7 pm on October 9. The event is expected to draw many fans from a number of Asian countries, including China, and earn Gangnam-gu recognition as a hotspot of hallyu tourism. Notably, a Grand Tour program will also be arranged to allow visitors to the festival to enjoy discounts when using department stores, fashion and beauty-related shops (in the Grand Sale), hotels (Grand Stay) and restaurants (Grand Table), and to see the various festival sites and events across Gangnam-gu.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will directly visit foreign invested companies by the end of October to gather their opinions and suggestions regarding the difficulties they face in operating their businesses in Seoul and to resolve any obstacles they encounter in a bid to establish a globally competitive business environment. The survey, which the City Government is conducting by directly visiting foreign invested firms for the first time, is aimed at creating an attractive investment city, inducing such companies to expand their investment and make new investments, creating quality jobs, and invigorating the Seoul economy by implementing policy measures they actually require. The City Government will classify the difficulties and hardships gathered through the visit into the categories of employment, funds and finances, marketing, and improvement of policies and institutions, and resolve them through cooperation with the related organizations, while seeking to improve the related laws, regulations and institutions. Additionally, the City Government will introduce various assistance programs for foreign invested companies, and promote them at a foreign invested company job fair, to be held at the COEX exhibition center in Samseong-dong from September 29 to 30, in order to help them find quality human resources. Meanwhile, the City Government will pay out subsidies of up to 3 million won per person to companies that hire additional employees beyond 20 staff members in 2010 among foreign invested firms in Seoul. Under the program to pay subsidies to foreign invested companies, a cumulative total of 2.435 billion won bas been provided to 32 companies since 2005. The City Government also pays prizes of up to 40 million won to citizens and organizations that have contributed to attracting foreign investment into the City.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government held an inaugural General Assembly of the Global Design Cities Organization (GDCO) with representatives of 17 cities from around the world at the International Conference Center in Yangzhou City, China on September 26, and officially inaugurated the organization. The assembly was held about one year after the City established the secretariat of the GDCO at the Seoul Design Foundation in 2010 and started preparations in earnest. Discussions over the establishment of the GDCO were initiated in 2010 at the Global Design City Summit (GDCS), which was held in connection with the World Design Cities (WDC) Seoul project. Accordingly, the City Government established a secretariat at the Seoul Design Foundation to prepare for the inauguration of the GDCO, and successfully launched the organization through efforts that continued for more than one year. Representatives from different cities held a briefing session on the establishment of the GDCO, and presented ways to develop the organization at the Yangzhou meeting. They then approved the organizations operational agreement comprising 18 articles, Article 11 of which provides that the secretariat be located in Seoul. Going forward, the organizations member cities will conduct studies on ways to boost urban competitiveness and implement joint projects under a consensus that design will be essential to enriching the life of citizens and to assure sustainable urban development through continuous exchange and cooperation. Meanwhile, Ankara, the capital of Turkey, which is implementing a project to reinstate the city, was chosen as the chair city of the GDCO at the meeting in China. As such, the GDCOs General Assembly and the Global Design City Summit in 2013 will take place in Ankara. For further information on the GDCO and the GDCS, please visit (gdcsummit@seouldesign.or.kr).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the 2011 Seoul Art Space Festival, during which artists will be encouraged to communicate directly with citizens, at nine creative spaces throughout the City, including the Seonyudo section of Hangang Park, from September 30 to October 3. The Seoul Art Spaces, as a new concept of culture and art spaces and creative worksites, were initiated as part of the Seoul Downtown Restoration project under the City Governments culture-nomics policy. The spaces were conceived to provide artists with places for creative work and support for their creative activities, with eleven such sites designated across the City. The festival will take place at nine separate locations including Seogyo, Geumcheon, Sindang, Yeonhui, Mullae, Seongbuk, Gwanak, Hongeun, and Disabled. The 2011 Seoul Art Space Festival is the second annual event to be designed specifically for Seoul citizens after the success of the 2010 Seoul Art Space Festival, which was held at Yeouido Hangang Park for the first time last fall. The festival will bring together more than 300 artists, including those housed in the Seoul Art Spaces, and include more than 50 programs, including exhibitions, experience events, an art market, performances and tours. Notably, the festival will present diverse events and activities for special experiences and tours to Art Spaces, including a special exhibition at Seonyudo Hangang Park, which has been chosen as a venue for the first time this year, the Citizens Creative Art Hall, and You are a Writer, a relay novel writing contest. The 2011 Seoul Art Space Festival is open free of charge to all citizens who visit Seonyudo Hangang Park and the other venues. However, the tour of the Art Spaces will only be available by making an advance reservation at the Seoul Art Spaces Website at (http://eng.seoulartspace.or.kr/). Members of the public can participate in the citizens experience programs by signing up at the venues.
The Seoul International Finance Center is already displaying its stately look as a landmark in the Korean capital ahead of its partial opening in October, when it will begin housing its first tenants. The SIFC is a signature project of the Citys bid to develop Seoul as a financial hub in Northeast Asia and thereby emerge as a financial Mecca in the region, exceeding the stature of Singapore and Hong Kong. The Seoul Metropolitan Government and AIG, the implementer of the SIFC project, held an onsite briefing session on September 22, and disclosed its progress at three commercial towers, a five-star hotel, and an underground retail shopping mall, whose construction is well underway for its slated completion in 2012. Back in 2002, the Seoul Metropolitan Government set up a blueprint to develop Seoul into a hub of economy and finance in Northeast Asia, and selected Yeouido as the ideal candidate district for a highly integrated cluster of domestic and foreign financial institutions, as it was already armed with a good business environment. Accordingly, the City Government has been creating the optimal environment by attracting world-class business, commercial, residential and cultural facilities. The Seoul International Finance Center comprises three commercial towers, a 38-story five-star hotel, and an ultramodern shopping mall (dubbed the IFC Mall) on three underground levels, as well as a multiplex movie theater and a food court. Such facilities will enable financiers to enjoy shopping, culture and living as well as conduct their business all in one location. Meanwhile, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is expanding the admission of financial institutions into the SIFC complex in close collaboration with AIG. Office 1 at the complex has achieved an advance rental ratio of 76.3 percent, as fifteen major firms  including world-renowned foreign financial organizations such as Deloitte, The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation, ING Investment Management, ING Real Estate Investment Management, Daiwa Securities, and China Merchants Securities  have already signed rental contracts. According to the City Government, the SIFC project has already mobilized a cumulative one million people (cumulative total of daily work force deployed), making an important contributions to job creation in the city. Apart from the financial institutions that will move into SIFC, the project is expected to lead to the employment of more than 2,000 standing workers, who will be hired by the hotel and shopping mall and for the management of facilities.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the First Metropolis Asian Womens Network Forum under the theme of Women in Asian Cities: Crisis, Agency and Change at the international conference hall in Seoul Womens Plaza, Dongjak-gu, at 10 am on September 27. The forum has been organized with a view to enhancing womens economic power and formulating various measures and strategies to create safer cities. The forum is all the more significant in that it is the first event of its kind to take place in Asia since participants in the Second Metropolis Women International Network Forum, held in Seoul in 2009, agreed to hold an Asia Womens Network meeting in the Korean capital in the future. The forum will feature more than twenty invited speakers, including chiefs of womens policy in fifteen Asian cities and experts on womens issues from international organizations such as Rebeca Grynspan, the Under-Secretary-General of the United Nations, who will deliver the keynote speech. The participants will hold in-depth discussions about the dominant issues facing women in Asian cities and share exemplary cases from different cities. Through this forum the Seoul Metropolitan Government aims to consolidate the position of Seoul as the home of the Asian regional office of the Metropolis Womens Network and as a hub city of exchange among Asian women, and to elevate Seouls international stature as a women-friendly city.Any citizen can participate in the forum by registering at the Seoul Foundation for Women and Familys website at (http://www.seoulwomen.or.kr/nhpeng/index.jsp). For further information on the forum, please contact the Women Policy Division at (+82-2-3707-9565), or the Gender Equality Promotion Center of the foundation at (+82-2-810-5063).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government invited 10,000 foreigners to a big match between Seoul-based FC Seoul and Daejeon Citizens, and held the Second FC Seoul Expats Day with the Seoul Global Center at the Seoul World Cup Stadium in Sangam-dong at 2 pm on September 24, thus giving foreign residents an opportunity to watch the game and enjoy various additional events. With this event the Seoul Metropolitan Government aimed to provide a venue for communication between Seouls citizens and its foreign residents, and give foreigners an opportunity to experience diverse aspects of living in Seoul through Koreas unique sporting culture, thereby helping them to better understand Korean culture. A range of sports activities and programs were conducted as pre-match events outside the stadium, including performances by B-boys and female cheerleaders a power game using speed guns taking shots at the goal photo-taking against a backdrop composed of a character and a photo wall a traditional Korean costume experience and sampling traditional foods from three countries, including Colombia. Notably, for an entrance fee of just 10,000 won, foreigners, as honored guests of the event, were provided with free food and drinks, including beers and hotdogs, which enabled them to enjoy the sports festival at a low cost. Meanwhile, the Seoul Global Center plans to develop ways of diversifying programs inviting foreigners to sports events and to expand the scale of such events in the future by checking the responses of the participants in the event and taking into consideration their requests.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the Seoul Global Forum for the Industrialization of CIT Conversion and Integration at DMC Nurikkum Square in Sangam-dong from 12 noon on September 29. The forum will be held as part of the 2011 Seoul DMC Culture Open, which will take place from September 29 to October 1. The forum aims to devise and develop a strategy that will enable renowned research laboratories and advanced media companies to secure global competitiveness, including CIT (Culture Information Technology) conversion and integration, and to create new trends in the media industry, in preparation for the future. The Seoul Global Forum for the Industrialization of CIT Conversion and Integration will invite five experts in the related fields  including experts from the Bell Laboratory of the U.S., the Ioffe Physical Technical Institute of Russia, Johns Hopkins University of the U.S.A, and KAIST and CJ E&M of Korea  to give lectures on the latest trends in CT and IT to more than 400 attendees. Through the forum, the Seoul Metropolitan Government aims to construct a cooperative network linking world-renowned research centers, small and medium-sized enterprises and venture firms, and world-class research institutes, and to promote mutual exchange, including the transfer of digital contents and cutting-edge technologies. The Technomart, which will be held on the sidelines of the forum, will display more than 80 technologies and research achievements designed and developed by universities as members of the Seoul Industry-Academia Cooperation Forum, and present opportunities to expedite technology exchange and trade, and to consolidate the industry-academy network with renowned research organizations and advanced companies. The forum is open to anyone who wishes to attend, including members of the general public. People can participate in the event by registering (by September 28) at the website (http://cit2011.org/) for the Seoul Global Forum for the Industrialization of CIT Conversion and Integration. Photos of the 2010 Seoul DMC Culture Open Forum
Gwanghwamun S-Day, a cultural experience program hosted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, will take place at 48 cultural sites in the Sejong Belt, including Gwanghwamun Square and a number of performance halls and museums. The event will take place on the last Sunday of every month, starting on September 25. First off, the A Dream of 10,000 won program, scheduled for September 25, will feature a number of performances, including Rent, Falling for Eve, Jump, Bibap, Seduction of the Wolf, Karma, Story of an Old Thief, Pan, and If It Were With You. Since most of the shows are highly popular, it is advisable to make a reservation. Tickets for A Dream of 10,000 won will be available online at the Sejong Belts website (www.sejongbelt.com) one week before each Gwanghwamun S-Day. Tickets can also be purchased on site at the Sejong Belt Integrated Ticketing & Information Center (+82-2-399-1000) within Haechi Field at Gwanghwamun Square. The Story Tour comprises a Free Art Shuttle Bus Tour, which takes participants to various places in the downtown area by bus, and a Walking Tour in which participants tour downtown Seoul by foot via four thematic courses. The Free Art Shuttle Bus Tour is the ideal downtown course-tour program as it allows participants to visit various cultural sites around Gwanghwamun by bus, as presented by the Sejong Belt, and hear interesting explanations about cultural hotspots, diverse sources of information, and behind the scenes stories presented by performers of Seoul theatrical troupes. With the Walking Tour participants can follow one of four differently themed courses on foot in the company of family, lovers, and friends, appreciating the fresh environment and the first delightful impressions of autumn in the city center. The Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Sejong Culture Center for the Performing Arts will invite 30 people from multicultural families living in Seoul to the Gwanghwamun S-Day in September to offer them a Happy Tour on September 25.The participants will tour major hotspots and cultural sites, including the Haechi Field, Stories of Sejong & Chungmugong, and the Sarangchae (guest house) at the presidential office of the Cheong Wa Dae on a bus provided by the Sejong Belt, from 11 am to 4:30 pm. They will conclude the tour by watching the non-verbal performance Jump, after enjoying a day full of exciting art and culture events and activities.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the Seoul Drum Festival 2011, which will bring together world-class percussive music teams from Korea and around the world, at the special stage in Seoul Plaza for two days, starting with the opening ceremony at 7 pm on September 23. The Seoul Drum Festival 2011, hosted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, marks its 13th annual edition this year. The main programs include the Fringe Drum Concert, and a festival of the worlds percussion music, which will serve as the grand finale of the numerous festivals taking place at many locations throughout Seoul in September. As many as 18 world-class percussion music teams from Korea, Australia, Japan, China, Mexico, and Brazil will take part in the main event, staging an extravaganza of fun and excitement unique to percussive music. The event is expected to provide the audience with a chance to appreciate the charms unique to the art of percussion, as well as allowing them to communicate with each other beyond the barriers of language and culture. Various experience programs will also take place from 11am to 6pm on September 24, making the festival all the more enjoyable and exciting. The scheduled programs will include the World Percussion Instrument Exhibition and Experience, which will showcase more than 1,000 percussion instruments from around the world, the Learn how to play percussion instruments from East and West, and the Recycled Musical Instrument-making programs. Notably, the world-class percussion music teams participating in this years Seoul Drum Festival will hold a congratulatory friendship concert at the Korea-Japan Joint Festival, which will be held at Seoul Plaza on September 25 as part of the Drum Festival to boost friendship between the two neighbors. Admission to the event is free. For further information, please contact the 120 Dasan Call Center, or visit the Seoul Drum Festivals website at (www.seouldrum.go.kr). Photos of the 2010 Seoul Drum Festival
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the Second Gwanghwamun Square Calligraphy Contest at Gwanghwamun Square, home to the new statue of King Sejong the Great, on Hangeul Day (October 9). The contest will provide an opportunity for people to discover the excellent qualities of Hangeul, the Korean alphabet, and the importance of Korean characters on the occasion of the 565th Hangeul Day. The event will also enable Gwanghwamun Square to emerge as Koreas flagship plaza and a hotspot of leisure and culture activities that is highly popular among Seouls citizens. Moreover, the event will serve as a venue for Hangeul Day, a festival in which anyone, irrespective of their nationality, can participate and express their creative ideas through calligraphic writing and paintings. Participants in this annual contest, which was launched just last year, are classified into adult and student categories (ranging from kindergarten to high school students), and try their hand in one of the following fields: Hangeul, painting in a literary artist style, seal engraving, written engraving, and modern calligraphy. Two grand prize winners will be selected (3 million won for the winner in the adult category, 500,000 won in the student category, and the Seoul Mayor award), along with 12 winners of the gold, silver, and bronze prizes (500,000 won  100,000 won for the adult category, 200,000 won  50,000 won for students, and the Korea Artistic Academy presidents award), and two winners of special prizes. At the event site, diverse programs  including family motto writing, making rubbings of wooden carvings inscribed with famous sayings, and a calligraphic writing performance  will also be held to provide family groups visiting Gwanghwamun Square with plenty of things to see and enjoy during the holiday. To participate in the event, please submit your application to the Korea Artistic Academys website (http://www.kaac.kr) or visit the Academys Secretariat at 288-1 Pirun-dong, Jongno-gu, +82-2-720-1239). Applications will be accepted until October 6, and participants will be charged a participation fee of 10,000 won.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will conduct an intensive two-week Business Start-up School Program for International Residents, which was conceived to assist foreigners hoping to start up a business in Seoul. The Seoul Global Center has been conducting the Business Start-up School Program for International Residents in Seoul since 2009. The upcoming Business Start-up School, which will open on September 19, will offer education focused on core matters when opening a business in Seoul, ranging from basic information such as the startup process, permissions and approvals, and labor issues, to target marketing, the opening of Internet shopping malls, and the acquisition of patents. Additionally, the course will offer a special lecture by a foreigner invited from among previous graduates of the start-up school who have successfully start up a business in Korea, in order to help would-be foreign CEOs boost their capacities through mentoring. From this year, people who have completed the Business Start-up School Program for International Residents will be entitled to benefit from the Seoul Metropolitan Governments Small and Medium Business Promotion Fund, and could receive up to 50 million won in startup loans. Furthermore, the course will offer one-on-one consulting in various fields, including financial matters, marketing and public relations, all of which can emerge as important issues following business startup. By so doing, it aims to provide support to ensure that new companies get beyond the startup phase and continue operating successfully. The Business Start-up School Program for International Residents will take place at the Korea Press Center in Taepyeong-ro, Jung-gu from 7 pm to 9 pm during weekdays, thus taking into account the situation of employed foreigners who may not be able to take time off during the day. Thus far, the Business Start-up School Program for International Residents has produced a total of 275 graduates, of whom 31 people from 16 countries have successfully launched businesses in various fields, including the wholesale and retail, education, and dining sectors. Additionally, Korean  Start-up School Lectures for foreigners from non-English-speaking countries, who are not proficient in English, will also be held throughout October and December. To support foreigners who cannot afford to attend lectures due to time and geographical constraints, video lectures are also provided via the website, free of charge. The next Business Start-up School Program for International Residents will take place in November. For further details, please visit the Seoul Global Center website at (http://global.seoul.go.kr), or dial +82-2-2075-4112.
A K-POP Cover Competition took place in Taipei, where participants tried to mimic the dance moves of Korean pop singers in order to win air tickets to Seoul. The contest drew keen attention from hallyu fans there. The Seoul Metropolitan Government held a Hallyu Cover Competition, as a pre-event to the Girls Generation Concert held at the Taipei Arena for three days starting on September 10, and selected three teams of Taiwanese people as prizewinners. The Seoul Metropolitan Government hosted the Cover Competition for the first time. A total of 36 teams submitted applications via online, and uploaded their video clips on Seoul Metropolitan Governments YouTube channel for one week. The final twelve were singled out from the participating teams through a review that was based on the number of views and recommendations.Knight, a nine-member mixed gender band, won the top prize by performing dance to the tune of Shinys Lucifer and Super Juniors Mr. Simple. All members from the winning team were given air tickets linking Taipei and Seoul, courtesy of Korean Air. Members of the Knight band said it was a highly enjoyable and touching contest, with one of them commenting, I will make efforts to introduce hallyu in Taiwan, adding, When I visit Seoul, I will definitely visit Dongdaemun and Myeong-dong. The second prize went to a mens eight-member band called, Rainbow Generation, whose members were clad in school uniforms and covered Oh by, Girls Generation, while the third prize went to T Time, a six-member band who performed Into the New World by, Girls Generation. Meanwhile, local media organizations, newspapers, and magazines, including Taipeis major terrestrial broadcaster EBC TV, visited the site of the Cover Competition, and scrambled to cover the event, demonstrating the Taiwanese peoples enthusiastic interest in K-POP music. Meanwhile, the Seoul Metropolitan Government operated a separate promotional booth at the concert venue during the Girls Generation Concert that was held in Taiwan during September 10  12, and conducted various promotional activities targeting over 20,000 audience members.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will conduct three rounds of the Seoul Exploration Program for Foreigners as a Special Fall Event, offering them a chance to visit must-see tourist hotspots in the City via public transportation, from September 24 to November. This years Fall Tour program will consist of three courses, namely a bike tour, a walking tour via forest (park) paths, and an exploratory visit to Seoul Fortress Walls. These courses are designed to allow participants to enjoy Seouls tourist hotspots and appreciate fall in the City to the maximum. Upon completing their exploration of Seoul, participants in the program will be invited to upload mission photos taken at tourist attractions and their tour essays on the Seoul Metropolitan Governments official Facebook site, YouTube, and personal SNS to showcase graphic images of the Korean capital and share the charms of the City with people all around the world. The tour program, which will start on September 24, will be conducted on three occasions. Around 50 foreigners can take part in each session of the program. Those interested can apply for one of the three courses, for which participation is free. Foreigners wishing to participate in the first round program, scheduled for September 24, can get further details by visiting the Seoul Metropolitan Governments English and Chinese websites (english(chinese).seoul.go.kr), or the Cultural Experience website at (www.addicted2seoul.co.kr), from September 14 to 21. The program will be offered on a first come, first served basis. The participants will be individually notified by September 22, and will be required to bring their foreign residents ID, or other forms of picture ID including passports, to confirm their identity on the day of the event.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the 2011 Seoul DMC Culture Open (SeDCO) at the Sangam DMC area in Mapo-gu for three days from September 29 to October 1. The event, which marks its fourth anniversary this year, will be held under five themes, namely Global Conference, Synergy Plus, Culture Plus, Sympathy Plus, and Hallyu Plus, in order to provide visitors with a host of exciting things to see and do. The most notable event at this years Culture Open is a Media Art Exhibition that integrates cutting-edge IT technology and future art. For the Media Art Exhibition program, the entire DMC area, including exhibition facilities in the DMC complex, and the Media Board on the DMC building, will be used as giant exhibition halls for diverse media artworks including animated and independent films. In addition, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will present four different tour courses, including the salaried workers course, family course, couples course, and students course, to enable different groups of visitors to more effectively enjoy the diverse events and programs of the Culture Open. For further details of the 2011 Seoul DMC Culture Open, please call the Seoul Metropolitan Governments 120 Dasan Call Center, visit the Seoul DMC Culture Open website (http://sedco.sba.kr), or call the Seoul Business Agencys Cluster Construction Team at (+82-2-3153-7122). Admission to the festival is free. Shuttle buses will be operated between the Digital Media City Station on Subway Line 6 and the event site during the festival as a convenient means of transportation for visitors to the Culture Open. Photos of 2010 Seoul DMC Culture Open
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has selected a number of foreign nationals as 2011 Honorary Citizens in recognition of their long-term contributions to the development of Seoul and the promotion of Korean culture around the world. The City Government has selected 16 foreigners from 12 countries as Honorary Citizens this year, thereby swelling the ranks of the 650 who have already been named as Honorary Seoul Citizens in previous years. The newly appointed honorary citizens will receive Honorary Citizenship certificates from Seouls Mayor during the 2011 Honorary Citizens Day Ceremony, which will take place at Sejong Hall, Sejong Center for the Performing Arts on October 28. Since 1958 the City Government has been awarding Honorary Citizenships to foreigners who make significant contributions to expanding the basis for far-reaching international exchange and developing Seoul as a leading global city, as well as to foreign heads of state, top government officials, and diplomats, as a means of acknowledging their contributions and enhancing cooperative ties. With the 16 set to receive Seoul Honorary Citizenships this year, 666 people from 91 countries will have been honored in total. By nationality, the winners of Honorary Citizenships include 168 Americans, 40 Japanese, 29 Germans, 29 Chinese, 24 Britons, 16 French, and 14 Canadians.
The artwork titled Metaseosa (Meta Fiction)  Seoveol by artist Jeon Su-cheon (Prof. of Art at the Korea National University of Arts) has been selected for installation at the new City Hall building. In order to choose a public artwork that will culturally symbolize the new City Hall, which is currently under construction, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has been running a contest involving seven renowned Korean artists who were singled out in May by the competition selection committee. Jeon Su-cheons Metaseosa (Meta Fiction)  Seoveol was selected as the winning work through a citizen evaluation based on a survey of citizens preferences (conducted from August 25  31, 2011), and a review of the artworks by a panel of experts (September 2, 2011). The artwork will be installed at the reception inside the Eco Plaza, where a vertical green wall measuring 50 meters in length and 27.5 meters in width will be erected to express the citys dream of and commitment to an Eco Seoul.The motif behind Metaseosa (Meta Fiction)  Seoveol is the creation of an energetically soaring whirlwind of converging drops of life that simultaneously symbolizes bubbles, water, air and light. The work has been created as a public artwork that will spread visual vitality to all corners of the new City Hall and transmit the vigor of life to all those who view it. The artwork formatively manifests the artists message, which suggests that just as small bubbles converge to create a large cloud and spiraling whirlwind, so citizens participation and creativity come together to generate a new epic and culture of Seoul in which citizens are happy, and which is beloved by the world. The installation is also characterized by the fact that it is not merely a work that exists only to be viewed by sight, but is also an open piece of art through which citizens can pass at their leisure, and onto which they can project their own stories. The winning artwork will undergo a review and advisory process by architects, construction experts, and public art experts, and will be coordinated and adjusted to ensure that the messages of architecture, art and citizens can be adequately harmonized before its slated completion in April of next year.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will participate in the 2011 Korea Regional Development Week, which is being held at the Kimdaejung Convention Center in Gwangju Metropolitan City from September 7 to 9. At the event, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will introduce to investors from Korea and elsewhere the progress and future vision of its bid to join the ranks of the Global Top Five Cities under the theme 2020 Smart City Seoul. Hosted by the Ministry of Knowledge Economy and the Presidential Committee on Regional Development, the Korea Regional Development Week is an exhibition for the development of local regions which brings together 16 provincial and metropolitan city governments. The event showcases major projects implemented by provincial governments, and gives visitors a chance to share the related investment policy and the progress of their implementation. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will operate a promotional booth under the theme of 2020 Smart City Seoul, which is also the City Governments first economic master plan, and the first mid- to long-term general economic and industrial development initiative set by a metropolitan or provincial government, as announced last May. The City Government will introduce to investors from Korea and overseas its future growth engine industries, which it is strategically cultivating. The City Government will also introduce the projects it has implemented with foreign investment, including Sangam-dong DMC, Magok district development, the Seoul International Financial Center project in Yeouido, and the redevelopment of Seoul Grand Park, thereby intensively promoting the investment environment and investment opportunities to potential investors. Additionally, the City Government will promote Seouls investment projects to more than 20 foreign investors invited by KOTRA, and offer one-on-one investor counseling while stepping up its efforts to attract investment. The City Government will conduct one-on-one investor counseling for investors interested in Seoul at the event site from 2 pm on September 7. It will also offer onsite tours and an informational session designed to induce investment in major projects, including Sangam-dong DMC, on September 8. The Korea Regional Development Week has been opened to the public, free of charge, in order to promote the publics awareness of and participation in the governments regional development projects. The event will again offer diverse things for visitors to see and do, including a 3-D movie theater and an exhibition of cutting-edge motion capture equipment.  Promotional booth at Korea Regional Development Week 
SEOUL, the English-language monthly magazine published jointly by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and Seoul Selection (http://www.seoulselection.com), has been promoting Seoul to people around the world since 2003 by providing information on hotspots and culture and arts in the Korean capital. SEOUL, about 19,000 copies of which are printed around the 25th of every month, is distributed free of charge at outlets frequented by foreigners, including tourist information centers, royal palaces, hotels across Seoul, airports, and Korean Cultural Centers, as well as at overseas offices of the Korea Tourism Organization and Korean Air. SEOUL is notable because the monthly is edited by Robert Koehler, an American who has lived in Korea for 15 years, and reported by Ben Jackson, a Briton who majored in Korean language at Sheffield University in the U.K. As such, the magazine provides news reports effectively catering to foreigners needs and tastes. SEOUL provides not only travel information for tourists visiting Seoul but also information on living, events and performances for foreign residents in the City. The Travel Information corner introduces hotspots for foreign tourists in Seoul, and offers special programs that enable foreign visitors to experience 100 percent of Seoul. As such, the magazine comprehensively introduces tourism, culture, and the arts in Seoul, rather than serving merely as a stereotypical guidebook. In addition, the magazine offers a wide variety of contents, including information on foods, fashion, shopping and leisure, matters of keen interest among foreigners, information on events, performances, festivals and exhibition for foreigners, thus catering to the needs of not only visitors to Seoul but also to its foreign residents. Maps and Coupons, appendices to the magazine, provide the locations of tourist attractions in Seoul, including restaurants, clubs, galleries and tourist hotspots by district, and other useful information, and various discount coupons.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to promote the diverse customs of Koreas Chuseok holiday to enable foreign residents to better understand traditional Korean holidays and relieve their homesickness, while enjoying traditional games and participating in traditional ceremonies. The Seoul Global Center, which is located in Taepyeong-ro, Jung-gu, will hold a Festival of Harmony with foreign residents in Seoul from 3 pm to 5 pm on September 8. The Festival of Harmony will comprise a series of events in which foreign residents will have the chance to dress up in a hanbok, set the table for charye (a ritual in which family members pay homage to theirs ancestors), and make and taste songpyeon (half-moon shape rice cake). The Festival of Harmony will showcase various promotional materials to assist foreign residents with life in Seoul, and hold a cultural performance, including a photo contest featuring snaps of the various events for foreigners, which the City Government has hosted over the past few years. The City Governments Global Village Center and Migrant Workers Centers, which are operated in areas with a large foreign population, will also hold diverse events to celebrate the Chuseok holiday. The Yeoksam Global Village Center will hold an event designed to enable foreigners to experience hanbok and learn about traditional Korean customs and etiquette at Namsan Hanok Village from 10:30 am on September 5. The Geumcheon Migrant Workers Center will organize a songpyeon-making event and traditional games at the center from 10 am on September 6. The Yangcheon Migrant Workers Center will also offer a songpyeon-making event and an event enabling foreigners to experience a traditional Korean holiday from 1 to 5 pm on September 7. The Ichon Global Village Center will hold an event for foreigners to experience songpyeon-making from 11 am on September 9. The Gangdong Migrant Workers Center will hold a song contest during Chuseok for more than 100 migrant workers, and an event enabling them to experience traditional games at the underground auditorium of the Seongnae Social Welfare Center from 2 pm on September 9. Photos of events held in 2010
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the Worldwide Ads Creative Festival for 2011 (Second Half), the largest of its kind event in Korea, which will showcase award winners of eight famed advertising contests, including two of the worlds top three ad festivals, at KGIT in Sangam-dong, Seoul from September 28 to October 1, in line with the opening of DMC Culture there. Hosted jointly by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Korea Commercial Film Makers Union, and organized by the Seoul Business Agency and the Korea Federation of Advertising Associations, the event is Koreas largest commercial film presentation festival, and will mark its third edition after those held in the first half of 2010 and 2011. During the festival, visitors will have a chance to enjoy screenings by award winners at the Clio Awards and the New York Festival, regarded as two of the top three global ad festivals, along with prize winners from the worlds top eight ad festivals, including those held in Russia, the Eastern European Bloc, the UK, China and Hong Kong. All the works to be screened at the presentation sessions are award winners of this years Clio, New York Festival, ADFest, and Young Director Awards events. They also include winners of the 2010 events at the London, MIAF, Kampan, and LongXi ad festivals, which announce their prize winners in the second half of the year. The event will also display over 50 winners in the print ad category of the Busan International Ad Festival, more than 50 winners of the Clio Awards, and over 100 winners of other commercial film festivals, showcasing a combined total of 200 works around the exterior of the screening theater and providing visitors with plenty of things to see and enjoy. The admission fee for the event is set at 4,000 won to 6,000 won per show, while a full-day admission ticket is priced at 18,000 won. Up to 250 audience members will be allowed to enter the theater on a first come, first served basis. People who make reservations during the early reservation period (September 7  19) can get a 15 percent discount on their admission tickets. People interested in participating in the event are expected to register online at the reservation website at (http://wacf.ad.co.kr) from September 7. For further information on the event, please dial the Seoul Business Agency at (+82-2-380-3504). Major Ads for Second Half of 2011 Premature Perspiration (Ponce Buenos Aires, Argentina)Proud Papa (Leo Burnett, US)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will conduct a special event to promote Seoul to Chinese people in conjunction with the airing of the hit TV drama My Princess, which features such renowned hallyu stars as actor Song Seung-heon and actress Kim Tae-hee, by China Entertainment TV (CETV). My Princess is a 16-episode drama series that was first aired on Koreas MBC TV throughout January and February of this year. The drama, which has been exported to China, has been airing on CETV since August 23, enjoying immense popularity there. The Seoul Metropolitan Government is also conducting various promotional activities, including various offline events in line with the hallyu dramas currently being aired in the Asian region, including China, and supporting the production of the Seoul edition of the showbiz news shows of respective various Asian countries. Amid these efforts, the City Government is seeking to promote the Korean capitals beauty and charms, as part of a broader ongoing campaign to attract TV viewers in these countries to Seoul. First off, CETV will host the My Princess Pageant Contest, in which participants will receive lessons on makeup skills and fashions currently in vogue in Seoul, as well as undergo an acting audition. (http://www.cetv.com/event/Mygz/index.htm)On September 3, six finalists will enter a final round of the My Princess Pageant Contest at Di Wang Plaza in Guangzhou, China, where they will wear the design fashion collection of D. NUE, which was originally introduced at Seoul Fashion Week, and promote Seoul as an attractive tourist destination. Furthermore, CETV, in conjunction with the airing of My Princess, will produce special editions (My Princess Copycatting in Seoul) of its flagship information show TrendyMaster, and will broadcast the three editions  Follow-up on dating places, Copycat Kim Tae-hee Fashion and Romantic Seoul  from September 5 to 7. The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to use various events and the airing of special programs, including the My Princess Pageant Contest, to raise awareness of Seouls charms and promote the image of the Korean capital as a fashion hub to young Chinese people. Additionally, the City Government will continue to contact major foreign broadcasters and offer support for the production of various supplementary contents, on top of the airing of hallyu dramas, as it steps up its efforts to effectively promote Seoul all around the world.
Design Seoul received the Grand Prize in the Community Category at the awards ceremony of the Index Awards 2011, which took place at the Opera House in Copenhagen, Denmark at 3 am, September 2, 2011 (Korea time). The Index Awards were launched in 2005 by the non-profit design foundation Index, which is supported by the Danish royal family, in a bid to find new ways of overcoming the various crises facing humanity and to improve the quality of life under the slogan of Design for a Better Life. Among the various design contests, these awards are famous for paying the largest amount of prize money to the winners. A total of 966 designs from 78 countries were submitted to this years Index Awards Contest. An 11-member panel of international judges screened the submissions last June and singled out as candidates for awards in the Community category three of the Seoul Metropolitan Governments major projects, namely the Design Seoul Project, Seoul Call Center Dasan 120, and the Cheonggyecheon Restoration Project. The winners of the five categories, including Design Seoul, and 55 candidates, including Seoul Call Center Dasan 120 and the Cheonggyecheon Restoration Project, will go on a global exhibition tour over the next two years. Meanwhile, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to use the prize money from the Index Awards to install an enjoyable design artwork at the new city hall building currently under construction and thereby share the honor with Seoulites.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government said that 115,000 people visited the Seoul PR booth that was installed at the Qingdao Beer Festival, which was conducted for 16 days from August 13 to 28. Seoul Metropolitan Government was the only participant that participated in the event as a city, as it took part in the Qingdao Beer Festival under the theme of Do You Know Seoul? Accordingly, the citys government promoted various cultural contents about the Korean capital to local Chinese nationals, and foreign visitors. The citys government singled out a 3-D video that attracted visitors attention, various programs designed for visitors to participate in, including Seouls representative cultural festival Sachoom Dance Musical (Dance If You Love), and the opportunity to experience traditional Korean games as the reasons for why so many foreigners visited the Seoul Pavilion. The Seoul Metropolitan Government installed its promotional booth in the International Beer Pavilion, the venue of the festival. From there they screened the 3-D Seoul promotional video that enabled visitors to experience the present and future of the city and operated various facilities designed for experiencing tuho (arrow throwing game) and jegichagi (Korean shuttlecock kicking game), which are traditional Korean games that foreigners can also conveniently play and thus introduced Korean culture to other people. The city also displayed the non-verbal performance, Sachoom (Dance If You Love), on the main stage of the event during August 15 and 16, offering a venue for cultural exchange. As if reflecting the sheer popularity of Seoul-related contents, major Chinese media outlets also expressed a keen interest in the Seoul Metropolitan Governments participation in the beer festival. In fact, a flurry of media organizations, including the Peoples Daily, Qilu Evening Newspaper, QTV, Qingdao Morning Daily, Qingdao Broadcasting & News Center, Qingdao News, and Qingdao Media Network, visited the Seoul PR booth and covered the event.
The 2011 Fashion Cube, an international business venue for small and medium-sized fashion brands in Seoul and major buyers from foreign countries, will be held during September 1-2 at the Seoul Fashion Center in Sindang-dong, Jung-gu. Through the export fair, the Seoul Metropolitan Government aims to make new brands widely known, and to attain more than 20 billion won in export deals. By so doing, the city government plans to develop Fashion Cube into a world-class trade fair and exhibition for small and medium-sized fashion brands.Participants in this years event include 62 small and medium-sized fashion companies from across Seoul, including At-Mue Korea in Dongdaemun. The event will be the largest export fair of its kind in Korea as it has been designed for small and medium-sized fashion brands in Korea. More than 300 major buyers from seven countries, including China and Japan, will take part in the fair en masse, as the event provides small and medium-sized fashion firms with a chance to develop foreign markets. The export exhibition will bring together 62 small and medium-sized fashion brands from across Seoul. They include 30 womens apparel firms, seven young casual companies, 22 accessory and miscellaneous goods makers, and three others, including those for mens clothing. According to buyers preference for the respective categories, the organizers determined the number of participating companies in each category. The Fashion Cube is comprised of an export exhibition, an export fashion show, and a night market tour counseling. The exhibition will feature 62 individual booths that will display items in the respective categories of womens apparel, young casuals, and miscellaneous goods. To showcase products to buyers in an efficient way, export fashion shows will take place twice daily at 2 pm and 4:30 pm. The organizer will deploy one professional interpreter per company for the two days by charging a participants fee of 200,000 won, and thus maximize business effects by conducting more professional business counseling. Highlights from the 2010 Event
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is running a free lecture on How to Make Traditional Food for Chuseok, at the Agricultural Technology Center from September 1-2, 2011. This lecture will provide homemakers in the city with the opportunity to learn how to make songpyeon (half-moon shape rice cake), and other dishes for guests.The lecture series on How to Make Traditional Food for Chuseok will consist of two courses, including Cooking for Guests, which is designed to teach participants how to treat guests during the Chuseok holiday and how to make songpyeon and decorative tteok (rice cakes), which will teach them how to make delicious and beautiful songpyeon, a half-moon shape rice cake enjoyed during the Chuseok holiday. At the Cooking for Guests lecture on September 1, the participants will learn through demonstration how to make beef sanjeok (meat and vegetables kebob) amongst other things. On the second day, they will learn from Choe Sun-ja, a master of traditional Korean rice cake and hangwa (traditional Korea sweets), how to conveniently make songpyeon. The free lecture on How to Make Traditional Food for Chuseok is offered free of charge. Those interested in participating in the lecture are requested to apply via the Centers website: http://agro.seoul.go.kr from 11 am on August 30 to 1 pm on August 31. Participation is available on a first come, first serve basis. For more information on the lectures, please call the Living Education Team at the Agricultural Technology Center at +82-2-459-8994, or visit the website.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will conduct an emotional marketing campaign by classifying over 30,000 foreigners concerned with the city, and by mobilizing Customer Relationship Management (CRM) programs to cater the respective groups. The government plans to classify over 30,000 foreigners into Global Leaders, Global Elite, and Next Generation Leaders groups, systematically manage the groups, and use them as channels for implementing its efforts to secure growth engines and step up marketing to boost the citys competitiveness. Seoul Metropolitan Government will manage foreign diplomats, mayors of foreign cities, brain groups who are involved in advising for the development of the city, the Seoul International Business Advisory Council (SIBAC), members of the Foreign Investment Advisory Council (FIAC), and honorary citizens of the city as being in the Global Leader group.The Global Elite will mostly include the civil servants in foreign cities who are in charge of practical municipal administration, professionals in the financial sector, foreign journalists, and those who are playing major roles in creating positive opinions about Seoul. The government will classify foreign students studying in Seoul, foreign students who have worked as interns at City Hall, and foreign vocational trainees, as the Next Generation Elite group and will invite them to international events and cultural events in order to help them grow in becoming Seouls friends. By using its global human network that was recently reinforced, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will form a Global Policy Group of Advisors on fields such as education, medical service housing, and transportation, and thus present measures to expedite the citys development as seen from the perspective of foreigners. The government also plans to run a Global City Administration Research Forum with the aforementioned infrastructure, and will receive an objective assessment of major policies and success stories of the city through research by excellent overseas human resources, and thereby create the momentum to accelerate relevant academic advancement. Finally, Seoul Metropolitan Government will address inconveniences and ways to improve living in Seoul as seen from foreigners perspective. They will be invited to participate in hands-on mentoring, including Korean language education for multicultural families, and training of parents native language, and as a result they will be enabled to take the lead in implementing practical policies to support foreigners in the city.
The Seoul Global Center is offering a special Korean language lecture on start-up for foreigners, who, due to their lack of English proficiency, have had difficulties understanding the English lectures that have been conducted at the Start-up School. The Seoul Global Center conducted a special lecture by an invited expert on the start-up process in Korea at the Korea Press Center in Taepyeong-ro, Jung-gu at 10 am, August 27. The special lecture was especially significant in that business counseling conducted by the Seoul Global Center to support the stable establishment of start-ups by foreign residents in Seoul is conducted in Korean at the request of foreigners from non-OECD countries, who are more proficient in Korean than English. The lecture was provided to more than 40 foreigners from non-English speaking countries, who wish to open businesses in Seoul, and focused on the introduction of the Seoul Metropolitan Governments small business assistance program. The lecture was then followed by a Q&A session that enabled the participants to get answers to questions about the start-up process in Seoul, and its characteristics. To assist would-be foreign investors with small capital to open businesses in Seoul, the lecture program informs them of practical issues to consider, including business registration and the provision of policy funds. The program also provides information on the operation of small and medium business assistance centers, the funds assistance policy, collateralization, as well as information on issues to note when funds flow in, and the process for the use of credit guarantee. By doing so, the program aims to enable them to actually start up businesses in Seoul. The next startup advisory lectures will be conducted in October and December. For more information on the lecture series, please visit the Seoul Global Centers Website at: (http://global.seoul.go.kr) or call: +82-2-2075-4112.
Mnet Japan, a leading TV channel presenting hallyu contents, and The Travel Channel, the only channel dedicated to tourism in China, will air special programs that introduce Seoul. Buzz Korea will be broadcast in a series of four episodes in Japan at 7 pm every Friday from August 26. In China, a program entitled, Beautiful City, Smart Life: How to Become a Fashion Star in Seoul will be broadcast across the country on August 28. Buzz Korea is Mnet Japans entertainment show in which Korean pop culture idols introduce the charms of Korea. In the special show about Seoul, which is to be aired on August 26, young Japanese tourists will visit Seoul in person, and will tour the tourist attractions in the Korean capital together with Korean idol music bands RaNia and Block B. Also, in conjunction with the airing of Buzz Koreas special edition on Seoul, an event will be offered on the Seoul Metropolitan Governments Japanese language website (http://japanese.seoul.go.kr/lh/community/seishun.php) by September 18. Those who solve quizzes on Buzz Koreas special edition on Seoul will win giveaways, including name brand sunglasses, cosmetic products, more than 20 units of Seoul City memorabilia, and name tags with Block Bs autographs. Winners of the event will be announced on September 20 on Seoul Metropolitan Governments Yahoo! Japan blog (http://blogs.yahoo.co.jp/hi_seoul_travel). Beautiful City, Smart Life, a popular show of The Travel Channel, which is Chinas lone channel dedicated to tourism, will introduce the latest trends in Seoul under the concept of, How to Become a Fashion Star in Seoul, on August 28. In this program, which will introduce the lifestyle of this elegant city, a famed reporter in China will visit major fashion and shopping hotspots in Seoul, including Myeong-dong, Apgujeong-dong, and Garosu-gil in Sinsa-dong. They will showcase in detail the latest of fashion styles, hairstyles, and the skincare methods of hallyu stars, who are highly popular in China, plus they will provide information on healthy foods in Seoul. Diverse events will also be offered in conjunction with the special show to be aired in China. These include a quiz event about the show, which will be offered at Seoul Metropolitan Governments Chinese website (http://chinese.seoul.go.kr/lh/community/quiz/event.php) from August 25 to September 2. After watching a quiz presented by the shows reporter while on air, if viewers give the right answer to the quiz on Seoul Metropolitan Governments Chinese website, up to 10 people will be awarded cosmetic products from a Korean name brand cosmetics company through a lottery drawing. The winners will be announced on the website on September 9. Meanwhile, the Government is conducting various events designed to generate interest among Japanese and Chinese nationals via leading TV channels in Seoul as part of its efforts to beef up overseas marketing.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold a policy proposal presentation session as part of the Seoul International Student Forum (SISF) at the Welfare Center of the City Hall Seosomun Annex at 6 pm on August 26. SISFs policy proposal presentation session, which marks the fourth annual event this year, is a venue where 84 foreign students from 32 countries, as members of the forum, propose creative ideas to advance the development of Seoul City. Notably, this years session has focused on the development of creative ideas to enable students to freely express their creative ideas by using various multimedia materials, including user created contents, rather than only using the conventional presentation format. Also, outstanding policy proposals will be posted on Seoul Global Centers website at (global.seoul.go.kr), and will be used as promotional materials for SISF. In the policy proposal presentation session, students who are members of SISF, will make policy suggestions in six categories, including employment, the environment, public relations, transportation, information, and housing. The most notable proposal will be the, Installation of Additional Trash Bins on the Street. The proposal points out that people face an inconvenience due to a lack of garbage bins on the streets of Seoul, and that different garbage bin designs for the respective ward offices make it difficult for people to properly sort and dispose trash that should be recycled materials. Another idea calls for the opening of an Employment Information Seminar at the Seoul Global Center in order to help foreign students land jobs, which reveals a high level of interest among foreign students who have studied in Seoul to find work in the city.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will conduct a Cultural Views 2011 lecture, which is designed to enable foreigners living in Seoul to understand Korean culture, and introduce behaviors and manners in daily living and their meanings before Chuseok, or the Korean Thanksgiving holidays. The upcoming lecture will introduce the meaning and forms of families that are different from those in the West. It is will held in the seminar room at the Seoul Global Culture and Tourism Center in Myeong-dong at 7:30 pm on August 26. The lecture will also provide information on the origin of Chuseok, one of the largest Korean traditional holidays, its holiday foods, and the roles and images of family members during the holidays. The lecture will be offered in English by Isabel Min, Chief of the TCK Institute and a professor at Sungkyunkwan University. She will answer participants questions on Korean culture during a Q&A session.The Understanding Daily Living in Korea lecture series, which started last May, is a very useful program that introduces Korean words and deeds as shown in their daily living, which are difficult for foreigners to understand despite living in Korea for a long time. It also provides practical ways to effectively cope with each situation.The previous lectures have addressed the issues of shopping and food in Korea. Through November, a series of lectures focusing on information that is essential for living in Seoul, including transportation, will be provided free of charge once a month until November. After lectures, participating foreigners can share their experience and information on living in Seoul. When they have unanswered questions, they can ask staff members of the Seoul Global Culture and Tourism Center for detailed information. Any foreigners, who want to learn about everyday life in Korea, and Koreans who are seeking cultural exchange can attend the lecture. They are required to either call +82-2-3789-7961, send an email to seoulcenter@seoulwelcome.com, or visit the Seoul Global Tourism and Culture Center in Myeong-dong to apply to attend the lecture series.
In partnership with 18 universities in the city, the Seoul Global Center will provide a Mobile Orientation program for new foreign students who will enter universities in September. The orientation program will give foreign students basic living information, including the following: housing, medical services, public transportation, drivers licenses, mobile phone services, banking, matters that they need to know about the most for their living in Seoul, and useful information like the location of libraries and large bookstores. The program will also introduce major cultural hotspots and tourist attractions in Seoul, providing comprehensive information on things to see and enjoy during their time here. The orientation program will visit the universities to offer customized information by categorizing foreign students into undergraduates, graduates, and exchange students. When students need additional information, the Seoul Global Center in the Korea Press Center in Taepyeong-ro will give one-on-one counseling. Alan Timblick, head of the Seoul Global Center, will visit Yonsei University at 3 pm on August 24, and will offer orientation to more than 600 exchange students from foreign countries. He will provide answers to foreign students who have questions about various matters concerning their living in Seoul. Meanwhile, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is conducting diverse programs for foreign students, including a foreign student forum (June to September every year) and a global internship (every summer and winter vacation). The citys government will preferably recruit students who participate in the orientation program as participants of such programs. Foreign students who wish to participate in the foreign student forum and global internship can gain more information by visiting the Seoul Global Centers website (http://global.seoul.go.kr) or by dialing (+82-2-2075- 4113).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government said a public bid to select the founder and operator of Gaepo Foreign School has received project applications from seven schools in Korea and from foreign countries, including the U.S., Britain, Finland, and Singapore. The school will be constructed on the 16,078 sq. meter property at Gaepo-dong 153, in Gangnam-gu, Seoul. Gaepo Foreign School, which will include kindergarten, elementary, and middle and high school programs, will have over 800 students. The project will start in May of next year, with the slated inauguration of the school having been set for, September 2013. The city government held a public bid from June 13 to August 18 to recruit the founder and operator of the school. Schools that submitted application are seven institutions, namely Ellesmere College of the U.K., Eton House of Singapore, Manchester Grammar School of the U.K., the Waterford School of the U.S. Jyvskyl Lyceum of Finland, Brighton College of the U.K., and the Seoul European School. (chronological order of application)The citys government will form an assessment committee that is comprised of the heads of foreign communities Seoul City Council members and professionals from the legal, accounting, construction sectors and foreign schools, and will choose three to five schools in Septembers phase one screening process. Afterwards, judges will visit the schools that passed the initial screening, in person, in October, and will conduct onsite due diligence, before singling out two to three schools as preferred negotiating partners, after a general assessment. Meanwhile, Gaepo Foreign School will provide school property to the selected operator through the method of, property lease on rent, and the operator will be required to mobilize the construction costs. In September of last year, Seoul Metropolitan Government inaugurated the, Dulwich College Seoul in Banpo-dong, and will open The Dwight School of the U.S. in Sangam-dong DMC in the September of next year.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government said the rental ratio of shops in the underground shopping mall at the Seoul International Finance Center, which will be completed in phases from October this year to 2012, has topped 60%. Also, as convenience facilities and amenities in a new hotel at SIFC have been refurbished in succession, SIFC is now poised to transform Yeouido into a multi space that encompasses shopping, culture, and business, as well as being a financial hub. SIFC, with a combined floor space of 505,694 sq. meters, is well under way in its construction at Yeouido-dong, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul and is slated for completion in 2012. The project entails the construction of four buildings, including three towers that are designed for premium-class business and a five-star hotel. The underground spaces of these four buildings are interlinked. Above all, a Multiplex Movie Theater with nine screens will be installed in SIFCs underground level as the first facility of its kind to open in Yeouido. The theater is expected to be highly popular among financiers who enjoy cultural activities during the week, and local residents and Seoulites who visit Yeouido in family groups during the weekend. A large bookstore spanning 3,000 sq. meters and a fashion brand store that sells name brand and luxury items will also make SIFC Mall their homes. SIFC Mall will not only serve as a cultural space but also as a landmark-shopping site in the southwestern region of Seoul. High-end restaurants, a food court, and supermarket will also be installed in the mall. In consideration of the characteristic of Yeouido being a financial hub where global enterprises are moving in en masse, SIFC is expected to attract companies and shops that will cater to the needs of professionals who are keen on the latest trends, and will thus elevate living standards for local residents by expanding living facilities that are largely lacking in Yeouido, which is an area that has only been considered a center for economy and politics. With the construction of a new-concept luxury business hotel at SIFC, a landmark business site for foreign financiers and professionals who are visiting Yeouido will also emerge. An underground public pedestrian path linking Yeouido Station (Lines 5 and 9) and the SIFC underground mall will be constructed to increase convenience in cultural life for all of the citizens and tourists who are visiting this new landmark.
Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Seoul Business Agency (SBA) are running an Experience Stop Motion Animation Production program, in which children, teenagers, and ordinary citizens create animation movies with colored clay. The program is becoming immensely popular. Experience Stop Motion Animation Production is a long-standing experience program that is operated at the Seoul Animation Center in Namsan, Seoul. The fee for participation in the program is 2,000 won per person. (Inquiry: Cartoon and Character Team at +82-2-3455-8341~2, 8346 and website http://www.ani.seoul.kr)Stop motion animation is an animation genre, in which an object (i.e., doll) is filmed while being moved ever so slightly, and is seen as a moving object when the films are screened successively. The program is gaining in popularity as a course for teaching children and teenagers about their potential future careers. It is so popular that people are visiting the Seoul Animation Center not only from nearby Incheon and Bundang in Gyeonggi-do but they are also coming from distant locations such as Chungcheongnam-do and Busan. Additionally, foreign students of foreign schools in and around Seoul, and foreign tourists are also signing up to participate in the program as groups. Thus, a growing number of foreigners are taking part in the program, which is a rarity. The Special Animation Exhibition is offered free of charge at the exhibition hall in the Seoul Animation Center to allow visitors to learn about the animation production processes in Korea and Japan. Comics House, is an archive of cultural contents where books and films are displayed. It is another facility that is also highly sought after by visitors throughout the year.
e-stars Seoul 2011, the worlds best digital cultural festival where gamers from around the world can enjoy games together with 10 million Seoul citizens, will make its grand opening in the D Hall on the 3rd floor of the COEX exhibition center in Samseong-dong from August 19 to 21. Gamers from around the world will come and enjoy e-stars Seoul 2011, a global digital cultural festival, together. The event has been held since 2007 to promote domestic game industries and to vitalize e-sports. Marking the fifth event this year, the event is a venue of harmony and unity among gamers from around the world. In the e-Sports Tournament Zone, competitions will take place in the categories of: Counter Strike 1.6 (Valve), an international competition Special Force (Dragon Fly), a domestic competition Soldier of Fortune Payback (CJ E&M) and GetAmped (WindySoft).Also, the 1080 Family Game Festival will allow three generations of a family to have fun together, and it will create a venue for making good memories during this summer vacation. The e-Party will allow the participants to enjoy various games, including new releases and new updates, and will hold as a LAN Party program that many people can enjoy together. Six organizations, including the Media Center, the Counseling Assistance Center, and the I will Center, which are all under the umbrella of the Seoul Metropolitan Government, will participate in the event to offer exciting experience programs, and thus induce the public to create a sound game culture. The preliminary round for the Seoul region of the Third Korea e-Sports Games (KeG) will also take place to select the best amateur gamers in Korea. The preliminary round for the Seoul region of KeG will hold from August 19 to 21 in the categories of: A.V.A, FIFA Online 2, Special Force, Slugger, and Karma.Hosted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and Joongang Ilbo, and organized by the Seoul Business Agency and Joongang Culture Media, e-stars Seoul 2011 will open at 10 am. For more information, please visit e-stars Seoul 2011 website at: www.estarsseoul.org  Inquires about the event: Oh Yeong-hui, Director of the Cultural Industry Division, Seoul Metropolitan Government T. +82-2-2171-2441 / yh502@seoul.go.krSBA Animation Center: Seong Seung-gyu T. +82-2-3455-8362 / ssk88@sba.seoul.krJoongang Culture Media: Yang Seon-il T. +82-2-2000-6397 / randia1@joongang.co.krScene of e-stars Seoul 2010
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is conducting the Rainbow Smile program, a customized home music education program, to allow multicultural families to address the double issues of cultural differences and difficulties in raising their children with disabilities, and to instill the families with an emotional balance and sense of solidarity between family members through music. Rainbow Smile, a program for supporting happiness of multicultural families with handicapped children, is conducting a course for teaching family members how to play musical instrument as part of family music activities. The program also offers family counseling to allow multicultural families to understand their special family relationships and their childrens disabilities and to be able to accept such conditions. The families held a presentation session, in which they displayed skills that they learned over the past four months, at a family music camp that was conducted during July 29  30. They will also participate in the Family Music Night event in November. In the wake of Chuseok, Koreas major traditional holiday, the citys government will hold Sweet Journey, Banana (Journey to meet my daughter overseas), in which parents of foreign wives in families with handicapped children are invited to Korea to meet their daughters, during September. For more information on the program for multicultural families with handicapped children, please contact the Seoul Society for Rehabilitation of Persons with Disabilities at +82-2-2637-4161.
Twenty civil servants from nine cities in eight different countries, including China, Brazil, Hungary, and Senegal, will receive their Masters in City Administration, in Seoul.In a bid to export Seouls advanced public administration and to spread its policy to cities worldwide the Seoul Metropolitan Government has been operating the Masters Course on City Administration, by recruiting civil servants in developing countries since 2008. Thus far, the course has produced 56 graduates from 37 cities through its three classes.The commencement ceremony for Class 3 students, who completed their 13-month course and who are set to prepare for the dissertations, and the entrance ceremony for Class 4 students will take place at the International Building in Korea University at 10 am on August 17. The Class 3 students, who will attend the commencement ceremony, came to Seoul in August last year, and took classes on Seouls tourism marketing, e-government, Shift, or rental homes for the working class, and Transportation policy at the Graduate School of Policy Studies at Korea University for 13 months. They will return to their countries, and write dissertations on a comparative study of Seoul and their cities over the next 12 months, and get a final review of their theses in August next year. Meanwhile, 30 candidates from 18 cities in 15 countries worldwide, including those in Asia, the Americas, Europe, and Africa, applied for Class 4, which will start in September. Eighteen students from 14 cities in 12 countries, including Warszawa (Poland), Minsk (Belarus), Tashkent (Uzbekistan) and Islamabad (Pakistan), have been admitted, and will take the course. Notably, starting from the Class 4, the course will reinforce programs on Seouls industry, culture, and tourism, as well as theory on city administration, and thus promote the image of Seoul as an economic and cultural city.
The 2011 Seoul International Food Service Industry Expo(Website: http://expo.ekra.or.kr) a festival of foods and eateries that is supported by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and hosted by the Korean Restaurant Association, will take place at the COEX exhibition center in Samseong-dong during August 18  21. The largest of its kind in Korea, this four-day expo will showcase an overview of the latest trends in the food service industry and current situations of the restaurant sector. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has stated that under the theme of Smart Food, this event will provide the participants with a chance to look into the future of the food service industry in Korea. The expo, which marks the fourth annual event since the inaugural event in 2006, changed the venue from the aT Center in Yangjae-dong to the COEX exhibition center in Samseong-dong, which is a hub for the shopping culture, thus significantly improving the general publics accessibility to the expo.The expo will be comprised of various exhibition pavilions, including the Food Trust (advanced food culture PR pavilion), and u-Food (customized food) PR pavilions. It will serve as a food festival venue that is enjoyable to anyone, including people from the food service industry, citizens, and tourists alike. Additionally, Global KOREA (pavilion for the globalization of Korean food) will hold various food-sampling events for foreigners. Translators who are proficient in English will also be deployed, and will give friendly briefings on Korean cuisine to visitors.
Seoul Mayor, Oh Se-hoon, presented appreciation plaques to five Thai people, including the director, actor and actress, and the production company chief, who produced the Thai movie, Hello Stranger, which helped Seoul attract tourists from Thailand. The award ceremony took place in the Senior Staffs Conference Room on the 7th floor of Seoul City Hall Annex at 2 pm on August 16. Mayor Oh said he awarded the plaques to them for their major contributions towards boosting Seouls tourism industry, as Hello Stranger helped Seoul promote its beauty to the Southeast Asian region, thus raising the number of Thai tourists visiting the city to 240,000, which was up 40% from last year. Hello Stranger, is a romantic comedy, in which a Thai man and woman accidently meet each other in Seoul during their visit to Korea and fall in love. In the wake of the movies phenomenal success, a Seoul Tour product was developed to allow tourists to visit Deoksugung Palace, Namsan, and Myeong-dong, the background sites of the films. More than 3,000 Thai tourists visited Seoul through this project alone last year. Also in attendance at the award ceremony were more than 20 Thai media people, including 13 from the filming teams of Thai national TVs three programs, Sisterday, Wake Club, and Movie trip, who were all visiting Korea to film special shows, and seven reporters from seven media organizations, including the Bangkok Post Newspaper. They introduced the awarding of appreciation plaques to these five Thai people. Meanwhile, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is proactively providing support for filming in Seoul. This includes granting permission for filming in public places for movies and TV dramas that are filmed in the city, and assistance with filming at locations, including the free rental of equipment and materials, road closure, and airborne filming using firefighting helicopters.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government conducted a tour program for managers from tour agencies, and for the staff members in charge of managing overseas business trips and travel from global companies in New York, (USA) and offered them a chance to experience the history and culture of Seoul on August 12.The visit was arranged from August 10 to 12 at the invitation of Korean Air, and included schedules such as visits to Seouls hotspots.The Seoul Metropolitan Government expects the experience program will promote Seouls beauty and values as a tourist designation to the foreign tourist agencies and staff in charge of corporate travel. This will then allow the city to secure the demand of tourists for visits to Seoul as the final destination of their travels and trips, while enabling those agencies and firms to recommend Seoul as the destination of choice for vacation and corporate leave that are given as incentives to staff.Notably, the experience tour course was especially composed of hotspots and attractions where visitors can tour the traditional culture and history of Korea, rather than the modern facilities that are popular with tourists from neighboring countries such as Japan and China, in order to enable Western tourists to appreciate the beauty of Korea.The participants departed from Seoul Plaza at 9 am on August 12, and toured Changdeokgung (Palace), which was registered as a UNESCO World Heritage in 1997 and Samcheong-dong and Insa-dong, which are the flagship streets of the Korean capital. In the afternoon, they viewed a Samullori (percussion of four drums) performance at the Yoon Familys traditional Korean housing at Namsan Hanok Village, before appreciating Seouls modern images and natural beauty at the citys landmark of N Seoul Tower on the peak of Namsan (Mountain).The culture experience program brought together representatives from 24 companies in New York, including major tour agencies, including Travelong, Tzell Travel, AMEX Carlson Wagonlit, and AMEX-United Nations, and global enterprises such as Polo Ralph Lauren.Scenes from the Seoul cultural experience
The Traditional Arts & Crafts Studio at Seoul Folk Flea Market will operate experience programs that allow visitors to experience the traditional culture of Korea for free of charge all year round.The facility is gaining popularity as a new hotspot in the Seoul Folk Flea Market, where anyone from Korea and abroad can have the chance to create traditional artifacts in person, and experience the characteristics and traditions that are unique to Korea.In the wake of summer vacation for a limited time through August the studio will offer special events, including bamboo water gun making, hanji (traditional Korean paper) artwork, pounding to make rice cakes, and juryeonggu (14-sided dice) making experiences, which will be highly popular among children.On top of existing experience events, the studio will also offer new experience programs under various themes by the month, which will likely be highly sought after among visitors.The monthly experience programs, which will continue through December, include bamboo record making in August, hanji parasol making in September, kite making in October, pungdeung  (wind lantern) decoration in November, and top making in December.How to participate in the program: Individuals: Individuals can visit the traditional culture experience studio for other regions sign up and participate on the same day Group: advance phone reservation (two weeks in advance) Inquires on registration: T. 82+2-2132-4037 / Email: jyjeong@seoulwelcome.comPlease refer to the blog to learn about Saturday programs, and special programs, including pottery making.(http://blog.naver.com/pmmarket)
Forty foreign students studying in Korea from 15 countries, including the U.S., Russia, and Singapore, completed a five-week internship program at the Seoul Metropolitan Government during their summer vacation, and attended a completion ceremony on August 12.The Seoul Metropolitan Government became the first among Korean government agencies to offer foreign students living in Seoul internships during summer and winter vacations in 2008, and has been running the course ever since then.Foreign student interns who were selected through screening, with a competitive ratio of four to one, were deployed at divisions and subsidiary organizations of the Seoul Metropolitan Government, which are widely engaged in exchange with foreign cities. They were deployed according to their nationalities, university majors, and areas of interest for five weeks from July 11. They collected examples and cases in foreign countries and conducted diverse types of work to help address the inconveniences that foreign residents must face.The completion ceremony for the global interns took place in the main conference hall on the 13th floor of Seoul City Hall Seosomun Building at 3 pm on August 12. The event consists of the awarding of the certificates of completion, a video presentation showcasing their activities, students speeches on their internship experience, and dialogue with Seoul Metropolitan Government officials.The Seoul Metropolitan Governments Global Internship has produced a total of 178 students from 37 countries through its previous six courses. The 40 students who finished the 7th internship course bring the total number of next-generation global leaders who have experienced Seouls city administration to 218.
Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold a bell ringing event to commemorate the 66th Liberation Day at noon on August 15 at the Bosingak Belfry in Jongno-gu.The event will be held under the theme Global Top 5, Seoul with the awareness of remembering the voices of glory from Koreas liberation 66 years ago, and thus reestablishing the invincible spirit of the Korean people and using this to strengthen the nation.Participating in the bell ringing event will be 12 people including Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon, Hu Kwang-tai, Chairman of the Seoul Metropolitan Council, and Kim Yeong-jong, chief of Jongno-gu office, as well as Seoul citizens, who were chosen for this years event. They will form three groups of four members, and ring the bell 11 times each for a total of 33.Beginning at 11:40 am prior to the bell ringing, Mapo wards choir will sing the chorus songs Liberation Day Song, Gyeongbokgung Taryeong (traditional Korean ballad), Beautiful Country, and New Baennorae (Ferry ride song). Notably, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has prepared a program to allow 40 citizens recruited via the internet to take tours to historic sites, including introductory visits to some relics from the initial Korean government, commemorate Liberation Day, and pay respect to the noble spirits of patriots and independence fighters. History of Bosingak bell ringing The Joseon Dynasty would ring the Bosingak Bell to open en mass the four main gates (Sungnyemun (Gate), Heunginjimun (Gate), Sukjeongmun (Gate), and Donuimun (Gate)) and the four small gates (Hyehwamun (Gate), Sodeokmun (Gate), Gwanghuimun (Gate) and Changuimun (Gate)) in the capital city since early in the dynasty, or the fifth year of the King Taejo (1396). They would call the early morning bell ringing early Paru and the evening bell ringing Injeong.Paru: bell ringing 33 times (early in the morning)The bell is rung 33 times at around 4 am to lift the daily curfew, and signal the start of activities on any given day by opening the eight gates in the capital. Ringing the bell 33 times derives from Buddhist tradition, in which Avalokitesvara (Gwan Yin) transformed into 33 skies of alter egos to save the common people, therefore the bell will be rung 33 times accordingly.Injeong: bell ringing 28 times (evening)The bell was rung 28 times at around 10 pm to announce curfew, causing the closure en masse of the gates in the capital. During ancient times, it was rung 28 times in line with the collective number of stars in all sections, based on the dividing of stars in the sky into four gungs (sections), namely east, west, south and north, and again splitting each gung into seven more.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will conduct a campaign to promote Seoul to local residents and foreign visitors at the 21st Qingdao International Beer Festival with the concept Do You Know Seoul? using a variety of information about the Korean capital. Seoul is the only participant that is participating as a city in the event, which will take place in Qingdao, China from August 13 to 16.Among other various high-profile events worldwide, Seoul took part in the Shanghai World Expo last year, and successfully operated the Seoul PR booth.The Citys participation in this years Qingdao Beer Festival is significant in that it is now expanding its Chinese marketing campaign. It has focused on eastern China, including Shanghai and Hangzhou, starting with the Expo 2010 Shanghai China as the turning point, and now includes northern China, including Shandong Province, Hubei Province, Beijing, and Tianjin.The Seoul Metropolitan Government will open a promotional booth at the International Beer Pavilion, the main venue of the beer festival, and will present various items for visitors to see and enjoy, including a 3D Seoul PR video, traditional Korean games, flagship cultural performances of Seoul, and a Photo Zone with images of Hallyu stars.The 3D movie comes with a storyline about Seoul that showcases the City as a place where tradition and modernity coexists, and looks into its future in order to allow visitors to experience the Korean capitals present and future with a quick and animated view, thus maximizing the publicity effect. Accordingly, the video features the Citys major hotspots, including Namsan, Gwanghwamun, Gyeongbokgung, Dongdaemun, Floating Island and Hangang (River), Sangam-dong Digital Media City, and World Cup Park.The City will also operate an experiential corner featuring tuho (arrow drawing game) and jegichagi (Korean shuttlecock kicking game), which are popular Korean traditional games that foreigners can easily enjoy, and a Photo Zone featuring images of Kim Hyun-joong and Han Ji-min.The City will also present a non-verbal performance, SACHOOM (Dance If You Love), at the festivals main stage on August 15 and 16 to offer a venue of cultural exchange.Meanwhile, the Seoul Metropolitan Governments promotional activities at the Qingdao Beer Festival will be webcast via the Citys foreign language websites, Facebook and YouTube.
The Idea & Imagination Experience Exhibition 2011 will take place at Dongdaemun History & Culture Park from August 12 to September 18. It is an international scale exhibition of creativity and emotion, which enables audience members to discover their talent and self-confidence on their own through the process of play  discovery  imagination, while the members tangibly and experientially learn with more than 200 pieces of experience materials designed and produced by over 40 designers from 14 countries, including the U.K., France, Italy, the U.S. and South Africa.During the exhibition period, the exhibition will run Design Expedition programs with educators, who will escort visitors from the entrance and help them touch and feel exhibits for experiencing and expressing what they feel. These programs will take place at 1 pm, 4 pm, and 7 pm every day. Hence, the event will provide children and teenagers on summer vacation, along with their families, an ideal opportunity for an outing to experience designs.At a corner of the exhibition venue is a shop, wherein visitors can appreciate and purchase the artwork of designers that is beautifully designed with creative imagination and expression about issues in daily living. On display and for sale at the shop will be design stationary products, living goods, eco-friendly products, design tag products and Haechi, the Seoul symbol.DDT Design Store will exhibit and sell designers design products that differentiate themselves from other products, lay the foundation for cultivating next-generation designers, and introduce new designs to Seoulites. Admission is free for the exhibition on a first come, first serve basis. To offer visitors a safe and pleasant experience, the number of audience members viewing the exhibition at any given time will be limited to 100. The Design Expedition program with educators will take advance reservations for up to 50 people per event via the official blog of exhibitions at (http://blog.naver.com/2011sangsang). Inquires about the program+82-2-720-7997 Institute of Design Education (operate programs)+82-2-2266-7077 General information office of Dongdaemun History & Culture ParkPhotos of DDP Design Store products 
Major news organizations worldwide, including CNN, The New York Times, and The Washington Post of the U.S., The Sankei Shimbun and Nishi Nippon Shimbun of Japan, and Trends Media Group and Xinhua News Agency, and Guangzhou Daily of China are paying attention to Seoul. So, what are Seouls attractions that are enticing people from around the world?The Seoul Metropolitan Government will conduct a Survey of Seouls attractions that have been singled out by Seoulites and foreigners via online channels, including the Seoul Metropolitan Governments website during August 10  24. The survey is designed to the discover attractions of the Korean capital as viewed from the diverse perspectives of Seoulites (Korean nationals) and foreigners, develop them into tourism resources, and use the related contents in global marketing campaigns for the city.Seoulites can participate in the survey by visiting the city governments website (www.seoul.go.kr), or mobile smartphone portal (m.seoul.go.kr), or by dialing 02+ wireless internet keys (Nate, SHOW, ez-i) when using their mobile phone to respond. Foreigners can take part in the survey via the city governments four language websites (English, simplified Chinese, traditional Chinese, and Japanese).The survey of foreigners will be conducted by using a global network of foreigners who have participated in Seoul Metropolitan Citys administration over the past years, coupled with emails.Based on the results of the survey, the citys government will provide real time items that are suitable for marketing and that may attract attention from major international media outlets in setting and implementing a strategy to effectively promote the image of Seoul as an attractive global city. The City Government will also present various contents and images under the theme of Seouls Attractions via SNS channels such as Facebook, blogs, and YouTube on a regular basis.Meanwhile, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has continuously discovered and developed contents for marketing the city by keeping in line with the slogan, Infinitely yours, Seoul, and has staged strategic overseas marketing campaigns for targeting the entire world.Through these efforts, the citys government has introduced elements and items that are unique to Seoul, including the coexistence of tradition and modernity, advanced IT technology, natural environments (including Hangang River and Namsan Mountain), and culture and policy. As a result, for three consecutive years Seoul has been picked as the city that Asian tourists want to visit the most.
Marking the 66th anniversary of Koreas Liberation Day, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold a 2011 National Flower Mugunghwa (Rose of Sharon) Festival at Seodaemun Independence Park from August 8 to 15 in collaboration with Korea Forest Service, Korea Forest Research Institute, and Mugung Nara, a local civic group.The Seoul Metropolitan Government participated in the 21st Nationwide Contest of National Flower Mugunghwa, hosted by the Korea Forestry Service, and was picked as one of the four host cities (Seoul, Wanju, Siheung, and Hongcheon).This years festival will take place in order to accurately introduce mugunghwa as Koreas national flower to citizens and position it as a beloved national symbol in daily living. The festival will feature diverse events and activities, including exhibitions of blooming mugunghwa and potted mugunghwa varieties, exhibitions of artwork, including mugunghwa photos, poems, and paintings, and events for citizens participation, and experience events.During the festival period, a total of 2,500 blooming mugunghwa flowers and potted mugunghwa plants will be exhibited. The exhibitions will consist of a blooming mugunghwa exhibition and special exhibition of mugunghwa breeds. Various experience-focused events and auxiliary events will also take place from August 13 to 15 for citizens to participate in and enjoy.Experience events include mugunghwa dying experience, mugunghwa clay art, mugunghwa flower press, face painting, and mugunghwa ice sculpturing. In an auxiliary event, organizers will cook rice cakes and beverages with mugunghwa flowers that citizens collect by themselves and hand them out to participants. Images of the 2010 Seoul Mugunghwa Festival
The Seoul Metropolitan Government posted USD 1.81 billion of reported foreign direct investment (FDI) into the City in this years first half, up 116 percent year on year.The gains stem from an increase of investments from all regions, namely, the Americas, Europe and Asia. Also the growth in service sector investment, which accounts for more than 90 percent of all foreign direct investment, spearheaded the overall growth in FDI, according to the City Government.The Seoul Metropolitan Government says FDI figures continued to increase despite the earthquake in Japan and financial crises in the U.S. and Europe, due to stable expansion of the Korean economy and constant efforts to improve the investment environment.Industrial sectors, and particularly FDI in the service sector, which accounts for over 90 percent of all investment into the City, amounted to USD 1.69 billion, up 117.5 percent from USD 777 million, posted in the same period of last year.By region, FDI from the Americas jumped 371.6 percent year on year to hit USD 736 million while Asia gained 41.9 percent to reach USD 576 million and Europe gained 125.8 percent to total USD 736 million, reflecting that figures from all three regions increased.By investment type, additional investment by existing foreign investment firms has continued to grow this year again after last year to account for 63.5 percent of the total FDI volume. New investment and long-term loans took up 35.8 percent and 0.7 percent, respectively. Notably, Greenfield investment jumped 189.5 percent to hit USD 1.184 billion while M&A type investment gained 45.7 percent to reach USD 625 million.The Seoul Metropolitan Government will seek to attract regional headquarters and R&D centers of global enterprises and expand incentives in order to continuously increase FDI. The City Government also plans to conduct investor road-shows in Korea and elsewhere, catering to respective industries and countries.Additionally, the City Government plans to make onsite visits to more than 7,500 foreign invested companies to discover the difficulties in investment and employment they face and to step up efforts to improve and remove unjustifiable regulations in collaboration with related organizations, including the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government opened anew, on August 5, the Seoul Global Culture & Tourism Center after supporting various programs at the center. The center provides foreign visitors and foreigners living in the city with diverse information on city tours and with chances to experience Korean culture.The Seoul Global Culture & Tourism Center has expanded the hanbok (Korean costume) experience hall, which is the most popular with foreigners out of all the various programs that the center has to offer. The hall is now equipped with diverse varieties of hanbok, including yongpo (formal suits)  that were worn by the king, and dangui (casual style) that were worn by the women of the royal family. It also provides foreigners with chances to experience diverse forms of Korean costumes.The center also sells traditional teas and hangwa (traditional Korean cookies) at low prices. Hence, both Korean nationals and foreigners, who want to relax and who would like to taste the traditional flavor of Korea, can visit, try, and enjoy without feeling any financial burden.The center operates traditional culture experience programs, in which different items and events are presented daily. It offers programs for mask and golden crown making on Mondays, folk painting on Thursdays, and hanji (traditional Korean paper) crafting on Fridays, free of charge.The courses are offered twice daily at 3 and 5 pm on Mondays, Thursdays, and Fridays. Foreigners interested in participating in the courses are expected to arrive at the center on time.For inquiries about the courses, please visit the center in person, call, or visit the website.Haechi Hall, a performance hall in the center, will present diverse cultural performances, including Seoul Tango Kiss & Money, and the childrens English musical Cloud Bread in playground, through December.Tour guides who are proficient in English, Chinese, and Japanese are always on duty at the Seoul Global Culture & Tourism Center to provide various tourism information services to visitors. Seoul Global Culture & Tourism Center Website: www.seoultourism.kr Phone: +82-2-3789-7961-3 Address: M Plaza Floor 5, 31-1, Myeong-dong 2(i)-ga, Jung-gu, Seoul
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has revamped its websites, which are in four languages, namely English, Chinese (simplified and traditional) and Japanese. The Governments websites provide diverse contents on experience activities, including tours, culture, food, and shopping in Seoul. The Government has been hosting these websites for two years and six months, since 2009, to provide distinguished design and menu structures. On August 8 the Government will introduce these upgraded websites, which will allow for much faster loading. Prior to the revamping of its websites, the Seoul Metropolitan Government conducted a survey of about 100 native people from each language area, namely English, Chinese, and Japanese. The Government analyzed and secured the Seoul information and designs that were preferred by people in their respective language regions through an analysis of contents and users. The Government has also put into place a system that allows users to see updated contents on the website in real time when new contents are loaded on SNS promotional channels by linking these sites with its foreign language promotion channels such as Facebook and blogs. Also, the loading speed, which was slow when accessing the sites in foreign countries, has been significantly improved. To accelerate loading speed, the Government boldly introduced the CDN (Contents Delivery Network), and has thus sped up the loading speed from 22 seconds to 6.7 seconds in the U.S., 27 seconds to 11 seconds in China, and 6 seconds to 3.7 seconds in Japan, enabling users to view contents the moment they click on them. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has also completed its search engine optimization service, which causes search results on Seoul to appear high in the listings when a user types in words related to Seoul on world leading portal sites, such as Google, Yahoo, Bing, and Baidu. The revamped foreign language websites can be accessed via QR codes as well. The Government expects that the reshuffled websites that cater to the characteristics of different languages will enable web users of the respective languages to acquire diverse information on Seoul easily and conveniently, and will allow the city to conduct targeted marketing campaigns, in which the Government can figure out foreigners needs and proactively highlight contents that will be useful to them. 
Thailand, the center of Hallyu or the Korean Wave in Southeast Asia, heated up with Hello Stranger, a movie with Seoul as the backdrop last year. Following the movies success, a Seoul tour product package was created, and more than 3,000 Thais visited Seoul through this tour that went just to movie filming locations, as the movie significantly affected the patterns of Thai peoples Seoul tours. The Seoul Metropolitan Government is set to provide support for the production of Thai TV programs by inviting actress Nuengthida Sophon to Seoul, the heroine in Hello Stranger, through the Korea Thailand Communication Center (KTCC), a co-production company of the movie.The citys government will support the filming of the following three programs in Seoul, Systerday, Wake club, and Movie trip, all of which are co-produced by KTCC and GMM Grammy, a large entertainer management and production firm in Thailand. The programs will be primarily aired on Thailands five national TV channels during prime times on the weekend.By supporting the production of these programs, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will introduce Seouls new tourism hotspots, and help them develop into tourism products. By launching Star marketing campaigns, which are banking on Thais top entertainer, who has enjoyed instant stardom through the success of the movie, the citys government expects that it will introduce the Korean capital to the Thai people in a more friendly fashion.Apart from these production and broadcast firms, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will also invite reporters from the famous travel magazine, Travel Around World, and from major dailies in Thailand, including The Bangkok Post, Krungthep Thurakij, and Post Today, Komchadluek, and will guide these reporters to write feature stories on Seoul.Meanwhile, after special shows on Seoul and news reports promoting Seoul tourism are played and published in Thailand, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will proactively support the introduction of new Seoul tour products. In this years second half, the citys government will conduct Seoul Tour Experience Group events via a website that uses a map to introduce the sites where the movie and TV programs are filmed, and also via a popular social media service channel in Thailand. Going beyond the simple promotion of Seoul, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to be practical in its approach to attracting tourists to the city by implementing systematic plans and thus generating a new form of Hallyu tourism.
More than 5,700 people engaged in the finance and insurance industries in the Greater China region will visit Seoul to attend the International Dragon Award (IDA), which will take place at COEX from August 4-7. Also, more than 2,000 staff members from AIA Insurance Thailand will come to the Korean capital to participate in an annual conference from September 8-12. IDA is an annual event hosted by the World Chinese Insurers Association. The event brings ethnic Chinese people, who are engaged in the insurance industry, together from all around the world. The Seoul event is notable because it will be the largest ever scale international event for people of greater China, and it is the second event that will be held in a country outside of the Greater China region, after Thailand. The convention will take place at the COEX exhibition center for four days. The event will be comprised of an award ceremony, an opening ceremony, a presentation of success cases, education sessions, subcommittee meetings, special lectures, and a closing ceremony. Additionally, a tour program that will allow visitors to experience Seoul at night, and tours to Seoul and Jeju will be conducted before, during, and after the event. Also, the annual meeting of AIA Insurance Thailand, which will take place during September 8-12, is a corporate conference that will be held as an incentive for sales agents who have achieved the annual sales goals set by the company. Seoul, which expressed strong commitment to hosting the conference last year, was picked as the host city last year, beating out Singapore and Sydney. Meanwhile, the corporate conference market in China, which is witnessing a robust economic growth and booming international exchange in recent years, is emerging as a global Blue Ocean market. Thus, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has been revising incentive programs and participating in related overseas fairs since 2010 in a steadfast effort to attract conferences to Seoul. As a result, a total of 28 corporate conferences, including Nu Skin China, will take place in Seoul this year, bringing in a total of 1,624 business tourists from China. In tune with the growth of corporate conferences for ethnic Chinese and the Greater China region, the number of Chinese tourists who have visited Korea during this years first half, jumped 14% to hit 919,937. The Seoul Metropolitan Government is proactively staging onsite promotional activities, including tourism fairs and trade shows, in the Chinese and Southeast Asian regions. The citys government is also expanding its marketing campaigns by using local online media, including Facebook and YouTube. *Contact: Tourism Division, Culture, Design & Tourism Headquarters (+82-2-2171-2463, +82-2-2171-2453)
Tourists who seek to visit Recommended Korean Restaurants in Seoul, which are traditional Korean restaurants that are representative in the city, can now find an updated e-book to find these restaurants at Seouls flagship tour site, i Tour Seoul (www.visitseoul.net), and food safety information portal (fsi.seoul.go.kr).People can also find Recommended Korean Restaurants in Seoul in their e-book via the smartphone application i Tour Seoul (for iPhone and Android phones as well). The Seoul Metropolitan Government has decided to create an e-book, and reinforce their online promotion in an effort to better cater to the needs of foreign visitors and Korean nationals, who seek information on upscale Korean restaurants amidst the current hallyu, or the Korean Wave, which includes K-pop and dramas. The citys government will also compile information on  Recommended Korean Restaurants by late August to enable people to conveniently search for information on internet portal sites. The citys government will also make it possible for people to search for Recommended Korean Restaurants with key words such as Dining or restaurants on internet portal sites for a certain period of time, to allow not only Korean nationals but foreigners who seek to visit Korea to easily find related information.How to search on the website1. Visit i Tour Seoul(www.visitseoul.net), and click Dining 2. Click on Recommended Korean Restaurants at Dining 
Two students from elementary and middle schools in Seoul have won the Foreign Ministers Prize and the Education and Science Ministers Prize at an environmental poster contest hosted by the Earth Childrens Club in Tokyo, Japan. The Seoul Metropolitan Government was honored with prizes for the two pieces, which were chosen from among the 155 submissions (112 from elementary students and 43 from middle and high school students) that were submitted last March. The contest, which marks the 15th annual event this year, selects prizewinners from among the posters that were created under the theme of 3R (Reduce+Reuse+Recycle). Prize winners have been selected from among students from four countries in Asia, namely Japan, Korea, China, and Russia, and the contest itself provides a venue for international exchange through a contest and award ceremony.Cho Yun-gi, a sixth grader at Wolchon Elementary School, and Park Ye-hun, a third grader at Bonghwa Middle School, won the Foreign Ministers Prize and the Education and Science Ministers Prize in this years competition. The students will visit Tokyo on August 2, 2011 to attend the award ceremony, which will take place on August 4, 2011. Cho Yun-gi said, I have always had a keen interest in the earths environment, and I was very impressed with the opportunity to hold a debate on the environment with children from many foreign cities, adding, During my visit to Japan I will promote the beautiful city of Seoul, which values and protects the environment. Meanwhile, the contest receives submissions via the websites of various schools and the Seoul Metropolitan Government around March of each year.  Award winners 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will host the Hangang Love Leports Festival 2011, in which participants can enjoy, for free of charge, high-end aquatic leisure and sports at the Hangang, during August 13 and 14.Aquatic leisure sports experience programs will be extensively conducted at Ttukseom Hangang Park during August 13 to 14. The four-hour program will entail intensive training by professional trainers on wind surfing and dingy yachts to enable participants to adequately enjoy these activities on their own.Rafting, kayaking, banana-shaped boats, and motorboat rides are provided on a first come first serve basis, free of charge. The city government will recruit 1,584 people through an advance online application process. An additional number of participants can also take part in the programs through a first come, first serve basis at the site on the day of the event (30% to be selected at the site). Advance applications can be submitted at the festivals website (www.2011hangangfest.co.kr) from 10 a.m. on August 4. Various outdoor, on-water performances will be held at the Media Art Gallery in Banpo Hangang Park to allow people in family groups or as couples to enjoy and cool off from the hot summer nights without feeling a financial burden.A performance by the European Philharmonic Orchestra (conductor Gum Nan-se) will take place on August 13. A youth festival, featuring Spring, Summer, Fall, and Winter Rockn Roll & Twist Band O Brothers and Oksangdalbit (Moonlight of Rooftop) to sing Drama Pasta OST, will also be staged there on August 14.For more information on the event, please refer to the festivals website at (www.2011hangangfest.co.kr), or dial the festivals secretariat at (+82-2-594-4324).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is recruiting percussion groups from Korea and overseas through August 28 to participate in the Amateur Percussion Competition of the Seoul Drum Festival 2011, and will host the event in September. The international percussion competition will bring together amateur performing teams from not only Korea but also from around the world. Since hearing news of the event, seven or eight teams from China and Japan have already expressed their intention to participate by sending a string of inquiries. The contest invites performers of all different genres of percussion music, including traditional percussion, samulnori (percussion with four Korean drums), fusion percussion and western percussion. The preliminary contest will be held at Seoul Plaza on September 17 and 18, and the final round will take place at a special stage in Seoul Plaza on September 24. Amateur percussion bands affiliated with middle and high schools, and universities, and adult bands are eligible to participate, as long as they have four or more members. The contest will award prizes to 22 teams, including eight in the student category and 14 in the general category. The grand prize winner will receive prize money of up to 10 million won, and prizes from the Seoul Mayor and the Superintendent of the Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education. The top winner will also be given the chance to perform on the main stage at the 2012 event. Applications for the International Amateur Percussion Competition should be submitted to the Seoul Festival secretariat via email at (seouldrum99@naver.com), or by post by August 28. For further details on how to participate and submit an application, please refer to the Seoul Drum Festival website at (www.seouldrum.go.kr). For inquiries, please dial the Seoul Drum Festival 2011 Secretariat at (+82-2-757-2121)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government offered sixty adolescents  who are staying in Korea to participate in vocational training for youth from foreign sisterhood cities  a four-day study tour of industrial facilities and a series of cultural experiences from July 18 to 21. The foreign youngsters are learning advanced industrial technologies at the Seoul Metropolitan Governments vocational training institutes. To gain firsthand experience of the trends of Koreas dynamic economic development, they visited POSCO and Hyundai Motor Company, toured industrial complexes, and learned about the dynamic history of Koreas industrial development. Additionally, the trainees visited Bulguksa Temple and the Cheonmachong Tomb (Tomb of the Heavenly Horse) of the ancient Silla kingdom in Gyeongju, Haeundae in Busan, one of Koreas eight top attractions, and Jejudo Island, a candidate for the seven new Wonders of the World, giving them an opportunity to appreciate the genuine beauty of Korea. Trainees hailing from Bhutan and Mongolia, both inland countries, said they saw the ocean and went to beach for the first time in their life. The sixty adolescents were selected as participants of the vocational training program for youth from foreign sisterhood and friendship cities provided by the Seoul Metropolitan Government. They are currently undergoing training at the Seoul Vocational Training Institute and the Seoul Elim Vocational Training Institute, and will return to their respective home countries upon completing the training programs in December. Over the past four years the employment rate for trainees who have completed the training and returned to their countries amounts to 80 percent (70 percent of trainees land jobs in the fields of training and other related fields), while 15 percent of them have gone on to colleges and graduate schools. As such, training experience at the Seoul vocational institutions is said to be not only helping them land jobs but also providing them with new motivation for success. Introducing in details stories of foreign adolescents from their industrial study tours, the Seoul Metropolitan Government said the participants of the industrial training program will serve as civilian diplomats in the Seoul Metropolitan Governments urban diplomacy.
According to a survey on the use of the Seoul Global Migrant Centers run by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, in the first half of 2011 a total of 50,397 (or 34.8%) of all migrant workers in Seoul used the centers to receive such help as counseling, Korean language education and medical services.The Seoul Metropolitan Government reports that there has been an increase in the number of migrant workers using the service provided by it, apparently as a result of the opening of the center in Dangsan-dong in May 30, 2010, the provision of labor-related counseling, and the teams visits to workplaces in order to provide the service.Regarding the types of services most frequently used by migrant workers at the centers, cultural programs and community support (52.5%) topped the list, followed by Korean language education (31.0%), counseling (11.4%), computer use (3.1%), and medical services (2.0%).By country, the most frequent users of the centers are Chinese (26.3%), followed by Vietnamese (8.3%), ethnic Koreans from China (9.1%), Filipinos, (8.5%), Mongols (7.7%) and Africans and South Americans.By center, the center in Yeongdeungpo-gu appears to be used most by Mongols, the ones in Seongdong-gu and Eunpyeong-gu by Vietnamese, the one in Geumcheon-gu by Chinese, and the ones in Seongbuk-gu and Yangcheon-gu by Filipinos.The main types of counseling usually sought by migrant workers are as follows: counseling on labor-related issues (13.6%), including delays in wage payment immigration/international marriage issues (6.5%) mishaps/medical services (9.8%) educational programs (33.1%) and matters concerning everyday life (36.9%).Meanwhile, the Government plans to push ahead in the second half of the year with a program designed to help migrant workers integrate with their local communities and live a more stable life.The Government will also provide migrant workers with diverse programs, such as a startup school, Korean language education, counseling on daily life issues, and multi-cultural family programs, in collaboration with the Seoul Global Center (http://global.seoul.go.kr/, +82-2-2075-4130).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government selected a total of 50 teams in an open competition launched on June 15 to create scenarios for a walking tour of Seoul. On July 28, undergraduate students teamed with foreigners had a hands-on experience of a walking tour of Seoul based on the selected scenarios, after attending a ceremony held at 1: 30 PM at the Seoul Global Culture and Tourism Center.The 50 teams of undergraduates will serve as Seoul Tour Guides, explaining the walking tour courses selected through the open competition to foreign tourists and carrying their articles on the hands-on experience on blogs, in connection with the effort to publicize the walking tour courses.Since 2003, the Government has offered a walking tour program with interpretation in various places including Bukchon Hanok Villag to a total of 320,000 tourists.Those interested can submit an application to the Government via the Internet (dobo.visitseoul.net) or phone (+82-2-6925-0777) for the walking tour, which includes tourist guides who are selected and trained every year.Commenting on the program, a Seoul Metropolitan Government official said that it was developed to meet the high demand from young foreigners interested in the countrys culture, IT, ecological environment and information technology.
It appears that a total of 286 Seoul-related articles were carried by major press media the world over in the first half of 2011, which translates into 1.5 articles a day. These articles focused on Seouls hidden attractions and tourism sites and the lifestyle and cultural activities of Seoulites.The main areas of interest in Seoul differed depending on the region. The press media in Europe and North America appear to focus on such things as natural resources, foods and traditional cultures in Seoul and the lifestyle of Seoulites, while the Japanese press media appears to be interested in places that are little known among ordinary tourists or in things related to hallyu.Elsewhere, the press media in China and Southeast Asia appear to be interested in modern-day aspects of the city and famous shopping malls, whereas in Latin American and Africa, where Seoul remains relatively little known, the press media has started speaking highly of the environmentally-friendly attractiveness of the city.In terms of the type of press media carrying articles on Seoul, newspapers topped the list (117 articles / 41%), followed by online media (51 articles / 18%), news agencies (43 articles / 15%), magazines (33 articles / 12%), TV (32 articles / 11%), and radio (10 articles / 3%).Since 2008, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has made concerted efforts to publicize the city, including provision of the relevant materials, with the focus on tourism, cultural activities, arts and hallyu, rather than on relations between the two Koreas as in the past.
According to the Seoul Metropolitan Government a total of 110,000 people have used swimming pools in parks close to the Hangang River since their opening on July 1. The riverside parks are regarded as a pleasant environment for rest and relaxation for families. The pools, which are divided into pools for adults, youngsters and infants, provide a refreshing view of the Hangang River at reasonable rates.Visitors can choose the swimming pool or water fun facility that suits their needs, and have a great time near their homes without having to travel far.Rates for the swimming pools are 3,000 won (for children), 4,000 won (for teenagers), and 5,000 won (for adults). Rates for water fun facilities are 1,000 won (for children) 2,000(for teenagers) and 3,000 (for adults). Children aged 6 and under are admitted free of charge. The facilities are open every day until August 28, from 9:00 AM until 8:00 PM. Parking fees are discounted by 50% for users of the facilities. However, it is recommended that visitors use public transportation, as the parking lots are crowded.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to introduce some 30,000 electric vehicles (i.e. buses, taxes and cars) by 2014.On July 27, the Government announced the Electric Vehicle Master Plan 2014, a key element of its vision of joining the ranks of leading cities in the distribution of electric vehicles.Under the master plan, the Government will introduce a total of 30,000 electric vehicles (400 buses, 1,000 taxis and 28,600 cars), 10,000 electric motorcycles, and 8,000 power-recharging devices, as well as providing diverse incentives designed to encourage ordinary people to take part in the initiative.The Government plans to replace motorcycles and trucks used by home delivery services, which have been singled out as the main culprits behind noise and air pollution in residential areas, with electric-powered ones by stages.The number of motorcycles used by restaurants and newspaper delivery people is estimated to be 20,000. The aim of the project is to replace half of them by 2014 and the rest by 2016.To ensure the smooth operation of the electric vehicles, the relevant businesses will be made to provide power- recharging facilities for their electric buses and taxis. In addition, the Government plans to install more than 8,000 power recharging devices in public parking lots by 2014.The plan requires that it should be possible to recharge an electric vehicle within 5 minutes, using one of a total of 126 quick recharging devices to be installed in public facilities throughout the city by 2014.The Government expects that this plan will go a long way towards assisting the development of new growth business sectors and job creation, as well as reducing exhaust gas emissions and transportation costs.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the Center Stage 2011 Music Festival at N Seoul Tower at the top of Namsan for one month from July 23 to August 21. The festival is being held to present citizens fatigued by the hot summer weather with exciting music and special memories at N Seoul Tower, where they can enjoy panoramic nighttime views of the cityscape and cool off from the heat.Twenty-four bands from the Korean indie band community, including THeThE, POE, Ground Jam, Second Session, Mahogany King, and Loose Misty, will take part in this extravaganza of diverse forms of music. Performances will be staged for about two hours from 8 pm, but N Seoul Tower will extend the operating hours to midnight to allow citizens to conveniently enjoy the event. Admission to performance events is completely free during the festival. For further inquiries on the performers and the music festival, please refer to the N Seoul Tower website. (http://www.nseoultower.co.kr or contact Tel no. +82-2-2149-6965)
From August onwards, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to provide opportunities to power bloggers in the Greater China region and young people from Japan and Southeast Asia to enjoy Seoul according to various themes, including beauty, medical tourism, and traditional markets, and to promote these programs via the local media and the internet in the Greater China region, Japan and Southeast Asia. In order to continuously attract Chinese visitors, whose numbers have been surging lately, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will invite Chinese power bloggers in China and Korea, and hold a blog competition dubbed Sina Power Bloggers, Lets Fully Enjoy Seoul (blog.sina.com.cn/lm/z/hanguo) on three occasions from September to December. Additionally, the City Government will open an official Seoul channel at weibo, the Chinese counterpart of Twitter, and invite power bloggers. It will also hold Seouls Seven Seishun, a type of survival game event designed to enable young Japanese people to experience Seoul for nine days from August 1. In this event, which will be conducted in collaboration with Mnet Japan, a cable channel dedicated to hallyu contents, six young Japanese people will be charged with carrying out seven missions. The participants will also be given an opportunity to participate as special guests in Buzz Korea, Mnet Japans entertainment program. The participants experiences will be presented via Buzz Korea, which will be aired in Japan this autumn, as well as on Seouls official blog in Yahoo Japan, blog.yahoo.co.jp/hi_seoul_travel), and on the YouTube channel (www.youtube.com/hiseoul). In addition, a Seoul storytelling competition for web users in Southeast Asia, China, and Japan will receive submissions from August 1. Under the theme Creating a Seoul Tour of My Own, participants are requested to develop unique Seoul tour programs of their own and submit them via the internet. Those who are selected through screening will be given an opportunity to go on the tours of Seoul they themselves planned. Stories of the Seoul tours that are conducted as such will be published in the local media in the form of news coverage. The Seoul tour contest will be held for people in the Greater China region and Southeast Asia, including China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Singapore, Malaysia, and Indonesia, via Korea Star Daily (www.koreastardaily.com), an online hallyu culture forum in the Greater China region, as well as in Japan via Innolife (www.innolife.net), a hallyu medium in Japan. In order to boost hallyu in the Asian region, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to provide young Asians with an opportunity to experience Seoul, and thus create Seoul Viral marketers as part of its diverse measures for promoting Seoul as the hub of hallyu to a vast audience throughout Asia.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Korea Youth Association will hold the International Youth Campfest 2011 in Seoul, in which teenagers from Korea and overseas will camp out at Noeul Park and learn about the history and culture of Seoul for three days from July 27. The event will bring together some 6,000 Korean teenagers and 1,000 youngsters from ten countries worldwide. The participants will pitch tents by the Hangang River in Noeul Park in Seoul downtown, camp out, and forge friendships that overcome national borders and nationalities. The event will be held under the theme of Lets Draw a Green Island in the City. The participants will have a chance to experience outdoor camping, something which many of them may only have seen on TV entertainment shows. At the Campfest, the participants will embark on a journey into history and culture in Seouls downtown, and take part in various creative experience-focused activities. The Seoul Metropolitan Government expects the event will give the young people an opportunity to forget the burden of study for a short time and engage in experience programs and exciting outdoor activities, thereby helping them to grow into creative, self-motivated people ready to serve future society through exchanges with young people from all around the world.
Seoul Metro, the operator of Subway Lines 1-4, will participate in e-Stars Seoul 2011, Koreas largest game festival, by operating the interior of a specially-converted train on Subway Line 2 as a mobile 3D game zone for 28 days from July 25.Seoul Metro will operate a 3D Train installed with state-of-the-art IT infrastructure in the 3D field, and offer a new venue of experience to allow Seoul citizens fatigued by the hot summer weather to enjoy diverse 3D entertainments. Seats in the fourth car of the special 3D Train will be installed with devices designed to enable passengers to experience mobile 3D, including the latest model of smart-phone and diverse monitors. To make the 3D train instantly recognizable to Seoulites, both the interior and the exterior of the train have been installed with a wrapping advertisement. The train will run four times a day on weekdays and five times on Saturdays from 11 am to 5 pm between Seongsu Station and City Hall Station. Various sweepstake events will also be offered, and SD memory cards and fans will be given away to audience members via onsite events.
The Seoul Global Centers Damunhwa Hakdang (Multicultural Education Program), which teaches Korean to the mothers of multicultural families, and the mothers native languages to their children, produced 72 graduates on July 23. Under the program the Seoul Global Center has been providing multi-language education for both parents and children, including programs on parental education, arts and physical education, multicultural understanding and traditional cultures. Additionally, the school has taught fine art drawing and jazz dance to preschoolers according to the childrens level of development, and martial arts and science to school children. The program, which consisted of classes for twelve people (six parents and six students) in six language groups (Mongolian, Vietnamese, Chinese, Filipino, central Asian and Russian), was conducted at the Seoul Global Center in Taepyeong-ro on Saturdays for twelve weeks from April. A Seoul Metropolitan Government official said, The goals of the Multicultural Education Program are to ease the burden of education for parents of multicultural families and to help them settle smoothly into life in Seoul by providing education in diverse fields.* Seoul Global Center Website: http://global.seoul.go.kr/
A high-tech international medical center will open at Yeouido St. Marys Hospital to provide an instant hands-on medical service to international financiers in the Yeouido Financial District. Yeouido St. Marys Hospitals International Medical Center will deploy service counters, medical doctors and nurses exclusively for foreign patients, plus language coordinators who are proficient in English, Chinese, Japanese and Russian, to enable hospital visitors to receive a one-stop medical service without any inconvenience. The Seoul Metropolitan Government and Yeouido St. Marys Hospital exchanged a memorandum of understanding to improve the medical assistance service for foreign financiers, and agreed to expand mutual cooperation to improve the medical environment for foreign bankers and financial professionals in Yeouido. In line with the City Governments plan to create a financial hub in Yeouido, the hospital will expand its medical service for foreigners in phases, and inaugurate the International Medical Center in August 2012, in time for the opening of the Seoul International Financial Center (SIFC). Meanwhile, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is stepping up its efforts to enhance the quality of the international medical service by providing detailed information on clinics, hospitals, and pharmacists that can be used by foreigners 24 hours day, and a 24-hour translation assistance service in various languages (English, Japanese and Chinese) as part of the efforts to enhance the medical service for foreigners in Seoul. Currently, fourteen medical facilities provide services for foreigners in the City, including Seoul National University Hospital, Soonchunhyang University Hospital, Hanyang University Medical Center, Kyunghee Medical Center, Severance Hospital, Seoul St. Marys Hospital, Samsung Medical Center, Cha Medical Hospital, Seoul Natl Univ. Hospital Healthcare System Gangnam Center, Asan Medical Center, Migrant Workers Hospital, Chung-Ang University Hospital, Chung-Ang University Yongsan Center, and Konkuk University Hospital.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the General Assembly of the Seoul International Business Advisory Council (SIBAC), during which the City Government will seek advice from global CEOs on how to readjust its strategies to join the league of Global Top 5 cities, cultivate future growth engine industries that will assure the success of Seouls future, and create jobs. The meeting will take place at the Westin Chosun Seoul (Hotel) in Sogong-dong, Jung-gu, Seoul, on October 27. SIBAC, an economic policy advisory body for Seouls mayor, was established in 2001 to obtain comprehensive policy advice, including economic and investment matters, from global business leaders to expedite the development of Seoul City. The Council is a world-class assembly of economic gurus comprising 21 members and four advisors.The SIBAC General Assembly, which marks its 11th event this year, will be held under the theme of Defining Seouls Competitiveness as a Global City in a Dynamic World. The meeting will focus on discussions about the current situation of Seoul as an education and R&D center and medical hub, and on ways to advance them, thereby enabling the City Government to adopt them in the city administration. Notably, the General Assembly will introduce to SIBAC members the 2020 Smart Economic City, Seoul, the Governments first master plan in the field of economy aimed at achieving $40,000 in per-capita GRDP within 10 years, as announced recently by Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon. Dominic Barton, 50, Global Chairman of Mckinsey & Company, who has world-class professional knowledge and insight on Seoul, will deliver a keynote speech and give his views on the urban competitiveness of Seoul. Meanwhile, the City Government will recruit personnel for an organizing agency to organize the General Assembly by August 5. The City Government will evaluate proposals from vendors through its Proposal Assessment Committee, which will select a preferred negotiating partner and announce the successful vendor after negotiations in August. For further details, please visit the Seoul Metropolitan Governments Website at (www.seoul.go.kr), or dial the City Governments International Cooperation Division (+82-2-3707-9351, 9366).
The Open Leading Electric Vehicle & System, which debuted in March 2010, will begin running in earnest, after the completion of a test operation, at Seoul Grand Park.The Seoul Metropolitan Government will deploy three eco-friendly electric trams, which feature enhanced system stability and efficiency, on the conventional tram path in Seoul Grand Park, and begin regular operation of the new trams on July 19. The seven conventional elephant trams and three new electric elephant trams will now run on the 2.2 km-long route in the park. The new trams, which can carry up to 97 people each and run at 20~40 km per hour, will link the circular path of the General Information Center of Seoul Grand Park, the main gate to Seoul Zoo, and Seoul Land in the park.The Electric Elephant Tram is an eco-friendly electric vehicle that wirelessly recharges its batteries using the magnetic fields generated by special electric wires buried 5 cm under the path, and converts magnetic power into electricity for power.The Seoul Metropolitan Government expects that as the park continues to replace its conventional diesel-powered elephant trams with the new eco-friendly Elephant trams, it will significantly ease the inconvenience of citizens caused by emission and bad smell of the conventional tram.After introducing the electric elephant trams, the City Government plans to phase out all other vehicles operating at Seoul Grand Park and gradually replace them with electric passenger cars and electric motorbikes in a bid to upgrade the park into a hub for green cars, the future means of transportation.
The 15th Seoul International Cartoon and Animation Festival (SICAF 2011) will begin with the opening ceremony at the COEX Exhibition Center in Samseong-dong, Seoul on July 20. Hosted jointly by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and the SICAF Organizing Committee, SICAF is the largest event of its kind in Asia. SICAF, which will run for five days from July 20 to 24, consists of four categories: Exhibition of Cartoons and Animations Animated Film Festival International Digital Cartoon and SPP (Seoul Promotion Plan). The Exhibition of Cartoons and Animations, which is being held at COEX, has been organized to allow audience members to rediscover the charm of cartoons, and to enable people of all generations to experience and share consensus on cartoons, rather than simply enjoy and experience them, through new experiments that integrate cartoons with education. The International Digital Cartoon, the worlds only digital cartoon festival, comprises various experience-focused exhibits, including the open theater, QR code, and 4D riders, which will enable visitors to view cutting-edge 3D videos, as well as artworks by famous cartoonists from Korea and overseas, thereby presenting audience members with a whole new world of fun and excitement. The Animated Film Festival, one of the worlds top five animation film festivals, will present more than 300 films from Korea and around the world, including the opening work, Children Who Chase Lost Voices from Deep Below, Green Days, The Gruffalo, and Apollo. For more information on SICAF 2011, please visit the festivals website (http://www.sicaf.org), or dial the SICAF Organizing Committee at (+82-2-3455-8435). 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government finalized the design of the Hangeul Character Zone, which is being created at Sejongno Park by the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts, after a review by the Seoul Design Committee held on July 13. The Hangeul Character Zone is designed to provide citizens with a place for rest and relaxation, and to promote the scientific value and convenience of Korean alphabet to nationals and foreigners. The space will be created by installing rectangular stones inscribed with a total of 11,172 Korean alphabets that can be consisted of through combinations of choseong (19 initial syllables), jungseong (21 middle vowels), and jongseong (28 final syllables). Rather than incorporating special design features, the stones will feature characters composed of handwriting (calligraphy) written manually by 11,172 people from all walks of life, including nationals, ethnic Koreans from overseas, foreign residents in Korea, and people from multicultural families. In addition, the floor will be decorated with lattice-like forms resembling letters of the Korean alphabet such as , , , and . As a special practical feature, stones inscribed with Korean alphabet will be created to measure height that is convenient for people to seat in or lean on. The Hangeul Character Zone is slated for completion in October. Once completed, it is expected to serve as a space where citizens can relax and experience the excellence of Korean alphabet.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government hosted the 42nd Foreign Investment Advisory Council (FIAC) at Seoul Partners House in Yongsan-gu from 9 am on July 13. Fourteen business leaders including the CEOs of a number of world leading enterprises operating in Korea and the chiefs of foreign chambers of commerce in Korea gathered together to discuss the foreign investment environment in Seoul. In his suggestion that Seoul should be developed into one of the global Top Five Cities, Roland Villinger, Chairman of the FIAC (Chief of McKinsey & Company Seoul office), said, Seouls urban competitiveness, including its investment environment, has significantly improved over the past five years, noting that its urban infrastructure, cultural environment, R&D, corporate competitiveness and global reputation in particular had all improved dramatically. The FIAC meeting brought together a total of 24 people, including Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon, the CEOs of global companies such as Villinger, Eric Hoffman, vice chairman of AON Korea, and Simon Bureau, chairman of the Canadian Chamber of Commerce, as well as officials of the Seoul Metropolitan Government. The FIAC is an advisory group composed of the CEOs of foreign firms operating in Seoul and the chiefs of foreign chambers of commerce of different countries. In order to help invigorate foreign investment in Seoul, the group has been conducting diverse advisory activities aimed at improving the foreign investment environment in Seoul for the twelfth consecutive year since 1999. Recently, the FIAC has participated in investment information sessions in New York and London, promoting its investment environment and success stories and proactively engaging in activities to help develop the City. Since last year, the group has organized four specialized advisory committees for urban competitiveness, the living environment, green growth, and women.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will host the Hi-Seoul Walking Festival 2011, in which Korean and foreign residents are invited to participate, from September 3 ~ 4 in and around Seoul. The Hi-Seoul Walking Festival is designed to encompass natural and cultural attractions in Seoul. On September 3, about two thousand people will take part in the festival on two sections: the walkers will depart from Seoul Plaza and follow the Munhwa Tambang Course (13km), which takes in famous sites in Seoul including Gwanghwamun Square, Gyeongbokgung (Palace), Changdeokgung (Palace), Jongmyo (Royal Shrine), and Cheonggyecheon (Stream) while on the Seoul Seonggwak-gil (13km) walk, walkers can enjoy the pleasant atmosphere of early fall in Seoul. On September 4, about ten thousand Koreans and foreigners will participate in the Cheonggyecheon ~ Seoulsup-gil (12km). In particular, by ushering in Hangawi  (Chuseok  Korean Thanksgiving Day) with a lengthy stroll, it is hoped that this event will encourage people to think of their health as well as family harmony while on a walking tour of renowned attractions in Seoul. The walking festival is open to everyone including Seoul citizens, disabled people, foreigners, and children. Participation is free and applications can be made via the website. Seniors who do not have internet access can apply at the site only for the Cheonggyecheon ~ Seoulsup-gil on the 4th of September. For further details, please go to: www.hiseoulwalking.co.kr
The twenty-two foreign embassies which took part in the Seoul Friendship Fair 2011 raised proceeds from the events and donated 1,600 books for children from multicultural families. The festival took place around Seoul Plaza and Mugyo-dong from May 7 to 8. The Seoul Metropolitan Government held a book donation ceremony with the foreign embassies at the Multicultural Family Support Center in Yongsan-gu at 10 am on July 13. The 22 foreign embassies, including those of Greece, Chile, Algeria, and Russia, decided to donate a portion of the proceeds from the World Food Court and the Traditional Folk Art Exhibition to the national multicultural family support agency, which is entrusted by the Ministry of Gender Equality and Family. Accordingly, they donated 68 books each to 23 Multicultural Family Support Centers in Seoul, which are managed by the agency. The amount of the donation was not very large because foods were sold at affordable prices during the event. Nevertheless, a combined total of more than 7 million won was donated by the 22 embassies. The Seoul Friendship Fair, which marked its 16th event this year, took place under the theme of Meeting and Sharing of the World and Unity. The festival comprised diverse traditional performances by troupes from nine overseas cities twinned with Seoul, and participation by 58 embassies in the World Food Court, Traditional Folk Art Exhibition and other auxiliary events, drawing keen attention from citizens and foreign residents.
Forty-two foreign college students who are studying at colleges and universities in Seoul will work as interns at the Seoul Metropolitan Government for five weeks from July 11 (July 11 to August 12). Since 2008 the Seoul Metropolitan Government has been running an internship program for foreign students living in Seoul, the first such program among government agencies in Korea, during the summer and winter vacation periods. The City Government held an orientation session for this years intake at the Seoul Global Culture and Tourism Center in Myeong-dong on July 11. The forty-two students, citizens of 16 countries including Russia, Japan and Vietnam, will work at the City Governments main office, branches and subsidiary organizations, which are extensively engaged in the global work and foreign residential affairs of the City Government. Additionally, the interns will visit the sites of the Seoul Metropolitan Governments creative policies, including the Seoul Transport Operation and Information Service (TOPIS) and Hangang Renaissance, in what amounts to a great opportunity to acquire knowledge and know-how in the field. So far, 178 students from 37 countries have completed Classes 1 to 6 under the Seoul Metropolitan Governments Global Internship program. PHAM THI QUYNH HOA (female, 31) from Vietnam, who completed Internship Class 2, was hired as a Seoul Metropolitan Government employee, and has been working to help improve the living environment and convenience facilities at the Foreign Residents Assistant Division since July 1. Additionally, the Graduate School of Public Administration at Indiana University, USA began dispatching five students to the Seoul Metropolitan Government just ahead of their graduation every summer in 2010, enabling them to participate in a training course on city administration. The US university has introduced a scholarship program to support the five-week internship program, showing keen interest in the Seoul Metropolitan Governments creative city administration.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will expand the nighttime opening hours of Seouls major parks and their amenities during the summer months of July and August. Seoul Grand Park in Gwacheon will operate for extended nighttime hours, as will key amenities at major parks throughout Seoul City, including barbecue sites, baby carriage rental centers, and convenience shops and stalls, as well as various experience programs. Seoul Grand Park will be open for a further four hours, with the closing time delayed from 6 pm to 10 pm from July 16 to the end of August. The opening hours of the zoo, Elephant Tram, Sky Lift, four cafeterias, baby carriage rental center, and souvenir shops will also be extended. In addition, the park will offer customized nighttime programs, including Camping at the Zoo, a family-oriented camping program, and a nighttime zoo exploration event. Childrens Grand Park in Neung-dong, Gwangjin-gu will maintain its ordinary operating hours through to 10 pm, but will extend the opening hours of its theme park to 7 pm on weekdays and to 9 pm at weekends. Additionally, it will extend the opening hours of the water park (by two hours to 6 pm), which is highly popular among children, and the music fountains (by five hours to 9 pm). Other major parks, including Dream Forest, Seoul Forest and World Cup Park, are always open 24 hours a day so there are no limits on their admission hours. However, the operating hours of various facilities will be extended during the summer.
An exotic party was held to celebrate the first anniversary of the Cambodian governments donation of a pair of elephants to the Seoul Metropolitan Government on July 8, 2010. The Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corp. held a celebration of the Cambodian elephants first year in Seoul in front of the elephants compound at Seoul Childrens Grand Park at 11 am, July 10. The event comprised a quiz show and a recreational performance under the general theme of elephants, and various participatory programs for citizens, including congratulatory message writing. Notably, more than 100 multicultural families of Cambodian heritage were invited to the event, and joined in the celebration of the first anniversary of the pair of elephants, a symbol of friendship between Korea and Cambodia. The Cambodian elephants have seen their weight increase by 700 or 800 kilograms over the past year, having completely adapted to life in Seoul thanks to the warm care and protection given them by the veterinarians and breeders at Seoul Childrens Grand Park.
The Seoul Global Migrant Center (Dangsan-dong, Yeongdeungpo-gu) offered a free Oriental Medicine service to foreign migrant workers from 2 pm to 5 pm on July 10. Under the program, specialists in Oriental medicine serving with the Korean Medicine Service Team Abroad (KOMSTA) diagnosed, and provided acupuncture and moxibustion treatment services to, more than 40 foreign migrant workers working in Seoul to help ease their ailments. The Seoul Metropolitan Government decided to offer preventive medicine and help treat migrant workers suffering from illness, as migrant workers are often exposed to diseases and injuries due to poor working conditions and excessive working hours. The free service is conducted from 2 pm to 5 pm on the second Sunday of each month. In order to provide a good quality medical checkup and treatment service, the program limits the number of patients to 40. Migrant workers who wish to receive treatment are requested to dial +82-2-2632-9933, write to smc9933@naver.com, or pay a visit in person to the center in advance. Migrant workers whose applications are accepted will only receive treatment if they submit their ID on the day. The Seoul Metropolitan Government also operates a mobile medical counseling for foreigners program, under which volunteers and Oriental medicine doctors visit areas with large foreign communities, including Hyehwa-dong, Gwanghui-dong, and Itaewon, every Sunday, and offer counseling on life in Seoul and an Oriental medical service.
Having recognized that attention worldwide has recently expanded beyond interest in Koreas hallyu stars to include general Korean culture, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to conduct intensive city marketing campaigns targeting the Asian region jointly with K-Pop singers with the focus on the citys most charming tourist attractions.First, the City Government will join forces with SM Entertainment and hold a K-Pop Asian tour in China, Southeast Asia, and Taiwan to promote Seoul and hallyu culture to concertgoers. The Asian concert tour will start with a performance in Taiwan by popular idol singer Shinee on July 16. The tour will then move on to Nanjing, China in August, followed by Southeast Asia during the second half. The City Government will install a Seoul PR Zone in the three regions to introduce the charms and strengths of the city to members of the audience, and play and distribute promotional materials and video clips of the City. Furthermore, the City Government plans to set up a Photo Zone that will feature full portraits of popular hallyu singers against a backdrop of Seoul Metropolitan City, and hold various sweepstakes and giveaway events to capture the concert-going publics attention. The Asian Concert Tour is also expected to attract more than 40,000 local hallyu fans in its wake. As such, the Seoul Metropolitan Government expects the direct promotion of Seoul to provide a rare opportunity to highlight the charms of Seoul, the hub of hallyu, directly to audience members. The City Government will also hold the K-Pop Covers Competition at the performance venues in Southeast Asia, the winners of which will be granted a free Seoul tour ticket as a supplementary prize, as the event is expected to draw feverish attention from hallyu fans. Additionally, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold a Storytelling Contest for My Four-Day Seoul Tour under the theme of You too are heroines of hallyu dramas, from late July in a bid to maintain the hallyu fever in China and Japan. The winners of the contest will have a chance to tour Seoul in line with the stories they write. The winning pieces of the Seoul Tour Storytelling Contest will be announced in late August on the Seoul Metropolitan Governments tour information site i Tour Seoul (www.visitseoul.net). The winners will be given a chance to visit Seoul during September ~ October.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the 16th Tour Seoul Photo Contest in a bid to discover the hidden charms of the City and to procure outstanding new photos of the Korean capital. The Tour Seoul Photo Contest has been held annually since 1996 to promote the image of Seoul as an attractive tourism destination. The 2010 event attracted submissions from more than 5,000 people, showing a surge in popularity. Since proactive efforts have been made to encourage foreigners to participate in this years event, more people from Korea and elsewhere are expected to take part. In order to encourage participation by people from all walks of life, including ordinary citizens and professionals, the event comprises two categories, i.e., general and special fields. Applications will be accepted from July 7 to August 26. Notably, to discover characteristic images unique to Seoul and to encourage participation by Koreans and foreign participants, Lomography will organize the special field category of the contest. This year exceptionally generous prizes will be presented to the winners of the contest, as more than 40 million won will be awarded to 20 winners under various themes in the general field. This represents a significant increase from the prizes given in the 15th Tour Seoul Photo Contest. The grand prize has been increased to 5 million won, compared with 3 million won last year, while the gold prize has been increased to 3 million won compared with 1 million one last year, so as to provide more generous incentives. In the special field, a Lomography camera will be presented as a supplementary prize, and the winning photos will be published in the Lomography City Guide Seoul booklet, among other perks and benefits. Tour Seoul Photo Contest Website: http://photo.visitseoul.netLomography Website: www.lomography.co.krInquiries General Field: Staff in charge of the photo contest, Seoul Tourism Organization at Tel: 82-2-3788-0852, mjkim@seoulwelcome.com Special Field: Staff in charge of the photo contest, Lomography Korea at Tel: +82-2-326-0255, magazine@lomography.co.krWinning photos of the 2010 event
The Inaugural Ceremony of the 2011 Korea Hope Expedition was held at Seoul Plaza at 11 am, July 4, with more than 200 people, including 96 students of the national territory hiking troupe, and organizing staff of the event, in attendance. The 96 college students, led by alpinist Park Young-seok, kicked off a great, energetic 474km hiking expedition of the national territory that is sure to be filled with challenges, passion, and sharing. The 96 students of the national territory hiking troupe of the 2011 Korea Hope Expedition, which is hosted jointly by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Park Young-seok Exploration and Culture Foundation, will depart from Seoul Plaza on July 4 and make their way via SacheonHapcheonSangjuCheongwonJincheon. The tour will last for 19 days. As such, they are due to arrive back at Seoul Plaza at 4 pm on July 21, where they will hold a ceremony to celebrate the completion of their arduous journey. The great hiking trail of the Korea Hope Expedition, which marks its eighth event this year, was launched in 2004 as a journey of the national territory for college students, with a view to enabling them to overcome hardships and troubles and to spreading the virus of hope throughout the nation. In attendance at the ceremony were Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon Kathleen Stephens, U.S. Ambassador to Korea Seong Gi-hak, chairman of the Park Young-seok Exploration & Culture Foundation Kim Hee-ok, Dongguk University President Goo Ja-jun, Chairman of LIG Insurance Co., Ltd. Lee In-jeong, Chairman of the Korea Alpine Federation and Heo Hyeong-man, a cartoonist.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government held The Korean Beauty Secret event to introduce the makeup methods widely used by Hallyu (Korean wave) stars and the latest Korean makeup styles to foreign visitors at the Seoul Global Culture & Tourism Center in Myeong-dong, Seoul from 2 pm, July 3. At the event, famous makeup artists from Etude House, which is famous throughout Asia, including Japan and China, presented a demonstration of the makeup methods currently in vogue among Korean stars, while professional lecturers briefly explained the characteristics of Korean-style makeup and provided information on the latest makeup styles. Foreign nationals were recruited for participation by internet and email for seven days from June 20. More than 110 people from 26 countries applied to take part in the event by the closing day on June 27. In the wake of the event the Seoul Global Center plans to gather the opinions of participants in order to diversify its programs and increase the scale of the event in the future.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will expand medical aid to ease the financial burden of underprivileged citizens, including migrant workers, who are not protected by the medical care system. The City Government will increase the number of agencies it subsidizes to cover the medical expenses incurred by underprivileged foreign residents from six to eight, and increase the range of support to allow them to receive healthcare services at the 25 community health centers under ward offices across the city. In order to provide subsidies for medical expenses incurred in the treatment of severe diseases, including cancer and heart and brain diseases, to the underprivileged, including migrant workers, the City Government has designated two additional hospitals, namely Boramae Medical Center and Seobuk Hospital, as the agencies responsible for expanding the public healthcare service. The beneficiaries of the service will include migrant workers, their children, homeless migrants, foreign wives married to Koreans before gaining citizenship, and their children. The service will cover the costs of inpatient treatment and outpatient surgery incurred on the day surgery is performed. If the service is provided by a medical agency designated as a provider of medical aid, subsidies will be provided once for any outpatient treatment received before surgery, and up to three times for outpatient treatment received after surgery for up to 5 million won per occasion. If the expense exceeds 5 million won per occasion, up to 10 million can be provided subject to review by the City Government. Additionally, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is set to expand the range of health services available to foreign residents at community health centers under ward offices, which were only available at two wards, to the community health centers under 25 wards across the city. Institutions Designated as Medical Service Agencies for the Underprivileged, including Migrant Workers (Seoul Metropolitan Government) 
Seongbuk-gu office of the Seoul will hold the 13th International Youth Film Festival, the one and only international film festival for teenagers, in Korea. The annual festival will be held for seven days (July 7 to 13) at various venues throughout Seongbuk-gu, including the Arirang Cine & Media Center, which is the only ward office-run movie theater in Seoul, the Kookmin University, International Bldg. Concert Hall, the CGV Sungshin Womens Univ., and Seongbuk-cheon Baram-Madang. Of the 1,235 movies from 65 nations originally submitted to the festival, only 140 films from 37 countries, including 39 from 14 countries that were submitted for the competitive category, will be screened during the event. Their main themes cover childrens and teenagers issues, family and growth. The festival eve celebration will take place at an outdoor stage in Seongbuk-gu office at 7 pm on July 6, while the opening ceremony will be held at Kookmin University, International Bldg. Concert Hall at 7 pm on July 7. The award-winning movies will be announced at the closing ceremony, which will take place at Hall 1 in the Arirang Cine & Media Center at 7 pm on July 13. The 2011 International Youth Filmmaking Camp, which will bring together more than 100 teenagers from over ten countries, will be held in Yangpyeong, Gyeonggi Province from July 7 to 13, with a program comprising lectures on moviemaking theories and practice, and the production of short films, by movie makers and producers. The International Media Education Seminar will also take place at Hall 3 of the Arirang Cine & Media Center at 3 pm, July 11 to allow participants to share examples of video and media education programs for youth from various countries including the U.S.A., the Philippines, Norway, Denmark, Finland, and Ireland. For screening schedules, please refer to the festivals website (www.siyff.com). For other inquiries, dial the Culture and Sports Division at Seongbuk-gu office www.siyff.com.
Under a policy aimed at creating a Seoul where foreigners can live a happy life, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has hired four contract-based foreign civil servants who will start work on July 1. The civil servants are Jasmin Lee from the Philippines, who became a Korean citizen through marriage PHAM THI QUYNH HOA of Vietnam, who won the second prize in a Korean essay writing competition Jin Hong, an ethnic Han woman from China, who completed masters and doctorate programs at Yonsei University Graduate School and Chuluuntsetseg, a Mongolian woman married to a Korean man. The four civil servants will effectively serve as spokespersons for more than 360,000 foreign residents who have settled in Seoul as their second hometown. Since all four of them can speak Korean fluently, they are expected to assist with the development of policies for multicultural families, the management of foreign communities, the operation of a communications program between Korean nationals and foreigners, and the adoption of foreigners ideas in city administration and onsite surveys, as well as providing counseling for multicultural families and playing a bridging role in communication between Koreans and foreigners. According to a census of foreign residents issued by the Ministry of Public Administration and Security, the number of foreigners residing in Seoul as of 2011 amounted to over 360,000, or 3.6 percent of the Citys population, representing a gain of 30,000 people since 2010. Back in 2007, the Seoul Metropolitan Government established the Seoul Global Center, Koreas first general foreigner assistance facility. Since then, the City has provided diverse services, including the establishment of world-class foreign schools and the designation of Global Zones in areas with large foreign populations, as part of its far-reaching efforts to establish an undisputed global city.
The Women Friendly Seoul Project, part of the Seoul Metropolitan Governments women friendly urban policy, has been chosen as the winner of a Special Mention prize by Metropolis, a coalition of the worlds leading metropolitan cities, after receiving the UN Public Service Award in Tanzania on June 23. Metropolis said, The Women Friendly Seoul Project has opened up a new horizon in womens policy by reflecting gender-recognition characters in the urban space of Seoul, in explaining the reason for honoring Seoul. The Metropolis Award is presented to exemplary policies that have contributed to improving citizens quality of life. The Seoul Metropolitan Government won a Special Mention prize with its online civil administration service system in 2002, and a second prize for the improvement of its public transportation systems in 2005, so this is the first Metropolis prize the city has won in six years. The Women Friendly Seoul Project has already earned a positive assessment as an exemplary model for women friendly urban policies not only in Korea but also in the international community. By winning the Special Mention prize from Metropolis after receiving the UN Public Service Award for two consecutive years, the project should make a great contribution to elevating Seouls image as a women friendly city. The Metropolis Award Ceremony will take place during the 10th Metropolis World Congress (Nov. 23  26, 2011) in Porto Alegre, Brazil in November. The ceremony will introduce the prize-winning policies of the worlds greatest metropolitan cities, including the Women Friendly Seoul Project.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government won the Best Booth Award at the Beijing International Tourism Expo 2011, which took place in the Chinese capital from June 17 to 19.The City Government conducted various promotional events, including a sweepstake quiz show on Seoul tourism, darts tournaments, photo events, and a royal hanbok (traditional Korean costume) experience event. It also installed a Jeju PR corner within the Seoul City booth, and conducted joint marketing campaigns to promote tour products that interlink Seoul and Jeju tours, attracting keen attention from visitors.As if to demonstrate the hallyu (Korean Wave) fever that has hit China in recent years and the Chinese peoples attraction to Korean cosmetics and its ongoing popularity, The Face Shop Makeup Show and a dance-musical performance called Dance If You Love Me attracted more than 200 spectators on average throughout the event. Leading media organizations including BTV and bjnews competed fiercely to cover the events.The Seoul Metropolitan Government not only held diverse events catering to female visitors but also invited a total of twelve organizations, including its medical tourism partners Kangnam Samsung Plastic Surgery and Jeong Won Plastic Surgery, to jointly attend the expo, thereby proactively providing counseling on medial tourism products to travel agencies and visitors at the event, and using the occasion to attract foreign tourists to Seoul.
Mayor Oh Se-hoon participated in the opening ceremony of the Korea MICE Expo 2011 at COEX at 11 am on June 29, alongside more than 100 people from domestic and foreign MICE communities.The Korea MICE Expo debuted as the Korea Convention Industry Expo in 2000 as an expo designed to represent Asia, and was expected to spearhead the global MICE industry. The exposition was held in various cities around the country each year, but is being held in Seoul for three consecutive years from 2010 to 2012.In his welcoming speech, Mayor Oh Se-hoon said, Seoul recently made the list of the Worlds Top Five Convention Cities as designated by the Union of International Associations. He stressed, This achievement has been made possible because the City Government singled out tourism and conventions as one of the eight new growth engine industries and promoted the sector heavily, and began conducting far-reaching activities to attract MICE to the City in collaboration with private-sector organizations.Mayor Oh went on to say, Since as many as 102 international events are set to take place in Seoul by 2018, if we continue to make even greater efforts, Seoul City will become the undisputed king of convention cities in the world in the not so distant future.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Seoul Tourism Organization held a signing ceremony for the Seoul MICE Alliance, a private-public coalition with 72 companies engaged in the exhibition and convention industries in Seoul, at the Grand Ballroom of the COEX exhibition center at 9 am on June 28. Under the agreement, the parties will conduct joint marketing campaigns aimed at boosting the citys MICE competitiveness going forward. The Seoul MICE Alliance was formed to significantly boost the competiveness of the MICE industry in Seoul and to activate the local economy, jointly by convention centers, hotels, special banquet facilities, performing groups, airlines, transportation and courier service agencies, international conference planning agencies, and tourism agencies, as well as the City Government and the Seoul Tourism Organization. Under the agreement, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will assist the marketing and public relations activities of the members of the Seoul MICE Alliance, when conducting joint activities to attract MICE to the City, including participation in professional MICE exhibitions and overseas information sessions. Additionally, members of the Alliance will proactively participate and cooperate in the joint efforts to attract MICE. In 2010, the Seoul Metropolitan Government hosted five professional MICE exhibitions in Korea and elsewhere, ten onsite visits by international organizations, and four rounds of familiarization tours targeting media outlets and buyers concerning MICE, in collaboration with member companies of the MICE Alliance. Notably, the City Government successfully attracted conferences on nine of the 10 onsite tour events. The City Government increased the number of alliance member firms from 47 to 72 early this year, thus boosting the cooperative network. In the wake of the official MOU signing ceremony, the City Government plans to elevate the status of Seouls MICE industry, and to conduct large-scale joint overseas marketing campaigns in a systematic effort to attract MICE to Seoul. In the second half, the City Government plans to hold onsite information sessions in London and Bangkok, cities packed with international organizations, participate in major MICE exhibitions in the Americas, Europe and Asia, operate Seoul PR booths, and proactively advertise Seoul as an optimum venue for MICE events.
The Distant Countries, Near Countries Visiting Classrooms program allows foreigners to visit the classrooms of elementary, middle and high school students in Seoul City, and to introduce the culture and history of their home countries. Since 2008 the program has involved more than 50 foreigners from over 30 countries worldwide, providing education sessions to over 8,000 students. Notably, as many as 4,100 students have already taken part in the program in the three months or so since the beginning of this years first semester. Also, the program will be conducted for more than 600 students at over twenty schools in July. Teachers have shown keener interest as well. As many as 189 schools, representing a more than three-fold increase from the 59 schools involved last year, have applied for the program this year. In order to ensure continuity and professionalism in education, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to accept recommendations from knowledgeable and highly experienced lecturers from fifteen embassies. The City Government also plans to single out people of excellence from among past lecturers, and thus develop the program as a genuine venue for experiencing global cultures. Additionally, the City Government plans to boost global culture education on non-OECD member countries, whose nationals account for more than 90 percent of migrant workers in Korea and foreign spouses married to Koreans, in order to cultivate the spirit of multicultural citizenship, and for the City to move a step closer toward social integration between Koreans and foreigners.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will offer all the facilities, natural scenery, sculptures, and road facilities in the DMC as sets for film and drama shoots, and allow anyone to use the facilities via a new online reservation system in order to widely promote the excellence of Korean movies and tourism attractions in Seoul. First, the City Government will construct a unified reservation system for the filming of movies and TV dramas and operate the system from July. Previously, whenever production companies sought to film within the DMC, they had to consult with the managing agencies of individual buildings or facilities. Once the new reservation system is in place at the DMC website (http://dmc.seoul.go.kr), anyone will be able to apply to reserve a venue and date for filming, which the Seoul Metropolitan Government will then collectively manage. Initially, the reservation system will be applied to the DMC High-Tech Industry Center, the DMC Promotion Room, Digital Media Street and the DMC F&D Center, but it will eventually be expanded to cover all the facilities in the DMC. Additionally, the City Government will discover venues suitable for filming, construct a database of detailed information and costs for use, and make the data available via the DMC website. The City Government will also handle the overall administrative process required for filming at the DMC. If venues suitable for filming are publicized, along with the reservation system, the City Government expects they will enable not only rookie movie directors, who have few chances of finding good venues for filming due to a lack of experience in movie production, but also foreign directors to conveniently film in the City, providing a great opportunity to promote the citys hotspots to the world.
A total of 42 students from 16 countries who are studying in Korea will work as interns at Seoul City Hall during their summer vacation for five weeks from July 11. The Seoul Metropolitan Government Global Internship program, which the City was the first among Korean government agencies to introduce in 2008, is a city administration experience program. Operated exclusively for foreign students who are studying at universities in Seoul, the program marks its seventh program this summer. The students selected as global interns will be deployed in the City Governments 25 departments in charge of global affairs, which engage in extensive exchanges with foreign cities, for six hours a day, five days a week. They will be responsible for collecting and analyzing information on polices and examples overseas, and for helping to ease inconveniences faced by foreigners in Seoul, among other activities. They will also participate in other programs, including volunteer activities (July 22), a cultural experience tour (July 29) to the National Museum of Korea and Bongeunsa Temple, and a study tour (August 5) to Sangam DMC and the Mapo resource recycling facility, thus giving them the opportunity to experience diverse aspects of Seoul. By operating the internship program, the Seoul Metropolitan Government aims to provide foreign students with a chance to participate in city administration, and help individual students to develop their career and better understand the principles of city administration. The City Government, for its part, plans to promote the City to the world by transforming highly talented interns into supporters of the Korean capital. Thus far, a total of 178 students from 37 countries have successfully completed internships with the Seoul Metropolitan Government.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold a Seoul Design Assets Exhibition at the J-Bug Exhibition Hall in Ttukseom from June 20 to July 31. It will also offer an experience class for elementary students during the summer vacation. The exhibition will display media artworks, which express traditional assets with modern technique, including ceremonial robes, and folklore paintings from Hanyang (ancient Seoul), which gained popularity during last years exhibition. The event will also showcase presentations that utilize digital and 3-D graphics, and other exhibits that illustrate the modern utility of Seouls design assets, adding to the fun for visitors. To introduce and promote Seouls design assets in an easier and friendly way, the City Government will operate a family-group experience program for elementary students during the summer vacation. The participants will have an opportunity to enjoy fun events, including the creation of mock-ups of future Hangang bridges in imagination, and the creation of decorative furniture using traditional structuring methods. Participants will be recruited via online application.The experience class will be conducted twice on July 28 and 29, with a maximum of 30 participants for each class. Applications should be submitted at www.seouldesigncenter.com from July 7 (to be selected on a first come, first served basis).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is providing various education programs for and supporting participation in the job market of foreign wives to help them lead a stable family life and seamlessly adapt to Korean society, thereby assisting their economic self-reliance and growth as professional workers.By offering local area-focused job programs in city communities, the City Government is creating jobs for foreign wives married to Korean men, and helping them to become professional workers by making the most of their ability to speak their mother tongue. The application period for the second half programs is from June 24 to 30, and applications should be submitted to their local village community centers.Additionally, the City Government is operating education sessions on preparation for employment and new startups at twenty-three Multicultural Family Support Centers in order to help foreign wives who are finding it difficult to land a job due to their lack of Korean proficiency. Foreign wives can participate in diverse multicultural programs, including Korean language training and information on government subsidized jobs, through these facilities. 
The Seoul Museum of History is set to offer online presentations of 181 exhibitions, including 61 exhibits from the Czech Exhibition (Korean) and 120 from the Moscow Exhibition (Korean, English), by fully launching the Virtual Planned Exhibition Room, an e-service version of its special exhibitions, on June 21.The museum will advance its museum e-service to the next level by presenting sceneries inside and outside the museum, permanent exhibitions, introductions of related materials, various special exhibitions, and exhibitions to be organized in the future, and will serve as a benchmark for other museums around the world.How to view special exhibitions through the virtual planned exhibition room Click the pop-up at the center of the Seoul Museum of Historys website (museum.seoul.kr), or announcement, or directly click the following addresses to access Enrique Stanko Vrazs Visit to Seoul in 1901:http://www.cgcm.go.kr/CHM_HOME/jsp/MM03/vr/01/vr.jsp A Portrait of Moscow (Korean): http://www.cgcm.go.kr/CHM_HOME/jsp/MM03/vr/02/vr.jsp A Portrait of Moscow (English): http://www.cgcm.go.kr/CHM_HOME/jsp/MM03/vr/03/vr.jspViewing tip: When visiting the virtual planned exhibition room on the right-hand side of the computer screen, you can comfortably view the exhibitions by clicking . Please press the Esc key to exit the full screen.Images presented at the virtual planned exhibition room
The Seoul Metropolitan Government, which has implemented various programs to assist foreigners in a bid to develop Seoul into a great city for foreigners to live, plans to gather various creative policy ideas from foreign students studying in the City, and actually implement them in the citys administration. The City Government has recruited 84 students from 32 countries, who will conduct activities through the Seoul International Student Forum (SISF), which marks its fourth annual event this year. The forum will hold a general assembly at the Seoul Human Resource Development Center in Seocho-dong at 3 pm on June 24, and kick off its activities in earnest with a two-day workshop. Foreign student members of the SISF will intensively participate in the forums activities during the two months of their summer vacation from July to August. During the period they will visit a number of Seoul Metropolitan Government organizations and engage in various activities related to city administration, including an experience of Korean culture. The City Government will link the forum with the Global Internship program, which provides foreign students with an opportunity to work at various administrative departments dealing with foreign residents of the City, thereby enabling participants in the annual forum to take this internship and encouraging members to proactively engage in the activities of the forum.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (Mayor Oh Se-hoon) and the Korea Tourism Organization (CEO Lee Charm) will co-host the KOREA MICE EXPO 2011 on the largest scale yet at the COEX Exhibition Center in Seoul from June 28 to 30. Koreas MICE industry has achieved an unprecedented pace of development over the last ten years. Seoul City was recently ranked the fifth among the worlds convention cities, and has earned widespread recognition and a solid reputation as an excellent host of MICE events. The Seoul MICE Forum, which will take place on June 28, will consist of three sessions under three sub-themes  1) Creating the global value chain for Seoul MICE, 2) Designing a new MICE culture, and 3) Branding MICE destinations  under the main theme of The New Wave of Creative MICEnomics. The participants will shed light on the MICE industry, which is spearheading the generation of new and creative economic values, and discuss ways of boosting competitiveness through the creation of MICE culture and contents, and of branding the host city.
Foreign residents in Seoul who wish to watch some of the latest Korean movies without the language barrier are invited to visit five movie theaters in the City, where they can also conveniently access and enjoy shopping. Korean movies with English subtitles will be shown at CGVs in Myeong-dong Station, Gangnam, Yongsan and Guro, while films with Japanese subtitles will be shown at Lotte Avenuel in Myeong-dong. The theaters will provide English subtitles for the movie White and Japanese subtitles for the movie Mama in June, after providing the same service for Hello Ghost and GLove, respectively. They will also provide subtitles for Quick and The Front Line in July, and will subtitle one movie in English and one in Japanese each month thereafter. For details on the relevant screening schedule, please dial the 120 Dasan Call Center of the Seoul Metropolitan Government or the movie theaters concerned. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has announced that the 15th Seoul International Cartoon and Animation Festival (SICAF2011), Asias largest specialized cartoon festival, will be held at COEX D Hall in Samseong-dong, CGV Myeong-dong Station, and at the Seoul Animation Center, for five days from July 20 to 24. SICAF comprises four categories, including an SICAF Exhibition of Cartoons and Animations, the International Animated Film Festival, the International Digital Cartoon Competition, and the Seoul Promotion Plan (SPP). The SICAF Exhibition, which will be held at COEX, is sure to satisfy all five senses through education-focused exhibitions at which participants can view and learn under the main theme of learning about the world through comics and animations, rather than simply enjoying cartoons and animations. The International Digital Cartoon Competition, which is held to discover talented cartoonists as well as to energize the Korean digital cartoon market, will feature a series of exhibitions, including a special exhibition of the work of Won Su-yeon, a special exhibition of Korea digital cartoons, special artists exhibitions, a 3-D video experience exhibition, and an exhibition of the award-winning works. Furthermore, the event will involve the presentation of 3-D videos, an exhibition of QR codes, and 4-D rider and movie car experience exhibitions, thus providing participants with even greater sources of fun. The International Animated Film Festival, one of the worlds top five animated film festivals, will take place at CGV Myeong-dong Station and the Seoul Ani Cinema. The Seoul Promotion Plan (SPP), Koreas largest specialized industrial exhibition of cartoon and animated films, will take place at the COEX Conference Center from July 20 to 22. For further information on the SICAF 2011, please visit the festivals website at (http://www.sicaf.org), or dial the SICAF Organizing Committee at (+82-2-3455-8435).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced on June 19 that it will offer a babysitting service, as well as half-priced tickets for high-end performances as part of a program to provide culture and welfare benefits for mothers. The participants can attend performance of The Barber of Seville, Hwaseon Kim Hong-do, Yeowoo Rock Festival  Its Our Music, the play Kisaragi Mikizang, Only Love Us, and the opera Gianni Schicchi with half-price tickets. These benefits will be provided on a first come, first served basis up to the seating capacity of the respective shows. Only women who reside in Seoul are eligible to participate in the program, but their family members are also eligible for discounted tickets. Also, in order to allow women who did not get a chance to enjoy the benefits of the Women Friendly Seats due to their childrearing responsibilities, the City Government will operate from this month the Women Friendly Day Care Center, which takes care of children while their mothers watch plays and movies, thereby allowing women to enjoy performances at Daehangno without worrying about their children. One can apply to join the Women Friendly Seats and the Women Friendly Day Care Center at the Women Friendly Seoul website at (http://women.seoul.go.kr).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (Hangang Project Headquarters) has announced that it will hold a Bicycle Camp for Lovers and Friends in which participants can simultaneously experience nature and art, on June 26. The courses and time will be flexible depending on the participants bicycling skills, but they will have an opportunity to enjoy many sites along the Hangang, ranging from Nanji Hangang Park to Noeul Park and various tributaries of the river that are like hidden jewels, including Changneungcheon Stream, which retains the looks of the Hangang of the past.After enjoying the ride along the Hangang, participants will have a chance to visit Gyeomjae Gallery, Seochon Gallery or Nanji Art Studio. The last part of the event consists of an eco-friendly snack-making session in which participants are allowed to collect wild rose buds, shepherds purse, and mugwort, which they can cook and eat, or to gather a wide variety of vegetables, including lettuce, radishes, strawberries, red peppers and eggplants, which are cultivated organically on a farm at the Wildlife Exploration Center in Nanji Hangang Park, and which can be eaten as a salad or boiled and eaten with rice. To participate in the picnic, submit your application in advance by calling (+82-2-3780-0609) by June 24. A total of twenty people can take part in the event.
The 2011 Dream Garden Festival will be held every Saturday afternoon until October 1 on a special outdoor stage at Dream Forest in Jangwi-dong, Gangbuk-gu. On June 18, the festival will feature Super Grasshopper, which envisions becoming a semi-modern sexy band. In July the event will present various performances from East and West, while in August four passionate rock bands are set to perform to help summer visitors cool off in the hot summer weather. In September and October, more subdued and calmer music performances will be staged to enable participants to appreciate the beauty of autumn through music. The Dream Garden Festival will continue for 21 weeks from May 21 to October 1. The festival will be held at a special outdoor stage in front of the Dream Forest Art Center, La Foresta, from 5 pm every Saturday (from 7 pm in the hottest months of July and August). Diverse genres of music, including classical, musical, gugak and performances, are being prepared to provide audiences with great music shows and extraordinary experiences. (Admission is free. For further information, please visit the Dream Forest Art Center website at www.dfac.or.kr, or dial +82-2-2289-5401.)
Why not visit Sangam-dong DMC (Digital Media City) where you can enjoy diverse experiences of the future, culture, and the arts? All the facilities here are available for use free of charge, and they are expected to gain popularity as a hidden jewel course for dating couples who lack money. 1) The Future City Experience Dating course takes couples to the Digital Pavilion, where they can see demonstrations of state-of-the-art IT technologies at the DMC Gallery. The ceiling of the recently launched Digi-Roof at the DMC Gallery is installed with multiple screens, while various forms of mirrors are installed on its sides to make users feel as if they are in the space. Visitors can also take photos of the Digi-Roof using their smartphones. At the 3D Video Pavilion in the DMC Gallery, visitors can view various 3D graphics and videos filmed with special cameras. The DMC Gallery operates from 10 am to 6 pm Monday through Saturday, and is closed on Sundays and national holidays. For further inquiries, please dial +82-2-309-7067. The Digital Pavilion offers a presentation of IT technologies showcased in present and future living. It houses the Exploration Center on the second floor, and the Imagination Center on the third floor, allowing visitors to experience housing and homes of the future, including healthcare systems and home networking systems. The Digital Pavilion is closed on Sundays and traditional national holidays. For further inquiries, please dial +82-2-2132-0500. 2) The Art Culture Mania Dating course consists of a visit to the Korean Film Museum, where visitors can appreciate the history of Korean movies and artworks, and the symbolic sculptures of the DMC. The Korean Film Museum housed on the first floor of the DMC Culture Contents Center is a space where visitors can explore the 100-year history of Korean movies and appreciate representative Korean films. Visitors can also discover how movies and animations are produced, as well as put edited movie films into a cine projector, observe the process of a projecting a movie on a screen, learn how damaged films are restored, and experience the Diorama (3-dimensional exhibition of objects within a small space) of the set used for the production of the award-winning movie Milyang (Secret Sunshine). The Korean Film Museum is closed on Mondays and traditional national holidays. For further inquiries, please dial +82-2-3153-2001. The museum offers a monthly forum, in which participants discuss an interesting theme related to the history of Korean movies. For further inquiries, please dial +82-2-3153-2001. When night falls, visitors are invited to visit Digital Media Street, Koreas first intelligent street. The 190 street lights (called IP Intelights) installed on this street change colors and brightness according to the movements of pedestrians, while allowing people to listen to music and use the wireless internet. The Millennium Eye, a representative sculpture symbolizing the DMC at Guryong Neighborhood Park, projects in real time images of the skies over Montevideo in Uruguay, on the other side of the planet earth. Whenever someone sends a message, it is displayed at the bottom of the sculpture.
The Seoul Summer Sale 2011, a shopping and tourism festival conceived exclusively for foreign tourists, will take place across the City for 38 days from June 24 to July 31. A total of 5,899 shops and businesses from a wide range of categories, including cultural performances, tourism facilities, theme parks, movie theaters, beauty salons and traditional restaurants, have been selected for participation in the Seoul Summer Sale 2011 based on the criteria of preference, recognition and discount rates. The event is expected to significantly enhance foreign tourists satisfaction with shopping in Seoul as it will offer great benefits by integrating discounts in various fields.This years Seoul Summer Sale will be offered in conjunction with the regular summer bargain sale period of major department stores in the City in a bid to generate synergistic effects, and will offer diverse services focused on tourists by running theme weeks for the respective sale periods. Notably, an international standard barcode system has been introduced this year, allowing customers to use discount cards conveniently and promptly. Discount cards are available from the Information Center of Incheon International Airport, the Seoul Summer Sale event desk at the main entrance to Lotte Department Store, and Tourist Information Centers in Seoul. They are also downloadable from the Seoul Summer Sale website at (www.seoulsale.com). Meanwhile, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to appoint the members of Super Juniors, a teen idol pop group and leading light of the hallyu (Korean wave) phenomenon, to serve as goodwill ambassadors for the Seoul Summer Sale 2011 and to promote the shopping extravaganza offered by the City. The appointment ceremony of the Goodwill Ambassador, to be attended by Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon and the members of Super Juniors, will take place at the small conference room in Seoul City Hall at 10:30 on June 17.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon met with Fumiko Hayashi, the mayor of Yokohama, Japan, at the senior managers conference room on the seventh floor of the Seoul City Hall Seosomun Building at 11:20 on June 17, and held talks over the Japanese citys efforts to recover from the Great East Japan Earthquake, and other pending issues between the two cities. Mayor Oh complimented the leadership of Mayor Hayashi, who led the citys prompt recovery and normalization of the citys administration after the massive earthquake, and discussed ways of exchanging policies on disaster prevention and countermeasures between the two cities. The five-member delegation led by Mayor Hayashi visited Seoul from June 15~17 to attend an information session on business investment in Yokohama, targeting Korean companies, on June 16, and to help improve bilateral ties between the two cities. The mayors of the two cities plan to relocate Citinets secretariat, which has been based in Yokohama for over 20 years, to Seoul during the organizations general assembly to be held in the Korean capital in 2013. Mayors Oh and Hayashi also discussed the need for the seamless relocation of Citinets secretariat and ways of revitalizing the organization.
The total number of foreign tourists to Korea over the past five months reached 3.19 million, up 3 percent from the same period of last year (3.1 million). Foreign tourists have generated an estimated 8.3 trillion won in additional production, and 4.1 trillion won in added value, while helping create as many as 81,000 jobs. The Seoul Metropolitan Government projects that if the trend of foreign visitors to the City shown in the first half continues to the end of the second half, the City will receive 8.35 million foreign tourists this year, who are projected to generate 31 trillion won in economic effects, and 200,000 jobs, enabling the tourism industry to make actual contributions to vitalize the Seoul economy. Moreover, the total amount of foreign tourists spending in Seoul has also continued to increase. The figure leapt by 89 percent from 6.3 trillion won in 2006 to 11.9 trillion won in 2010, contributing to activation of the Seoul economy. The Seoul Metropolitan Government spent 9,050 won on average in tourism and overseas marketing expenses to attract one foreign tourist, but one foreign tourist spends as much as 1.5 million won, which represents 166 times the expense. Considering that the tourism industry has huge economic benefits, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to proactively implement a tourism policy designed to vitalize the Seoul economy going forward. The City Government also plans to conduct targeted marketing activities through tourism information sessions and expos in China and Southeast Asia, which are seeing a growing number of tourists and an ever expanding amount of per-capita tourism spending. Notably, the City Government plans to form partnerships with global private-sector enterprises, including Lotte Mart, which has shops in China, in order to attract Chinese tourists (spending of $1,646 per tourist) as part of its public relations and marketing campaigns. The City Government plans to add the Southeast Asian countries to the other three areas  namely the English, Japanese and Chinese-language regions  designated as its primary targets, and conduct marketing campaigns using local online media tools such as Facebook and YouTube. The City Government also plans to provide contents on Seoul tourism and guidance for news gathering in the City to Time Out, a British tourism guidebook, which has yet to publish an edition on Seoul. As such, it plans to get Time Outs Seoul edition published in English and Chinese in November. In order to vitalize shopping and tourism, the City Government will organize a Seoul Summer Sale, with the participation of 5,972 shops across the City, from June 24 to July 31. By so doing, it plans to provide additional fun and excitement to foreign tourists visiting the City during their summer vacation.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is set to conduct a unique contest in which college students and foreigners are invited to jointly create scenarios, experience sites, and develop by themselves tour courses in the City for two months from June 15. The 2011 Contest for Walking Tour Scenarios with College Students and Foreigners will be conducted in two phases. In Phase 1 of the contest, college students in groups with foreigners will create scenarios in story-telling formats on walking tour courses in Seoul according to a major theme (culture, IT, shopping and eco, etc), and submit their applications. A total of fifty teams who submit quality contents will be selected. In Phase 2, only the fifty teams who pass Phase 1 can take part. According to their scenarios, they will undergo a one-day walking tour experience, and then submit revised scenarios and multimedia materials, including photos and user-created contents. Four finalists will then be selected, including the first prize winner, who will receive 2 million won in prize money and an award, and three other teams who will each receive 500,000 won and an award. Applications for Phase 1 of the contest will be received from June 15 to July 18, and the 50 teams selected will undergo a one-day walking tour experience on July 27. Phase 2 will be conducted from July 28 to August 4, and the award ceremony will be held on August 18. For further information on the event, please visit the contest website (walkingtour.visitseoul.net), or dial the secretariat at (+82-2- 3788-8123, 724-7783).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government, Korea National Opera, and Korea Opera Company Association will hold a Hangang Opera Festival with Citizens as the opening ceremony of the 2011 Korea Opera Festival (second) at the Media Art Gallery on the Floating Island at Banpo Hangang Park at 7:30 pm on June 18. The opening performance, to be held as a gala concert, will feature highlights from Mozarts three masterpieces, namely The Marriage of Figaro, Don Giovanni, and Cosi Fan Tutte, along with Rossinis The Barber of Seville, under the theme of A Night of Exciting Operas by Mozart and Rossini, offering joyful, entertaining performances to the public. At this years event, audiences will have an opportunity to witness operatic performances on an outdoor aquatic stage for the first time in Koreas opera history, against the backdrop of the Hangang, one of the Citys most beautiful and romantic spaces. With this performance, which is something of a watershed, Korea is expected to usher in a new era of aquatic operas that will decorate sultry summer nights with beautiful operatic music. The 2011 Korea Opera Festival will be held at the Seoul Arts Center from June 23 to July 24 under the theme This Is Opera to present the very best of Korean opera works. In addition, a Noeul Concert will also take place on the Floating Island every Sunday from June 19 to August 28. Visitors will have an opportunity to appreciate beautiful acoustic music while watching the Hangang amid the nighttime glow. For further information on the events, please visit the Seoul Metropolitan Hangang Project Headquarters website at (http://hangang.seoul.go.kr), or dial the Press Relations Division at the Hangang Project Headquarters at (+82-2-3780-0776).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government and the JoongAng Ilbo held a kickoff ceremony for e-stars Seoul 2011, an international e-Sports festival, on the 19th floor of the Korea Press Center in Taepyeong-ro, Seoul at 3 pm on June 14, initiating a long journey of competition. e-stars Seoul 2011 is co-hosted by the City Government and the JoongAng Ilbo, and co-organized by the Seoul Business Agency and JoongAng Culture Media. The event will take place at Hall D in the COEX exhibition center in southern Seoul from August 19 to 21. e-stars Seoul 2011 is the worlds best digital cultural festival, and is enjoyed by more than 100 million gamers worldwide. The event has been held every year since 2007 to promote Koreas game industry and to vitalize e-sports. The e-stars Seoul event, which celebrates its fifth anniversary this year, is to be upgraded and will serve as a new playground. The e-stars Seoul 2011 event will comprise various beneficial programs, including an e-sports tournament, an e-Party, a family game competition and a sound game culture campaign, in which visitors will be able to enjoy various games together under the digital playground concept. At the kickoff ceremony, a declaration session for a sound gaming culture campaign (Lets Stop Playing Here) was also held, calling for the creation of a sound gaming culture and social contributions based on a partnership between the private sector, government and media. The partners include the Seoul Metropolitan Government, the JoongAng Ilbo, the Game Culture Foundation, the Korea Game Developers Association, and Ongamenet. For further information on e-stars Seoul 2011, please visit the official website at (www.estarsseoul.org).
The number of trips made on Seouls public bicycles has topped 100,000, indicating that the service is being widely used by members of the public. Consequently, the City Government has decided to further improve the quality of the public bicycle service, which it introduced by benchmarking the VELIB system of Paris, France, and BIXI of Montreal, Canada. The public bicycles introduced by the City Government constitute a very convenient bicycle rental system, enabling Seouls citizens to freely rent bicycles for commuting to office and work as well as for leisure and tourism purposes, and to move easily around the City. The City Government introduced 440 bicycles at 43 stations in November 1, 2010, following the initial launch of the service at Sangam DMC and Yeouido.According to the City Government, the total number of trips made on the public bicycles since their introduction reached 110,559 as of June 12. The bicycles were used 359 times per day on average until February, during the initial days of the pilot project. However, the number of rentals increased to a daily average of 612 from May, jumping more than 1.7 times from the early days after their introduction, suggesting a soaring trend. The five core policies devised by the Seoul Metropolitan Government to upgrade the public bicycle service include the preparation of measures to address citizens reporting of complaints and inconveniences by case the real-time handling of inconveniences on-site via the installation of surveillance cameras and speakers the operation of a general operation center to assure seamless use of the unmanned rental system the provision of a congestion tax by signing MOUs with nearby companies and public relations and improvement of the related manuals to help nurture a sound bicycle use culture. The Seoul Metropolitan Government offers a telephone service (+82-2-1599-0120) to enable citizens to file reports and complaints the moment a problem occurs to ensure that bicycles are fixed immediately, and receives reports of inconveniences via the opinion gathering corner of the Customer Center menu on the public bicycle website (www.bikeseoul.com).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the 2011 FIVB Beach Volleyball Seoul Challenger at the Beach Volleyball Court in Jamsil Hangang Park from June 16 to 19. The four-day tournament will bring together 64 players in 32 teams from 18 countries worldwide to showcase their skills in the games. Notably, two Korean teams will participate in this years event. The team composed of Lee Eun-a and Yu Eun-hye, having participated in the 2008 SWATCH-FIVB World Tour Seoul Open and participated as the national team in the Beach Volleyball Match, 2010 Guangzhou Asian Games, has strengthened its capacity and will challenge for the title at the Seoul Challenger competition. During the event, various supplementary events will also be organized for the spectators, including a beach volleyball experience with world-renowned players, a signature signing event for fans, a Haechi photo zone where people can create beautiful memories with their family members, and face painting. These events will help citizens to alleviate the stress of their daily life and deliver great fun and excitement. People who come to Jamsil Hangang Park can reach the court from Exit 7 of Sincheon Station on Seoul Subway Line 2 in about 10 minutes on foot. For further information, including an overview of the championship and the participating athletes, and other inquiries about the event, please visit the events website (www.bvbseoul.kr), or dial the 120 Dasan Call Center.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government signed a memorandum of understanding with Maputo City of Mozambique in Africa, after signed an agreement with Cairo, Egypt, as the Korean capital steps up exchange with the African continent. Mayor Oh Se-hoon met with Maputo Mayor David Simango at the senior managers conference room in Seoul City Hall at 11 am on June 13, and signed a Seoul-Maputo Friendship City Agreement aimed at boosting mutual exchange and cooperation in diverse fields, including economy, culture, tourism, and environment. The five-member delegation from Maputo, including the mayor, visited Seoul as a courtesy call to sign a friendship city agreement between Seoul and Maputo, from June 12 to 15. The Friendship City Agreement focuses on, among other things, the expansion of exchange in the fields of informatization, urban development, transportation, and environment support for exchange between companies so as to increase trade and investment and the promotion of cooperation in the tourism sector and the joint implementation of tourism marketing. After signing the agreement, the two cities will expand practical exchange, including tourism, and know-how in the economic, cultural and environmental fields, and share a personnel network, including the training of invited civil servants. Seoul Mayor Oh said, Africa is a region with huge growth potential based on its rich natural resources. As such, Seoul can transfer its developmental know-how, while seeking ways for reciprocal development in a strategic relationship based on mutual cooperation in the future. He added, If Seoul Metropolitan Government and Maputo City can share their experience and successfully cooperate in areas of mutual interest, the two cities will achieve good results to expedite their development.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government held an Inaugural Ceremony for Seoul SNS Supporters with some of the 1,000 citizens selected as SNS Supporters, at the Seoul Fashion Art Hall at 2 pm, June 11. The Inaugural Ceremony for Seoul SNS Supporters consisted of an appointment ceremony, training on SNS supporters activities, and a performance by invited performers. In attendance at the event were more than 500 of the 1,000 supporters, who intended to participate. At the ceremony, Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon presented the major policies implemented by the City Government to the newly selected SNS Supporters, whose work will involve serving the public, and held a Q&A session. The City Government received applications to select the 1,000 Seoul SNS Supporters through social network services such as Twitter and Facebook, from March 23 to May 6. They were selected based on their interest in and passion for city administration. The SNS Supporters will engage in activities under the slogan The Power that Drives Seoul City, Supporters of Ten Million Citizens! They will carry out activities in five major fields, including sharing city policy issues, suggesting solutions to inconveniences experienced by citizens in the City, and sharing information via the SNS Online Channel (http://sns.seoul.go.kr). The Seoul Metropolitan Government said that the main selection criteria were interest in and passion for city administration, rather than expertise and skills in SNS such as Twitter, Facebook and Me2Day. As such, it said that it expects the SNS Supporters to make critical comments and compliments about the City Government without reservation. Meanwhile, Seoul Metropolitan Government is expanding its channels of communication by opening a Seoul City Facebook page, Seoul.kr, on top of its representative Twitter page @seoulmania. For further information on SNS Supporters, please dial +82-2-120 or +82-2-731-6395.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will launch a campaign to promote the City through a series of Fusion Gugak (Korean traditional music) Performances and a Creative Workshop in four European countries from June 10. This comes after the City staged a promotional campaign consisting of cultural performances in the major cities of Denmark and Sweden in northern Europe in May. The City Government will run a cultural marketing campaign for the City by participating in representative festivals in four European countries, including France, the Netherlands, Germany and Croatia, jointly with Noreum Machi, Koreas leading fusion gugak music band from July to August. Noreum Machi is a band that performs fusion gugak which integrates samulnori (traditional percussion quartet), songs, and traditional rap or sori (traditional vocal songs) with rhythm. Starting with its participation in the European Broadcasting Unions International Folk Festival in Croatia on June 10, Noreum Machi will stage a total of six concerts, and introduce Seoul as a global city to over 40,000 people in the four European countries through its excellent musical performances. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will operate a promotional booth in the lobby of each concert hall before and after the performances, and distribute Seoul brochures and souvenirs to audience members. The City Government also plans to enhance the effects of its promotional campaign by distributing USB devices containing Seouls PR video featuring figure skater Kim Yu-na and actor Lee Byung-hun to reporters, in an effort to embed images of Seoul in their minds for a long time.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced on June 8 that it has designated a 20,643sq m area around Sangam DMC Subway Station as a special planning complex in which large sale, cultural, entertainment, and medical facilities will be installed, in a bid to extensively develop the area into a special complex integrating foreign investment and tourism. The City Government also said the area, which was originally earmarked exclusively for business, commerce and performing art facilities, will also allow the construction of a wide range of other facilities, including tourist hotels, general hospitals, and entertainment and shopping facilities. The area will accommodate general hospitals, large shopping malls, and aquatic resort and spa facilities, as well as top-class performance facilities where foreign tourists and foreign residents in the City, whose numbers continue to grow, can enjoy a one-stop service. Upon announcing the phase-2 plan on the DMC development last February, the City Government also disclosed a plan to develop the DMC Subway Station area into a general facilities complex comprising large-scale performance facilities, benchmarking LA Live in the U.S.A. The area is the only large-scale commercial and business district in the Sangam Housing Development District, and a new railroad transportation hub in the northwestern section of the City that are linked with Gyeongui Line national railway, Korail Airport Railroad, and Seoul Subway Line 6. Once the development of this area into a complex of cultural and commercial facilities has been completed, it will become an economic hub of the northwestern section of the City, which will help to expand the number of foreign tourists and galvanize the DMC as a whole.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announces the search for a founder and administrator of Gaepo Foreign School June 13, 2011 Mayor of Seoul 1. Overview Location : 153, 153-1 Gaepo-dong Gangnam-gu Seoul, Korea  Main Facilities : Main Building(built in 1980), New Wing(1988), Gymnasium, etc.Land Size : 16,077.9 (3.972 acres) / property of the Seoul Metropolitan Government 106.9 billion KRW based on the Officially Assessed Individual Land Price of 2011 (6.65 KRW million per )School Capacity : around 800 students from preschool to high school (English speaking)Business Structure The Seoul Metropolitan Government will lease the land.  The annual lease fee is 1% of or higher than the declared land value of the year. A founder and administrator of Gaepo Foreign School will propose appropriate land lease fees.  The lease term ranges from 20 to 50 years. The granting of an additional term, extension or a new lease will be at the option of the Seoul Metropolitan Government.  The founder and administrator shall be responsible for all construction costs.  The founder and administrator shall be solely responsible for its own expenses required to remove old school buildings from the site at Gaepo and build new school buildings.  The full ownership of the new school buildings will be transferred to The Seoul Metropolitan Government through contributed acceptance in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations upon the expiration of the term of the lease or termination of lease contract.Opening Date : September, 2013 The scheduled opening date may be adjourned until September, 2014 with the consent of the Seoul Metropolitan Government under reasonable cause.2. Eligibility of Applicant Individuals or organizations, which are eligible to establish a foreign school pursuant to the laws and regulations of the Republic of Korea. Foreigners, non-profit foreign organizations, Korean private school organizations  Non-profit foreign organization means an organization organized under the laws of a foreign country, having its non-profit principal office in a foreign country. Persons planning to organize a non-profit foreign organization may also apply.3. Schedule Project Briefing : Friday, June 17, 2011, 14:00 at Haechi Hall, Seoul Global Culture & Tourism Center, 5th floor, M Plaza, Jung-gu, Myeong-dong 2(i)-ga, Seoul, Republic of Korea Subway Line No. 4, Myeong-dong Station, Exit No. 6  Guideline for Preparation of Business Plan will be distributed on the above date : It may also be downloaded at Seoul Global Centers website : http://global.seoul.go.kr. Business Plan Submission Due Date : Thursday, August 18, 2011,18:00(arrival)Business Plan Evaluation : September, 2011 First selection of schools (3 to 5 schools) will be made after the business plans submitted by the applicants are fairy evaluated.  First selected schools will be notified of the result individuallyOn-Site Evaluation : September  October, 2011  On-site evaluation on first selected schools.Final Evaluation and Decision : October, 2011 After a comprehensive on-site evaluation, two to three negotiation partners will be selected.Negotiation and Contract : October, 2011  January, 2012 Contract regarding land lease, school operation, and etc. will be concluded after a negotiation period.  The above schedule is subject to change as deemed necessary by the Seoul Metropolitan Government. Applicants will be notified individually in case of a schedule change.4. Others Applicants shall submit a business plan prepared in accordance with Guideline for Preparation of Business Plan by the deadline. All documents submitted will not be returned nor disclosed without the applicants consent.For more details, please refer to Guideline for Preparation of Business Plan.5. Submission and Contact Information Foreign Residents Assistance Division, Seoul Metropolitan Government tel) (02) 2171-2446, 2447 E-mail : donghoon@seoul.go.kr, Website : http://global.seoul.go.krLocation : 3rd Floor, Korea Press Center, 25 Taepyeongno 1(il)-ga, Jung-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea Subway Line No. 1 & 2, City Hall Station, Exit No. 4, or Subway Line No. 5, Gwanghwamun Station, Exit No. 5
Seoul City invites foreigners to participate in the Summer Festival Explore Seoul, a special event for touring Seoul using public transportation. What is Explore Seoul?  A self-tour program in which a small group follows an arranged itinerary (about ten people).  Participants are supposed to use public transportation, and need to accomplish a mission during each course. (accompanied by a volunteer).  Participants should make a video or take pictures during the tour and share them via Facebook and YouTube. Overview  Date: June 25 (Sat), 2011, 10:00 ~ 17:00  Venue: Bukchon Hanok Village, Hangang Area (Mulbit Plaza, Floating Island), Bongeunsa Temple, COEX Application  Period: June 14 (Tue) ~ 20 (Mon), 2011  Number of Participants: 40 ~ 50 people Eligibility: Foreigners  Participation Fee: Free  How to Apply: Download the application form, fill it out, and send it to the following email address (grace2yh@seoul.go.kr). You can also find the information from the Cultural Experience of Seoul website (http://www.addicted2seoul.co.kr)  Selection: Participants will be selected by order of application, and will be individually informed of their selection by email. Others  Participants need to bring their identification card on the event day. ( ID card with photo such as alien registration card and passport)  The tour course and venues may be changed depending on the number of participants and the weather conditions.  Participants will receive more detailed information individually by email at a later date. (The mission will be disclosed on the event day). Major Programs: Choose one of two courses  Course 1: Gahoe Museum  Samcheong-dong  Mulbit Plaza  Floating Island  Course 2: Bongeunsa Temple  Kimchi Museum (COEX)  COEX Aquarium 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Seoul Tourism Organization are jointly hosting the First Seoul Creative Lantern Contest, an event aimed at developing the Seoul Lantern Festival 2011, which marks its third edition this year, as a festival that is loved and enjoyed by Seouls citizens, in an effort to establish it as the representative winter festival of the nations capital. The First Seoul Creative Lantern Contest seeks to provide citizens from various cultural classes and diverse backgrounds, multicultural families, college students, and foreign residents in the City to develop their sense of cultural perspective and insight, and to encourage their proactive participation. By so doing, it is hoped the event will become a venue of communication where participants can present lanterns (production and exhibition) with creative, exotic and unique images, and thereby raise awareness of the diversity of different cultures and share understanding. The Seoul Creative Lantern Contest is open to anyone. People can participate in the event by downloading the application form at the Seoul City Tourisms website (www.visitseoul.net) and submitting it along with their creative design to the festivals secretariat by postal mail or in person from July 7 to August 8. Actual artworks will be received at an exhibition space at Cheonggyecheon 4(sa)-ga from October 22 to 25. The Seoul Lantern Festival 2011 will be held under the theme Seouls Old Stories Showcased in Lanterns, starting with a lantern lighting ceremony on November 4. The lanterns will be on display for 17 days until November 20. For further details of the First Seoul Creative Lantern Contest, please visit the Seoul City Tourisms Website at (www.visitseoul.net) and read the announcement.  The number of winning works can be adjusted according to the results of evaluation. (The right of ownership of the artworks, excluding the winners of honorable mention prizes, will be reserved by the Seoul Metropolitan Government).
Seoul citizens will be able to use free wireless internet at public facilities across Seoul City, including public offices and community centers, from as early as 2015. The Seoul Metropolitan Government was ranked first in an e-government assessment of global cities for four consecutive years from 2003, and has been playing a leading role as a city of state-of-the-art ICT (Information & Communication Technology). On June 8, the City Government announced the Smart Seoul 2015 vision, a blueprint for the informatization of Seoul, which the City Government has been preparing in order to incorporate IT services into every field, including administration, welfare, industry and living. The plan is a preemptive, proactive measure to brace the city for informatization in preparation for 2015, when more than 80 percent of the citys population is expected to use smart devices, including smartphones and tablet PCs, as well as the wireless Internet, and when over 30 percent of citizens are likely to be using smart TVs. On the back these efforts, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to create a Seoul that uses smart technologies the best in the world in an exemplary fashion by 2015. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will explain Smart Seoul 2015 at the 2011 u-Seoul Forum, which is due to place at the Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry at 2 pm on June 8, and share the future vision of Seoul Citys informatization with members of the public and people engaged in the IT industry.Mayor Oh Se-hoon said, The miracle of IT, which has developed alarmingly fast over the past twenty or more years, will be upgraded once more through Smart Seoul, adding, Seoul City will continue to maintain its stature as the Worlds Best IT City, and as a Convenient State-of-the-art City where IT streams into every aspect of citizens daily life.
A multicultural center to be run according to a new method of private sector participation, in which the Seoul Metropolitan Government provides the building while the private sector provides the funds for its operation, will open at the Seoul Medical Center property in Samseong-dong, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, in September. In order to overcome the practice of government-led assistance programs for multicultural families, and to induce a change in the public perception of multicultural policy through engagement by the private sector of multicultural families, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will open the Seoul Haevichi Multicultural Family Education Center, the nations first multicultural center to be jointly operated by the private and public sectors. In a related move, Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon, Chairman Lee Hui-beom of the Haevichi Social Contribution Culture Foundation, and Reverend Boseon of the Center for Multi-cultural Korea signed a memorandum of understanding at Seoul City Hall Annex at 10:30 am on June 8. Under the MOU, the City Government will provide a portion of the Seoul Medical Center building in Samseong-dong, Gangnam-gu, Seoul, and the foundation is set to donate 500 million won to equip the facility, plus 1.2 billion won in annual operating expenses, while the center will take charge of developing the education program and operational work. Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon said, Proactive social contribution activities by the private sector can give a big boost to government-led social welfare programs, adding, I hope that this project will prompt more private companies and private sector organizations to pay attention to the need to assist multicultural families, and thereby help multicultural families to adapt more easily to our society and participate in it as full members.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will run a group bike commuting system (the so-called Seoul Bike Bus) to encourage citizens to use bikes more proactively in their daily life, while overcoming the practice of passive bike use, including in leisure activities, for the first time on June 8. The City Government will continue to implement the new system on the 22nd of every month until the end of this year. The Seoul Bike Bus is a method of cycling in which commuting paths with departure and arrival sites are designated in advance. Riders depart from the starting point together and get additional riders to join at designated bike stops, commuting to the city center in a group. Groups of ten to fifteen riders are expected to form one Bike Bus. The pilot Bike Bus path, which will run for the first time on June 8, will be the Achasan Course (12.44 kilometers) linking Achasan with City Hall, which takes about one hour to complete. The City Government plans to introduce six additional routes by the years end. In order to recruit as many riders on different Bike Bus routes as possible, the City Government plans to continue recruiting participants from among bike commuters, bike club members, bike patrol squad members, and ordinary citizens, as well as City Government officials, beginning in July. For further information on the Seoul Bike Bus, and how to apply for the program, please visit the Seoul Metropolitan Governments general bike website at (bike.seoul.go.kr). Meanwhile, on top of the efforts to spread and promote bike commuting, the City Government plans to implement Share the Road, an advanced country-style campaign designed to increase citizens awareness of the shared use of roads by bikes and automobiles. If bikes are taken up as a major means of commuting, starting with the operation of the Seoul Bike Buses, the City Government expects that it will bring diverse benefits, including the long-term resolution of severe traffic jams in city centers, the improvement of air quality, and the advent of a new bike culture.
The Digital Media City, Koreas top high-tech industry cluster, and BioPark, a representative bio industry cluster in the U.S., have joined forces to construct a global bio-industry cooperative network. The Seoul Metropolitan Government signed an MOU on industry-academia cooperation, joint research, and information sharing between DMC and the University of Maryland and BioPark at the DMC High-Tech Industry Center in Sangam-dong, Seoul, at 12 noon, June 8. The agreement calls for the development of joint projects, the holding of symposiums and conferences on research projects, and exchange and cooperation, including the exchange of information on cluster development between the two clusters. With the signing of this MOU with BioPark, the Seoul Metropolitan Government expects that reciprocal cooperation and joint study through exchanges between industrial clusters in Seoul and Maryland will take off in full swing. The City Government also expects that the two sides will seek ways of successfully establishing integrated fusion industry clusters of IT/BT/GT, and that the MOU will serve as a watershed for the vitalization of cooperation at the government level and R&D, as well as paving the way for innovative exchange and cooperation in the bio, information and green technology fields. The Digital Media City, a high-tech digital media and entertainment (M&E) cluster, is being constructed on a 569,925 sq m site in the Sangam district in Seoul.
Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corp. held a swimsuit fashion show to showcase the likely swimsuit trends for 2011, on a special stage under Ogwansugyo at Cheonggyecheon in Cheonggye 6(yuk)-ga, Jung-gu, Seoul at 8 pm on June 4. The three-part event consisted of an opening performance and a fashion show a fashion show held under the theme of Im a Cheonggyecheon Fashion Star Too, designed to enable citizens to experience the thrill of a fashion show catwalk and various events including celebratory performances and photo opportunities with fashion models against a photo wall. The Cheonggyecheon Aquatic Fashion Show is a cultural program where participants can enjoy water, fashion and events at the same time, while contributing to the vitalization of Dongdaemun Fashion Town. From 2008 to last May, more than 300 professional models appeared in a total of 28 shows for a combined audience of over 70,000 people. The 2011 Cheonggyecheon Aquatic Fashion Show takes place from 8 to 9 pm on the first Saturday of every month through October. Another swimsuit fashion show will be held on the first Saturday of July, while a hanbok (traditional Korean costume) fashion show, Opera Gala Show (September), and senior citizens fashion show (October) will also be staged.
The month of June, when hot summer weather starts to sweep the nation, has finally arrived. For citizens seeking to cool off from the summer heat, a wide range of aquatic leisure sports programs at affordable prices can be enjoyed at the five Hangang Parks in Jamsil, Yeouido, Yanghwa, Mangwon, and Jamwon, without having to suffer the inconvenience of making a long trip. At Jamsil Hangang Park, the most representative aquatic leisure sports site on the Hangang, members of the public can enjoy motor boat rides, jet skiing, water skiing, and wake board, as well as banana boat, powerboat or duck boat rides. Citizens can enjoy these aquatic leisure sports at relatively affordable prices, ranging from 10,000 won to 60,000 won. For more detailed information, please dial +82-2-3271-6948. At Yeouido Hangang Park, citizens can enjoy aquatic leisure sports at two sites, including the Seoul Marina, which was opened last April, and the base of Wonhyodaegyo. Visitors can enjoy sailing in yachts of various sizes, including a dinghy yacht for one to three people or a cruiser for up to eight people. For further information, please dial +82-2-3780-8400, or visit www.seoul-marina.com. At Yanghwa Hangang Park, the leisure sports facility sits in a discrete location where visitors can enjoy aquatic sports in a more leisurely fashion. They can also watch the spectacular sight offered by the 202-meter-high World Cup fountain, and beds of beautiful roses. For more information, please dial +82-2-010-6315-4512, or +82-2-010-8770-2427. Mangwon Hangang Park is easily reached by public transport so anyone can enjoy aquatic sports there. For further information, please dial +82-2-337-6663. Jamwon Hangang Park offers a wide variety of leisure equipment and facilities according to various schedules, providing visitors with diverse options. Users of this facility are mostly young people in their 20s and 30s who enjoy the far more dynamic aquatic leisure sports activities on offer there. For further information, please dial +82-2-3442-3313. Nanji Hangang Park is home to the Seoul Canoeing License Testing Center, the only place in Seoul where members of the public can acquire a national license to participate in an aquatic sport. Grade 1 and 2 boating licenses, and yachting licenses can be acquired upon successful completion of training at the center. For further information, please dial +82-2-304-5900, or visit www.sby7.kr. In addition, the Hangangs open-air swimming pools, all of which are equipped with good quality facilities at affordable prices, will open in July, while the Hangang Love Leports Festival, where people can enjoy aquatic leisure and sports free of charge, will be held in August. As such, the Hangang Parks will help citizens to cool off all through summer. * Those seeking counseling in English can also dial the 120 Dasan Call Center at 120.
The Seoul Metropolitan Governments new City Hall, which is slated for completion in May 2012, will be constructed as an eco-friendly landmark that uses the largest volume of renewable energy among all buildings in Korea, including those in the private and public sectors. The City Government is constructing the building, comprising five underground levels and 13 stories for a combined floor space of 71,811 sq. meters on a site covering 12,709 sq. meters, as a Grade 1 energy-efficient building. To transform the City Hall into an energy-saving building, the City Government has focused on the indoor space in the front section on the first floor, and remodeled it into an Eco Plaza. By maximizing the natural heating and cooling effects in this section, the City Government will create the worlds largest indoor Green Wall, which will create a much fresher environment as well as delivering air cleaning and energy saving effects. The City Government aims to create the worlds largest-scale indoor Green Wall, measuring about 2,000 sq. meters on the vertical walls, whose height ranges from about one to seven stories, across the glass walls of the indoor sections of the Eco Plaza, and has designed the facility to help lower indoor temperatures during the summer, and to generate oxygen and negative ions so as to create the freshest possible indoor environment, including air cleaning effects. The indoor green wall, which will be the worlds largest, will be built as an eco-friendly structure, and is expected to become the symbol of the new City Hall.The City Government expects that the creation of a large Eco Plaza will allow it to cut energy consumption by about 55 TOE per year. This is equivalent to 128 TCO2 in terms of carbon dioxide reduction, and will effectively reduce the consumption of energy for heating and air conditioning by about 10.5 percent. Also, the revamped City Hall will obtain 24.5 percent of its energy needs from eco-friendly and renewable energy sources, and will thus use the largest volume of renewable energy among all buildings in Korea.  TOE refers to Ton of Oil Equivalent, and refers to the volume of energy (107 Kcal) generated by burning one ton of oil.
A signature collection campaign was started last December to enable people to express their desire for the Winter Olympics to be held in Korea, along with a survival competition between university student clubs, in order to support the bid to host the 2018 Olympics in Pyeongchang, Gangwon-do, which is making its third bid. The campaign targets 2,018 Koreans and the equivalent number of Asians, as Pyeongchang is seeking to host the Winter Olympic Games in 2018. People from diverse walks of life, including firefighters, policemen, lawyers, teachers, accountants, street cleaners and nurses, participated in the campaign. In addition, many Asians residing in areas with large numbers of foreign residents and Asian workers around the country, including Myeong-dong and Hyehwa-dong in Seoul and Ansan in Gyeonggi-do, took part in the campaign. The campaign also went abroad, including to Nakano, Japan, host city of the 1998 Winter Olympics, and Guangzhou, China, host of the Asian Games in November 2010, and collected signatures from residents in those cities. This project is especially meaningful in that the campaign was supported with donations by goalie Kim Byung-ji, who raised no-goal savings basketball player Chu Seung-gyun, who raised savings for three-point shots volleyball player Moon Sung-min, who raised savings for individual serve aces and soccer star Lee Dong-gook, who raised savings for individual goals. As of now, all the targeted signatures have been collected. Now, the organizers of the event will compile the signatures into a petition and send them, enclosed with carefully handwritten letters by university students, to the IOC members, staff members, and chiefs of various sports organizations and sports stars in different countries.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will team up with Nike to jointly hold the 2011 Womens Race Seoul 7K (http://www.nikewomensrace.co.kr), a seven-km race in which the participants will run from the Peace Plaza in World Cup Park to the turning point in Seoul Citizens Park and back to the plaza, from 2 pm on June 4. Some 6,000 women in their 20s will run in the race, which will serve as an opportunity to promote Seouls beauty to the world. The 2011 Womens Race Seoul 7K is an international running event aimed at encouraging women to pay attention to their health and develop their self-confidence. It is known as a global festival for women. Amid the general lack of events or competitions designed for women, and with few activities available for women in their 20s to enjoy, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has organized this race to raise their awareness of health issues, and to generate the momentum for a new paradigm of festival for the younger generations. Participants will take part in the race clad in orange T-shirts, which are designed symbolize happiness, high expectations, and good fun. As such, an orange-colored human belt interlinking the Peace Plaza, Haneul Park, Hangang Park and Gureumdari will be formed. The seven-km race will be followed by a commemorative concert, which will be held to enable the runners to stretch, relax and recover properly from fatigue amid a beautiful music performance. The Commemorative Concert, to be held at the Peace Plaza in World Cup Park, is open not only to the race participants but also to the general public. The concert will feature a visual art performance, song performances by singer Kim Tae-woo, and a powerful hip-hop performance by Tiger jk  Yoon Mi-rae.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is running diverse programs, in which both foreigners and Korean nationals can take part together, at seventeen foreigner assistance facilities in the City, including the Seoul Global Centers. The Yeonnam Global Village Center, which is located in Yeonnam-dong, Mapo-gu, Seoul, an area with a large ethnic Chinese community, is running a Korean-Foreigner Language Exchange Mentoring program. For further information, please dial (+82-2-6406-8151), send an email to na02com@sba.seoul.kr, or visit the facility. Among the programs for children, the Itaewon Global Village Center in Itaewon, which has a large foreign population composed of diverse nationalities, is operating a regular Korean and Foreign Children Exchange program. The participation fee is set at only 2,000 won per child. To participate, please dial (+82-2-2199-8884), send an email to sarahjang@sba.seoul.kr, or visit the facility and apply. Additionally, the center will operate a volunteer activity program through which foreigners and Korean nationals will have an opportunity to jointly conduct volunteer activities, including scheduled visits to welfare facilities such as the Yongsan-gu Welfare Center for the Disabled on June 10 and Haesimwon on June 27. The Seorae Global Village Center in Banpo-dong, where there is a large French population, has a wide variety of programs for experiencing Korean culture. To participate in the programs, please dial (+82-2-2155-8916) or send an email to seorae@sba.seoul.kr. Diverse lectures and tour programs are also available for foreign migrant workers and multicultural families, who have relatively little time to take care of their children. The Seongdong Migrants Center will offer an Education Session on Game and Internet Addition Prevention for the Children of Migrant Workers on June 22 to help children of migrant worker and multicultural families, while the Yeongdeungpo Global Village Center will take forty children from multicultural families on a tour of the Security Exhibition Hall in Yongsan-gu.
May 31 is World No Tobacco Day, which was designated by the World Health Organization to urge the world to work together to raise awareness of the risks posed by smoking tobacco and to establish an anti-smoking culture. Marking the 24th World No Tobacco Day this year, diverse events will take place at Seoul Plaza to widely publicize the harmful effects of smoking and to promote the importance of non-smoking during the Anti-Smoking Week, which runs from May 31 to June 6. The Korean Association of Smoking and Health coordinated an anti-smoking street campaign at 11 am on May 31, in which participants attended a street parade from Seoul Plaza to Cheonggye Plaza, and distributed promotional fliers, after reciting the Anti-Smoking Declaration. In addition, an anti-smoking clinic will be operated at Seoul Plaza (daily from 10 am to5 pm, starting June 1), where members of the public can have their basic state of health assessed, including blood pressure, weight, and waist measurement, and where smokers can receive counseling on how to cope with withdrawal symptoms and anti-smoking supplements. The Ministry of Health and Welfare will operate a street exhibition of the worlds tobacco packages, anti-smoking policies, tobacco package labels, regulations and overseas cases, as well as introducing the harmful effects of smoking, and a street exhibition hall that will offer in-depth analysis of the harmful substances contained in tobacco. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will conduct an anti-smoking campaign in which it will collect anti-smoking pledges through anti-smoking pledge towers, two each of which were installed in the Seoul, Cheonggye, and Gwanghwamun Plazas, in order to encourage citizens to take part in the campaign on a voluntary basis. The plazas were designated last March as no-smoking areas. The City Government will also crack down on violators of anti-smoking regulations at Seoul, Cheonggye and Gwanghwamun Plazas beginning on June 1. A fine of 100,000 won will be imposed on each violator. The City Government will also mobilize campaign staff  dubbed anti-smoking area guardians  at the Seoul, Cheonggye and Gwanghwamun Plazas, and will continue to educate smokers and prevent them from smoking within no smoking areas in order to mitigate the harm caused by passive smoking within anti-smoking areas.
On May 30 the Seoul Metropolitan Government unveiled the new official uniforms that have been designed to enhance the professionalism of the 117 tour guides who serve as tourism diplomats by providing a high quality interpretation and guidance service to foreign tourists. Currently, 45 tourism guides are working at Tourist Information Centers in Seoul, while 72 others are deployed at Mobile Tourist Information Centers. The new official uniform for the mobile tourism guides has a highly elegant design that highlights their professionalism as high-quality human resources, while maintaining its practicality and utility by taking into consideration the characteristics of their duty as staffers working outdoors and on the move. The Seoul Metropolitan Government expects that the official uniforms will boost the sense of affiliation among tourism guides and instill them with pride, while providing foreign tourists with an image of tidiness and thereby increasing their affection for Seoul. Seoul Metropolitan Government will also install a new Tourist Information Center at the City Air Terminal (Basement Floor 2 of Korail Airport Railroad at Seoul Station) which opened at Seoul Station last December, and operate it from May 30. Currently, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is operating sixteen Tourist Information Centers and eight Mobile Tourist Information Centers at major tourist attractions across the city to introduce Seoul to more than 5,000 tourists.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government signed an agreement with Korea Posts Seoul branch to launch a service that grants a 10 percent discount on the express mail service (EMS) and the EMS premium service to foreign spouses married to Koreans. As the number of foreign spouses married to Koreans has risen markedly over the past three years, the Seoul Metropolitan Government announced that the discount service has been made available to help foreign wives married to Korean men to communicate more easily with their families and friends in their home countries and to settle into Korean society, and to provide mental support by easing their feelings of loneliness. As such, 41,123 foreign people who are married to Koreans, i.e., 0.4 percent of Seouls population, will be able to benefit from fee discounts under the agreement. The 10 percent discount on EMS will be available to foreign spouses married to Koreans if they visit a post office in Seoul with a valid ID (a resident ID or a foreign resident ID) and a certificate of family relations (a resident register certificate that includes the foreign spouse). A photocopy of the certificate can be reused. The service will continue if the level of user satisfaction remains high.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will sign a memorandum of understanding with sina.com, Chinas largest portal site, on May 27, and will conduct far-reaching promotion to increase the Chinese peoples affection for Seoul. Under the MOU, the Seoul Metropolitan Government and sina.com will maintain their marketing partnership for three years from 2009, and will conduct diverse marketing activities to promote Seoul, including a sina.com power blog open competition, Seoul tours, and the production and distribution of contents on Seoul. The Seoul Metropolitan Government and sina.com have invited about forty Chinese power bloggers to Seoul and introduced the Korean capital to them over the past two years. The two sides also plan to hold an online open audition for Chinese power bloggers who are interested in Seoul, and invite them on a Seoul tour this year. After visiting Seoul, the power bloggers produce contents that are closely related with living in Seoul by mobilizing their experience and capacity to access information, rather than by providing unilateral information and rigid media news. Such contents are highly sought after, as they increase the publics affection for Seoul and provide useful information. According to the Korea Tourism Organization, the number of Chinese tourists visiting Seoul in May increased 78.3 percent year on year from 86,392 last year to 154,066 this year. The constant exposure of Seoul contents via sina.coms power blogs is believed to have made a significant contribution to this success. Through the MOU, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has secured an exclusive marketing space without any extra costs through December. As such, the partnership is likely to be considered an exemplary model of low-cost, high-efficiency marketing. * Seoul Metropolitan Governments sina blog: http://blog.sina.com.cn/lm/z/hanguo/
The Rose Garden Festival next to Seoul Zoo, which celebrates its ninth edition this year, will continue to the end of June, presenting a dazzling array of dance performances by performers from all around the world until 10pm each day. This years Rose Festival consists of three main programs comprising a rose exhibition, performances, and a variety of events and experiences.The Flower Rainbow Garden, which has been decorated as a beautiful walkway covering 2,500 sq. meters, will showcase over 30,000 blooming wild flowers of numerous species possessing their own unique beauty, including poppies, paniculata, cornflower, catchfly, phlox, and Spiraea X vanhouttei. As such, this garden offers a mood quite unlike that of the Rose Garden. Beautiful love songs sung by popular singers will continue to resonate around the garden, enhancing the ambiance of the festival of roses, a globally recognized symbol of love and passion. (14:00, 18:00, Saturdays and Sundays) In addition, a Surprise Proposal event, prepared for couples who will marry soon, lovers and friends, will offer visitors more unforgettable memories. People wishing to make a Surprise Proposal can apply for this special event at (http://cafe.naver.com/seoulzoofestival2011.cafe). One couple will be selected each week from among the applicants to make their proposal publicly.
The Sangam Digital Media City (DMC) will be constructed as a Korean version of Hollywood with the advice and assistance of representative Korean movie directors, film producers and movie professionals.On May 25, Seoul Metropolitan Government invited filmmakers, producers and professors from the relevant academic circles as well as movie directors to share their practical advice in order to kick off the construction plan of the Korean version of Hollywood, which is scheduled for completion by 2014.The kick-off meeting, held in a conference room of the DMC High-Tech Industry Center at 2pm on May 25, served as an occasion to announce the launch of the plan to transform the DMC into the Korean version of Hollywood according to the DMC Step 2. Recreation plan drawn up in February 2011. The Seoul Development Institute will conduct research on the feasibility study and the establishment of a basic plan for the construction of the Media Culture Hub Complex until October 2011.In addition, experts in film-related industries agreed to expand the infrastructure, including the Media Cultural Complex, which is designed to make the DMC a media culture hub both in name and reality, and also to develop it as a Mecca of film production, experience, and marketing in Asia, while promoting the hallyu (Korean wave) and functioning as edutainment.Unlike any other closed meetings between the employer and the contractor, the meeting was held to share the opinions of professionals in the relevant industries equipped with practical experience and know-how, and to reflect their ideas in the project along with the needs of customers who will utilize the facilities.With the aid of experts Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to determine the requirements and the applicable points to create the best Korean wave culture content manufacturing base, in terms of specialty and effectiveness, in the northeast.
Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the results of the survey on the operation of and satisfaction with the International Taxi service, which was launched exclusively for foreign tourists two years ago.Since the launch of the International Taxi service in 2009, some 24,000 foreigners (a daily average of 330 users) have used the service for a total 141,994 journeys (daily average of 195 trips). Thus between May 2010 and May 2011, as of the end of the second year of the service, there was a 45.0% (84,036 trips) increase in use of the service compared to the first year (57,958 trips).To launch the International Taxi service, drivers capable of communicating with users in three different languages (English, Japanese, and Chinese) were selected. The service started with 120 International Taxis but has since expanded to 354 cars (as of the end of April 2011).International Taxi drivers are selected through a special screening procedure including a conversation test with a foreigner, a personality test and an interview. Upon successfully completing a training program of over 16 hours, candidates obtain the International Taxi Drivers certificate.So far, some 174 drivers have obtained the certificate as English-speaking drivers, 110 as Japanese speakers and two as Chinese speakers, while 68 drivers can speak more than two languages.The International Taxi service is available via reservation through the call center (+82-2-1644-2255), the website (www.intltaxi.co.kr), and airport information desks (in Incheon and Gimpo).Fares for the International Taxis are divided into three different schemes: meter-based fares which are 20 % more expensive than the general taxi fare a fare scheme for the section between Incheon Airport and downtown Seoul and a sightseeing rental fare scheme. Tourists can choose the fare scheme that best suits their purpose.
Seoul Metropolitan Government has published a shopping guidebook that introduces famous shopping venues all over Seoul, including well-known department stores in downtown Seoul and small shops hidden in alleys, and the hit products of leading cosmetics brands in Korea.The City Government plans to publish 35,000 copies of theSEOUL & SHOPPINGguidebook in English, Japanese and Chinese (in simplified characters) and distribute them free of charge to major shopping venues and tourist destinations including well-known hotels and department stores, duty free shops, tourist attractions, and tourist information centers.TheSEOUL & SHOPPINGguidebook will also serve as a guide which introduces famous shopping places and popular items of products to foreign tourists, and in particular, will provide practical information for tourists who are coming for the Seoul Summer Sale, which starts at the end of June.SEOUL & SHOPPINGintroduces 64 hit products of Korean cosmetics brands, with the focus on Myeong-dong, and also presents popular shopping venues and products in Seoul, including Cheongdam-dong, Apgujeong, Garosu-gil, Hongik University, traditional markets and so on.In addition, it provides interesting and diverse information, combining aspects of modern and traditional Korea and introducing places where people can experience Koreas unique culture and lifestyle.Experts worked together to plan and create theSEOUL & SHOPPINGguidebook as a specialized practical shopping guide in consideration of the increasing numbers of tourists who are coming to Seoul for shopping and beauty treatment.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is receiving submissions for the Seoul International Fashion Contest, which will take place in October. This years Seoul International Fashion Contest will be held under the theme of coexistence. The organizers chose coexistence as the theme in the hope that nature and human beings will be able to coexist harmoniously in 2011, a year in which the world has already suffered a series of natural disasters, including the East Japan Earthquake. Those eligible to participate in the contest include young people aged 18 to 30 of any nationality, who have an interest in fashion. The fashion portfolios to be showcased in a gala show will be chosen through a first-round screening of the candidates design map, and a second round review of their actual fashion work, and will be unveiled to domestic and overseas buyers and media through an exhibition to be held before the gala show. For further information on the contest, please visit the Seoul Business Agencys website at (www.sfc.seoul.kr)Winners of the contest will be awarded prizes by the Seoul Mayor, plus prize money. They will also receive bonus points when applying to enter Seoul Creative Studio. Also, Korean winners in the contest will be offered internships with fashion companies, which should lead to meaningful employment opportunities. The Seoul International Fashion Contest 2011 is conducted as an integral part of the University Fashion Week, which marks its fourth anniversary this year. The University Fashion Week is staged to discover creative designers, promote exchanges between colleges, and provide young designers with employment opportunities by offering a venue for meetings with fashion companies.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold a free Cultural Views 2011 event in a bid to help foreigners living in Seoul better understand Korean cultures and customs, and introduce to them the kinds of practices and activities in Koreans daily lives that can often lead to misunderstandings among foreigners. Starting with the first lecture on May 26, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will offer the lecture series once a month on the topics of shopping, food, transportation, and family customs at Haechi Hall in the Seoul Global Culture and Tourism Center in Myeong-dong by November. The lecture series, entitled Cultural Views 2011: The Whys and Wherefores of Korean Ways, will be organized to allow foreigners to learn about the everyday words and behaviors of Koreans, which foreigners sometimes find hard to understand despite having lived in Korea for a long time, and to teach them practical methods of coping with them. The first lecture, on the theme of Seouls unique shopping facilities and Koreans shopping habits, will be held from 2 pm to 4 pm on May 26. Notably, this lecture will showcase Koreans routine way of life, and give detailed explanations of cultural characteristics which could easily lead to misunderstandings among foreigners who are unaware of them. Participants will have a chance to learn what the sophisticated hand gestures of parking guides and assistants at Korean department stores mean, and whether Koreans dont apologize even after accidently bumping into a stranger or stepping on a strangers toes but fail to apologize because Koreans are ill-mannered. Any foreigners wishing to learn about everyday Korean cultures, as well as Koreans who are interested in cultural exchange with foreigners, may attend the lectures. Those interested are requested to call (+82-2-3789-7961) or send an email to (seoulcenter@seoulwelcome.com) before the lectures, or to apply in person at the Seoul Global Culture and Tourism Center in Myeong-dong, where the lectures will take place.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the 2011 Seoul Plaza Performances  free programs consisting of diverse genres of the performing arts, including operas, musicals, classical and traditional Korean music recitals, and performing art  two to three times a week at the Art Fence Standing Stage at Seoul Plaza from May 24 to late September. The first event at Seoul Plaza was the Classical Music Opening Concert held from 7:30 pm to 9:10 pm on May 24. The Seoul Orchestra, composed of young performers who cultivated their skills in various countries around the worldwide, including the U.S., Europe and Russia, performed jointly with tenor Gang Mu-rim and flautist Kim Hui-suk at the concert, which was moderated by mezzo soprano Kim Min-a, the emcee for the 2011 Culture and Art in Seoul Plaza. The one-hundred-minute-long show, which is packed with outstanding performances that are usually hard to catch, will also continue to be staged. The repertoire includes operas, classical ballets, and musicals, all of which are sure to draw keen attention from the public. Currently, discussions are under way with the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts and professional art troupes on the works to be performed. Operas and Korean classical operas will be staged during July and August, while the full range of musicals will be presented to audiences in September. Audiences will also have a chance to meet with entertainers-turned-soldiers who are currently serving out their compulsory military service, and who were hard to see in ordinary times. In collaboration with the Defense Media Agency, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold another Seoul Plaza Dream Concert featuring entertainer-soldiers in 2011, after the one held in 2010. An open broadcast show of Friends FM of the military broadcaster will be moderated by Boom (Lee Min-ho) and Yang Se-chan on May 28 and June 17. The show will feature the actors Lee Jun-ki and Lee Dong-kun, and the singers Dynamic Duo (Choi Jae-ho and Lee Yun-seong), Andy (Lee Seon-ho), Epik High (Choi Jin and Kim Jeong-sik), and Park Hyo-shin. For further information on the performances and the submission of registration, please visit the Culture and Art in Seoul Plaza website (http://www.casp.or.kr)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will team up with Korean Air to conduct a 2011 Joint Overseas Marketing campaign in a bid to increase awareness of their respective brands and create synergistic marketing effects. First, the City Government will collaborate with Korean Airs overseas branches and various tour agencies to develop Seoul Tour products that highlight Seouls unique character and to reflect the abundance of extraordinary sights to see in the city. Based on data on overseas tour demand gathered through Korean Airs overseas branches, the Seoul Metropolitan Government and Korean Air will together develop regionally customized tour products, including a Seoul Tour with Famed Disc Jockeys and a special Summer Vacation Seoul Tour. Second, the two partners will distribute various promotional materials, including a brochure of Seoul City designed to introduce the countless charms of the Korean capital to the world, via Korean Airs 86 branches. The newly published brochure to be distributed worldwide consists of a collection of photos of Seouls most attractive hotspots, which were taken by the famed photographer Jodi Cobb of National Geographic. More than 10,000 copies of this publication will be distributed to Korean Air customers who visit the airlines overseas branches. Finally, the City Government and Korean Air will jointly publish a coupon book S Book  Seoul City Guidebook targeting Japan and China, the largest markets for Seoul tours, and will step up their efforts to attract more tourists. The new S Book  Seoul City Guidebook contains diverse information on Seoul as well as discount coupons, which visitors can freely use at various sites throughout the City, enabling them to maximize their fun and enjoy shopping and dining more conveniently.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced a tourist bus parking plan which calls for a more than doubling of the number of parking spaces for tourist buses in downtown areas, in preparation for visits by both domestic and foreign tourists during the upcoming peak tourism season, and has secured an additional 138 parking spots in street sides, parking lots, and time-based parking sections this year. The City Government has been devising a Seoul City tourist bus parking plan as well as pushing for various measures to increase the limited number of parking spaces for tourist buses in the city center and ensure their use, including the addition of 55 parking spots the regular holding of taskforce meetings to widely utilize parking lots for tourist buses the securing of time-based parking spaces guidance and crackdown on tourist bus parking and the provision of parking information. The City Government has secured 55 parking spots in five tourist bus parking lots, including off-street parking in Jeokseon-dong, and 83 spots in time-based street-side parking lots, thus creating a combined total of 138 extra spots this year (as of late May). The City Government has completed a review of parking rates with a view to giving discounts for tourist bus parking lots, will announce a legislation plan in June, and will start providing discounts beginning in the second half by revising its executive ordinances. The City Government provides a parking information and guidance service for tourist buses via the Topis website (topis.seoul.go.kr), and the Seoul Transport Operation and International Services mobile web (m.topis.seoul.go.kr). From July, the City Government will also provide real-time information on the number of parking spots (when more than ten spots are available), and various other kinds of parking information via the 25 VMS across the city.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will conduct a marketing campaign to promote Seoul City during the 17th ASSITEJ World Congress and the International Performing Arts Festival for Young Audiences 2011, to be held concurrently in Malmo, Sweden and Copenhagen, Denmark for ten days from May 20 to 29. The ASSITEJ, or the International Association of Theatre for Children and Young People, is a non-governmental organization that was established in Paris in 1965. More than 70 countries worldwide voluntarily participate in the association, which has more than 3,000 members, including children and young peoples performing groups and artists. ASSITEJs performance of The Story of Dallae will represent Korea at the 17th the ASSITEJ World Congress, where a total of 47 cultural and art performances from 25 countries will be staged for more than 50,000 audience members and visitors. The puppet show The Story of Dallae will be staged at the Malmo Citizens Theater in Sweden on six occasions for 1,800 audience members for three days from May 21. The Copenhagen Music Theater in Denmark will feature Seoul Madang, created as an experience space, where visitors can see, hear, taste and feel for six days from May 21. The event will be presented to over 2,000 people from around the world. Seoul Madang consists of a showcase and a traditional performance show, with the former comprising daily performances of a magic show, a book performance, and a wooden doll concert, and the latter performances of Korean traditional musical instruments, including the taepyeongso and the seoljanggu, as well as a Bongsan Talchum (Traditional Mask Dance). 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will publish the Cartoon guidebook of Seoul  Changgyeonggung, a collection of interesting stories about a royal palace that has hitherto only featured in history books. The Cartoon guidebook of Seoul is a new concept of tourism guidebook designed not only to introduce Seouls palaces, the most beautiful cultural legacies of the Korean capital, to both domestic and foreign tourists in an easy-to-understand and enjoyable format, but also to give the comic book format a novel utilitarian value. The episode on Changgyeonggung is the third issue in the series after the episodes on Gyeongbokgung (2009) and Deoksugung (2010). With more than 30,000 copies of the two previous issues published and distributed, a growing number of citizens have inquired about the next issue and the distribution of additional copies, revealing keen interest in the publication. Changgyeonggung, the theme of the latest issue in the guidebook series and a palace with countless stories to tell, served as the center stage of Koreas dynamic history after the neighboring Changdeokgung became the legal palace of the Joseon Dynasty following the Japanese invasion of 1592-98. It is also known as the palace of filial piety as the legacies of the Joseon kings practice of filial piety are enshrined here for eternity. Cartoonist Kim Hyeong-bae, famous for his flagship comic Robot Taekwon V, a representative Korean comic book, has participated in the drawing of the new comic guidebook, attracting keen attention from the public. The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to publish 20,000 copies of the English and Korean versions of the Cartoon guidebook of Seoul  Changgyeonggung, and to distribute them to numerous organizations, domestic and foreign tourists free of charge. The City Government will also post the comic on its Website to allow as many citizens as possible to enjoy it.
In a bid to discover competitive, high-quality, domestic and foreign creative works, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is receiving applications for comprehensive support for the entire process of movie planning to production from May 17 to June 13.The types of movie projects to be selected include excellent movies filmed with Seoul as the background, global joint production projects, and independent movies filmed with Seoul as the background. Among the 18 works up for selection are nine quality movies filmed with Seoul as the background, five movies produced through global joint production projects, and four independent films filmed with Seoul as the background. The selected movies will receive one-stop assistance for the various phases of movie-making, encompassing filming, production, and marketing, in line with the General Program for the Promotion of Excellent Visual Artworks. They will enjoy generous benefits, including the use of creative production spaces, grants for planning and development costs, assistance with the search for shooting locations, administrative support, and grants for production costs. The General Program for the Promotion of Excellent Visual Artworks, introduced for the first time this year, is significant in that it integrates the various assistance programs that were operated according to the different phases of movie production into a single assistance program, thereby providing comprehensive support to the selected projects, in a shift of program intended to focus on those who need assistance. The program for supporting independent films produced with Seoul as the background, which marks its fourth anniversary this year, provides up to 30 million won per feature-length movie and up to 10 million won per short movie. It also provides four feature-length movies with the right to work in a movie production space. For further details of the programs, please visit the Seoul Metropolitan Governments website (www.seoul.go.kr) or the Seoul Films Committee (www.seoulfc.or.kr).
