Just as the cool breezes of autumn come softly wafting in, festivals are coming to life and roaring all over Seoul. The Seoul Metropolitan Government owes all of this excitement to the Hi Seoul Festival running from the eve of the festivals launch on Oct. 1 to Oct. 10.The streets have become mobile stage venues, while the city has become a living drama. This years festival boasts about 70 performance groups, including 31 Korean troupes, with the remaining featured groups originating from 12 different countries such as France, Australia and Spain.This years event, featuring about 200 performances, is as diverse in genre as one has come to expect from this festival. Performances range from those by street artists to freelance performers to amateurs and more.Non-verbal performances from all over the globe have gathered in Seoul to delight festival goers. Come explore the Hi Seoul Festival and experience its humanity that reaches out to all from beyond the boundaries of language and race.* For more information :http://english.seoul.go.kr/cav/ena/hiseoul.php?pidx=2
Four research centers including Carnegie Mellon University Entertainment Technology Center coming to Korea Four research centers, including Carnegie Mellon Universitys Entertainment Technology Center, IT & Software Engineering Center,  Industrial Design Center, and  Architecture Engineering Center are moving into DMC (Digital Media City) at Sangam, Seoul.These four research centers are going to move into Carnegie Mellon Tower, which will be ready in 2014. This Carnegie Mellon Tower will be a part of the CJ IT Research institute. Various game developing companies including CJ Internet Corporation will collaborate for research on games with Carnegie Mellon University researchers. At the same time, Carnegie Mellon University will offer graduate school and professional courses in  entertainment (music, game, graphic, and special effects),  information technology,  design, and  architecture engineering.Carnegie Mellon University Entertainment Technology Center cultivates talents through project-based education, rather than through traditional curriculum based lectures, as it offers education that is a merge between pure art and information technology. This unique format was the output of prominent professor Randolph Frederick Pausch, who is famous for his The Last Lecture and Don Marinelli, a drama professor.The Entertainment Technology Center is working with global entertainment companies, such as Pixar and DreamWorks, on various research and projects. The majority of its graduates also work at Disney or Electronic Arts, a game development company, producing phenomenal outputs that merge design and technology.Professor Don Marinelli, who currently is the Head of the Entertainment Technology Center, visited Seoul this August to review where the new research center will be in Korea. He commented that Recently Korea has been the leader in interactive entertainment. I want to make the Entertainment Technology Center in DMC to be the Asian Headquarters for entertainment. Moreover, IT & Software Engineering Center (the next generation for digital technology related areas), Industrial Design Center (the total research institute for product design and manufacturing technology), and Architecture Engineering Center (the future answer for energy efficiency and building collaboration technology) are moving in as well.Various education and field study opportunities will be given to companies moving into DMC, people in related fields, and CEOs.More than twenty thousand people are working at DMC in Sangam dong as more than 270 companies in broadcasting, movie/animation, game, and IT including KBS media, Pantech, LG U+, LG CNS have moved in since May 2002. Other local major media companies and entertainment companies plan to move in from 2015. DMC is going to be home for about 880 companies with more than sixty eight thousand employees. Seoul City commented that the opening of the Carnegie Mellon University Entertainment Technology Center on top of the Bell Research Center (US) last December and the Russian SOI and IPTI this May in Seoul is going to boost Seouls growth as a global cutting edge industrial cluster of research institutes.
It is not yet widely recognized, but to dramatists all over the world, the Theatre Olympics, which kicked off on Sept. 24, is one of the most exciting and anticipated celebrations. Seoul is honored to be hosting the global festival this time around, making it the fifth country to host the Theatre Olympics, after Greece, Japan, Russia and Turkey, the Seoul Metropolitan Government said.Forty-eight theatrical works from thirteen Theatre Olympics member countries, including Korea, are showing until Nov. 7 under the theme Sarang: Love and Humanity. Organizers say that some of the performances could be challenging to the general public, but they stress that a handful of good plays can be enjoyed  and at affordable rates.hat to see at the 2010 Seoul Theatre OlympicsThe 2010 Seoul Theatre Olympics, representing thirteen countries features six works by international Drama Olympics committee members, seven invited works from abroad, four invited works from Korea, nine selected public plays, and two freelance works. With the cooperation of D.FESTA, a festival of small theaters in the Daehakno area, Seouls Mecca of the arts and drama, organizers say the number of featured works totals 48.The dramatic works worthy of attention are Thomas Ostermeiers Hamlet, Silent Party from Iran, and Lust, Caution from China.Others to take notice are When Our Dead Awake, an award-winning work from the Edinburgh Festival, Giorgio B. Corsettis A Letter to Young Actors, and The Story of Ronald, McDonalds Clown. Korean theatrical works worth viewing are Dummy Bride by Lee Yoon-taek, Waiting for Godot, and the joint Japan-Korea work Dressing Room + Chun-Pungs Wife, and Macbeth Below the Equator, a Korean reinterpretation of Shakespeares play.New and experimental theatrical performances may also be worth exploring. Some of these include A Skylight, esteemed for the impassioned performance of Baek Sung-hee and Kwon Sung-deok the performance of Anton Chekhovs The Seagull in celebration of the 150th anniversary of the Russian dramatists birth Bleak, a joint French project and The Housemaid, one of the most popular Korean films launched in 2009.Some of the freelance work worth viewing includes Shoot My Heart by Kim Kwang-bo, and Playing in Between A Bit of Fun, which represents Korean traditional culture sublimated into a play by Yang Hye-sook.Finding a bargainTickets for the 2010 Seoul Theatre Olympics can be reserved through Interpark (1544-1555) and Sarang Ticket (02-762-4242). Prices differ by the play and seat, but it generally costs 30,000 won to view foreign performances and 20,000 won for Korean works.If one considers that these plays are the work of world-renowned dramatists, the prices are fairly reasonable.You may want to consider purchasing the Fall Love Card. This card, which can be purchased through Interpark, is a joint membership card for the medley of performances on show at the World National Theater Festival, Seoul International Performance and Arts Festival, and D.FESTA. This membership card gives subscribers the privilege of receiving up to a 30-percent discount.Packages provided by the Seoul Theatre Olympics offer the chance to attend a few more good performances. There are three packages available. The first is a package of the worlds leading dramatic works, such as Dionysus, Letters to Young Actors, The Story of Ronald, McDonalds Clown, AJAX, and When the Dead Awake. This package entitles subscribers to receive a 40 percent discount on tickets.The second package features a 33-percent discount on works based on the classics like Faust, Silent Party, and Macbeth. The Silent Party, created with the motifs found in Neil Simons The Good Doctor, is worth seeing, as it has received outstanding reviews as one of the best multimedia theatrical works by the International Theatre Critics Association.Another alternative is the new productions package. Those interested in the ultra-modern can enjoy up to three new theatrical performances for a 33-percent discount to a total of 60,000 won. Some of these works include Orpheus in the Metro, a combined creation of a Latin-American and a Greek piece, and the 2010 Red Rose, White Rose of Chinese origin, and Amarillo, an exploration of the virtual world.
Seoul is proud to be Asias first city to launch a localized edition of Britains premium travel guide, Stylecity, published by Thames & Hudson. Stylecity has sold more than 500,000 volumes since its launch in 2003 in 11 cities that boast a unique culture, character, and exciting travel activities. Some of these cities are London, Paris, New York, and Rome. Seoul is the first Asian city to join this exclusive club.A magazine with tradition and class: an insight to the citys streets, accommodations, food, and shopping.The premier Stylecity Seoul edition carries the must-see sights that were selected by British travel writer Martin Zatko during his two-month visit to Seoul.Six areas around Seoul have been singled out to highlight unique sights worthy of attention, each supplemented with photos and an attractive presentation. Each section is organized into sleep, eat, drink, shop and retreat.*Samcheong-dong  Bukchon  Buam-dong  Seongbuk-dong *Apgujeong  Cheongdam-dong  Garosugil * Itaewon  Hannam-dong  Huam-dongSeouls most outstanding character: coexistence of modern facilities and the renaissance of its traditional culture.Martin Zatko came to the conclusion that Seouls most distinctive characteristic is the coexistence of modern facilities engineered by the countrys rapid economic development and the renaissance of its traditional culture. Unlike a standard guidebook, this publication focuses on style as it offers insight to hotels based on the latest trends and restaurants. When introducing restaurants, for instance, the guide not only offers basic information like the taste and prices, it also provides detailed and alluring descriptions of the overall ambiance and expected experience.Zatko says the Apgujeong  Cheongdam-dong  Garosugil area stands out as non-Korean, as it is plush with the latest global designs and internationally renowned high-end restaurants.On the other hand, Zatko introduces the Samcheong-dong  Bukchon  Buam-dong  Seongbuk-dong area as being the citys artistic nexus where its traditional beauty is represented by the stylish cafes, restaurants, and art galleries.The fact that Seoul is Asias first city to become a member of Stylecity is evidence that our city is receiving recognition as a global tourist destination, Seoul City said. We plan to continually encourage the publication of the Seoul edition as it is an opportunity for the city to expand the awareness of its style and allure across Europe and North America, and not just across Asia, where the Korean Wave has already allowed Seoul to captivate this demographic.Seoul City said it looks forward to Stylecity Seoul improving the citys international image and, thanks to the globally recognized distribution network of Thames & Hudson, effectively promoting its appeal as a premium tourist destination to world-class cultural intellects.
Seoul City and the Korean National Commission for UNESCO sing an MOU Seoul City and the Korean National Commission for UNESCO officially announced the logo for Seoul as a UNESCO Creative City of Design and signed an MOU. Through this partnership, Seoul City and the Korean National Commission for UNESCO will collaborate to develop Cultural Creativity through  the rearing of creative talents  expanding ways for people to participate in cultural creativity building activities enforcing the design creativity industry  diversifying cultural variety, and  finding other businesses for collaboration.Prior to this partnership being struck, the UNESCO headquarters in Paris selected Seoul City as a UNESCO Creative City of Design this July 20.UNESCO has selected twenty-five cities since 2004 on the basis of their respective merits in seven areas (design, culture, music, crafts, media art, food, and movie).Seoul City is the eighth city to have been selected as a Creative City of Design along with Buenos Aires, Berlin, Montreal, Nagoya, Kobe, Shenzhen and Shanghai. Seouls brand value as a city will make the top 20 brands in less than five years As Seoul City was selected to be a Creative City of Design by UNESCO, its brand value will make the top twenty list of city brands in less than five years. At present, Seoul lies in thirty-third place. Moreover, it has been estimated that the economic value of the city will increase to ten trillion won from six trillion won, and more than twenty five thousand jobs will be created.Previously selected . Creative Cities of Design experienced similar boosts. Berlin, following its selection in 2005, was able to increase its creative industry sales by 3.5% and number of design companies by 7%. Also, Montreal has experienced a 750 million dollar effect per year since being selected in 2006.Shenzhen, which was selected in 2008, is showing prominent growth as well. Its design industry has shown drastic growth with the addition of some six thousand design related companies since its selection. This has resulted in the creation of more than one hundred thousand jobs and a 1.54 trillion dollar per annum income.Using the UNESCO logo for domestic and international marketing purposesWhat is more, along with its selection as a Creative City of Design, Seoul City will now be able to use UNESCOs brand and logo indefinitely.Seoul City announced that it intends to use the UNESCO logo extensively on public properties and businesses along with domestic and international public relation materials to strengthen the brand value of the city.In particular, the city plans to incorporate the UNESCO logo on its design assets that have 600 years of tradition in a bid to attract more tourists and build its image as a leading creative and cultural city.
The winners of the Seoul International Design Competition 2010 have been selected, the Seoul Metropolitan Government said.The Gold Haechi award jointly went to three Hoseo University students  Doh Yong-gu, Hong Suk-hoon, and Suh Eun-ha  for their work titled Hot Liner. The silver prize went to Cho Yu-jin, a student from Seoul Womens University, and the third bronze prize went to Liming Hsing from China.We have seen an increase in the number of overseas participants this year, while the selection process was difficult because the quality of the entries didnt fall short of global entry standards, the evaluation committee said.The winning works have been on show since Sept. 17 at the Seoul Design 2010 Fair.Three Hoseo University students majoring in industrial design program  Doh Yong-gu, Hong Suk-hoon, and Suh Eun-ha created a work that the judging committee hails as hot. This team received the gold prize for their creation of a solar cooker device named Hot Liner.This machine transforms solar energy into cooking heat. The heat can be raised or a big dish can be raised by connecting two or more belts. The Hot Liner is made of a flexible battery and a solar panel. Heat is created only with the plate and the point of contact with the hot wire.What would it be like to use the sunlight beaming through the window as a source of energy? The second silver prize went to the work titled Put Full of Light into Windows created by Cho Yu-jin, Lee Yu-jin, and Kim Joon-sae. This work creates energy through the connections of various plugs with gathered sunlight emitted through the window. The judging committee said this device could be safely used at home and has high practical merits.The other silver-prize winner went to Oksana Bazanova from Russia for her creation of a device that could be used on the subway. She proposed setting up a wind gauge on the subway platform, which would trigger a color change or a statement to signal that the subway train is about to arrive at the platform or has stopped at the station. This invention was lauded for conserving energy and thus contributing to promoting a pleasant city atmosphere.A guide tape for the blind also took home the silver prize. The recipient, Han Kook-il, said the tape with messages and symbols serving to guide the visually impaired could provide information on a particular product or venue. This device allows the blind to share any desired message by simply cutting the tape. The protruded part can be pressed to express the desired message.This bronze-winning prize by Liming Hsing from China was inspired by the wish to prevent careless traffic accidents, which Hsing says most likely stem from the pedestrians psychology. As a result, Hsings creation encourages pedestrians to be more cautious when waiting to cross the street. The work called for changing the design of the standard traffic signpost. For instance, Hsings traffic signpost features a graphic image directing the pedestrian to look right and left for on-coming vehicles to prevent children from carelessly jumping onto the street. According to the judges, such slight design change could go a long way in preventing accidents and promoting a more leisurely and safe lifestyle.Another bronze-winning work  Live with the Birds  has brought to life a design fostered from the thought: Where do the city birds live? University students Lee Jung-hoon, Kim Jung-eun, and Lee Hyun-min together manifested the lofty thought through a design that harmonizes human beings and nature. Their prize-winning idea was to allocate a special space for birds to build their nests when constructing new apartments in the city.Another bronze-winning work was the proposal to use wind energy hidden underground. The idea shows promise, the judges said, because it calls for maximizing the use of the wind tunnels existing in cities with a sound subway infrastructure. The principle involves converting the wind energy created with the passing of the subway train into electricity. The generated electricity can then be used to power the equipment and facilities operated on the ground.People use many types of tools throughout their lifetime. If these were condensed into one tool, this would not only save storage space but also raise its level of application. This invention, created with the collaboration of the designer from Spain allows for the object to be interchangeably used as a tissue box and waste bin. This multi-purpose design can be used conveniently in the office or at home.Another bronze-winning work involves an empty cola bottle. Yuchen Liu from China designed a pencil sharpener combined with a cola bottle, which allows for the sharpened pencil remnants to fall and be stored in the bottle.This last recipient won recognition for developing a portable scale that can be attached and detached to a carry-on bag. This digital scale is aimed at allowing travelers to weigh their bags at their convenience to ensure they dont go over the limit. 
Seoulites arent immune from getting all frazzled trying to figure out how to tour Seoul. So how much more trying would it be for first-time visitors to find travel information and actually tour around the nations capital? Now, however, traveling around Seoul has never been easier, even for those traveling alone! iTour Seoul has come to the rescue to relieve all your travel anxieties!iTour Seoul provides speed and convenienceiTour Seoul is an Internet and mobile Web service designed to help tourists from home and abroad enjoy the city in a more efficient and convenient way. Important travel information can be found on the homepage www.visitseoul.net and through the mobile Web at m.visitseoul.net.Lets set off on a tour with iTour Seoul!All you need to know with iTour Seoul (www.visitseoul.net)Seoul Citys official home page, iTour Seoul (www.visitseoul.net), carries all of the important travel information on Koreas capital. It is a handy reference for every celebrated tour sight, popular restaurant, accommodation, and other key tourist concerns. The site offers compact yet detailed information, along with photos, of all the popular sights in every corner of Seoul.For an even more comfortable journey, iTour Seoul provides an online reservation service for accommodations, performances and movies. It has garnered an explosive response from foreigners as the countrys first service to allow foreigners to reserve performance tickets, as well as choose a venue and seat, and pay on credit.Those who want to plan their own trips need only access the Trip Planner service on iTour Seoul. The service allows individuals to tailor their tours according to their needs, a process which also results in the creation of a personal guide map.All the information offered on iTour Seoul can also be conveniently accessed anytime and anywhere through the mobile Web service (m.visitseoull.net).Free iTour Seoul application download for smartphone usersiTour Seoul is currently offering a free download of its application software that opens doors to information on famous tourist destinations, popular restaurants and hotels.Not only will users enjoy access to a wealth of recommendations, but they can also seek information on the best travel routes, using public transportation or a private vehicle, from their current place of destination. The service is available in five languages.The iTour Seoul application software can be used with iPhone, Android phone, and Windows Mobile. Foreigners can rent such phones containing the Seoul City software upon their arrival at Incheon International Airport, Gimpo International Airport or the City, Airport, Logis & Travel center.Forget about heavy and bulky guide books! Traveling around Koreas capital is now a breeze thanks to the sense of fun and adventure provided by iTour Seoul.
The inaugural assembly of the World e-Governments Organization of Cities and Local Governments (WEGO) was held in Seoul on September 7. For the first time in the world, Seoul as a local government led the establishment of an IT-related international organization. Under the theme of e-Sharing for All, the inaugural assembly provided the opportunity to reinforce Koreas position as an IT powerhouse of the world.Mayor Oh Se-Hoon, the first chairman of WEGO, said in his opening address that e-Governance has become a core value which most cities in the world pursue, and he expects that IT will bring about mutual prosperity of cities and local governments by helping them share information and cooperate with each other. Moreover, he added that he is convinced that WEGO will lay the groundwork for mutual prosperity and better future for all participating cities.The 50 participating cities including Seoul voted for the regulations of WEGO and elected the first chairperson and vice chairperson, establishing the foundation of the organization.The inaugural assembly of WEGO is a meaningful achievement for world cities, and is significant that Seoul took the lead of its launch. Seoul city held the World e-Government Mayors Forum in July 2008, and then the Seoul e-Government Declaration was adopted by mayors and representatives from 33 cities around the world. Seoul hosted the World Cities CIO Forum in 2009, and launched the inaugural assembly preparation committee in June 2009.
Seoul Mayor, Oh Se-hoon welcomed everyone to the 2010 Seoul Design Fair opening on September 17. More than 1,500 people gathered at Jamsil Seoul Stadium to celebrate the opening of the twenty-one day festival.Mayor Oh expressed his belief that this Seoul Design Fair will entertain various international tourists, as the number of participating companies doubled this year compared to last year, and the number of programs increased as well.This Seoul Design Fair is designed to encourage visitor interaction. For example, a Green Performance took place at the opening. Visitors actively participated in the Green Performance, which consisted of an orchestra performance using instruments made out of recycled materials, called the Ping-pang-pong Gala, and a childrens choir performance.In particular, one thousand people who applied for participation online in advance were invited to the opening. These thousand people sent messages using smart phones at the opening ceremony, and these messages were displayed on the large screen.This Seoul Design Fair is taking place at Jamsil Sports Complex and four design clusters (Hongik University at Mapo, DDP at Dongdaemoon, Sinsa at Gangnam, and Digital complex at Guro) until October 7. Various programs to let visitors see, feel, and experience art are waiting for  children, who will see design that helps build creativity  women, who will see design incorporated in everyday life  designers and students, who will share knowledge and communicate through design and  disadvantaged people, who will experience design that cares for others. Related Articles : http://english.seoul.go.kr/cav/ena/sdf2010.php
Hi Seoul Festival is a seasonal cultural festival that has been held four times a year in Seoul since 2003. Under the slogan of Gesture of Seoul and Gesture of the World, the upcoming festival will be held in areas around Hangang parks from October 1 to 10, 2010. As we can see from its slogan, nonverbal performances will be the main content of this years festival. In addition, the festival adds more value in that it encourages citizen participation and sharing. It will be the worlds largest nonverbal arts festival, transcending barriers of race, language, generation and culture.Performers from 13 countries will stage more than 400 showsIf you think that there cannot be very many types of performances in the nonverbal genre, you will be surprised. In the Hi Seoul Festival, more than 400 performances will be staged by 70 groups from 13 countries and also some citizen participants.There are various nonverbal genres such as street performances, puppet shows, pantomime, musical performances and circus. At the Hi Seoul Festival, you can pick and choose a variety of quality programs.In addition, renowned music director, In Jae-jin, will turn Seonyudo into an island of music under the title of Jazz in Seonyudo. Twelve next generation visual artists will put their installation works on exhibition, entitled Osaekchanran, which means colorful and brilliant in English.Especially, this years Hi Seoul Festival will infuse an air of festivity throughout the whole city by linking about 20 other cultural events in the country such as Jeonju International Sori Festival, Andong Maskdance Festival, Seoul Performing Arts Festival, Seoul Design Fair and Seoul Theater Olympics.This years festival will not be confined to downtown Seoul. Yeouido, Seonyudo and Hangang will also become venues for the festivalSo far Hi Seoul Festival has been confined to downtown Seoul, but this year it will spread to the Hangang area.Especially, Yeouido Hangang park will be the main venue for the festival.In the Big Top Village, a variety of performances and experience programs will be presented. For the 9 days, the exciting performances are expected to attract many citizens.The famous art firework group, Group F, will embroider the skies of Yeouido on the eve of the festival (8 p.m. on October 1) and at the opening ceremony (7:30 p.m. on October 2).Group F is famous for its creativity and artistry, and took charge of many important international events including the 2006 Torino Winter Olympic Games and in 2009, the 120th anniversary of the Eiffel Tower.On the last day of the festival, many world street performance groups and about 1,000 citizens will march down the car-free Jamsugyo under the title of World Street Performance Parade.Citizen participation and sharing will be the keywords of this years festivalThis years festival will be worth notice in that it will expand the opportunity of citizen participation and sharing.A citizen participation program titled, You! will turn ordinary citizens into artists in the festival. More than 2,000 citizens will participate in the 10 categories of the program including the performance, Mobile Homme in which about 500 citizens will make percussion beats resounding though Hangang.The festival will also provide the opportunity of sharing through Eco Market for the Beautiful Foundation and Good Buy campaign for Good Neighbors. Pop artist, Nancy Lang, participated as design creative director in the production of T-shirts commemorating the festival, and the T-shirts will be on sale and its proceeds will go to charity.There will be many on-line giveaway events using various channels including the festivals website, blogs, twitter and facebook from August 30 to October 15.Citizens will be able to see many performances of the worlds renowned artists presented in the entire city for free. Detailed information is available on the official website of the festival (www.hiseoulfest.org).
Seoul ranked third in terms of human resources in tourism industry, and fifth in urbanization.&Has Seoul become a popular tourist destination? What is it about Seoul that is appealing to international tourists? The results of a survey released in August answer these questions.Seoul city and the World Tourism Organization (UNWTO) developed and conducted the Travel and Tourism Competitiveness Index (TTCI). Seoul ranked fifth in this index following Tokyo, Sydney, Singapore and Beijing. The survey conducted of 12 major tourist destinations across the Asia-Pacific region including Seoul, Hong Kong, Beijing, Shanghai, Tokyo, Osaka, Singapore, Sydney, Bangkok, Manila, Kuala Lumpur and Auckland. The survey results show that Seouls tourism competitiveness is fairly high. It ranked third in human resources, fifth in urbanization and sixth in tourism business environment and tourism governance. Seoul topped the list in terms of information connection, hygiene, water quality and city tour websitesThe TTCI is comprised of 61 indicators in six different criteria such as tourism business environment and infrastructure, business value, urbanization, tourism governance, knowledge resources and human resources. These indicators include the number of hotel rooms, convenience of location, number of World Heritage sites, airport fees, information connection, hygiene, CO2 emissions, overseas media exposure, number of smart phone applications, urban tourism websites and public services.Among these indicators, Seoul ranked first in information connection, hygiene, urban tourism websites and water quality. Especially, in terms of urban tourism websites, Seouls score (7.00) was far higher than that of Hong Kong (4.57) which ranked second. Seoul placed third in terms of capacity of sports stadiums, number of ATMs accepting visa cards, and public services, and ninth in terms of number of hotel rooms, shopping environment, number of convention facilities, real economic growth rate, city marketing and its brand effect. The city placed tenth in overseas media exposure, and eleventh in government expenditures in tourism. However, it ranked the lowest in price of fuel.A city official said, The Seoul Metropolitan Government needs to focus on building tourism infrastructure and governance to survive fierce competition in the world tourism markets and develop itself into an international tourist destination.Seoul will continue to implement a policy of lowering lodging expenses.Seoul city is planning to strengthen its weak points as noted by this survey. In an attempt to do this, Seoul will continue to implement its policy of lowering lodging charges, and develop marketing strategies targeting various markets. In addition, it will nurture tourism experts and create more jobs in the tourism industry.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon wrapped up the three-day Seoul International Symposium on Waterworks 2010 on Friday with a promising outlook on the citys water quality, Seoul City said. An estimated 800 experts in the waterworks field from around the world gathered in the nations capital on Sept. 1 for in-depth discussions on policies and green technologies to cope with climate change. John Batten, chair of the International Council of the American Water Works Association, and Hiroaki Tanaka, environment quality professor of Kyoto University, were among the participants.Mayor Oh in his welcoming speech said the city has been making various efforts to advance the quality of Seouls tap water, referred to as Arisu, to good-tasting and healthy from simply clean and safe.He also said that he looked forward to the symposium which provides a key opportunity for exchanging views on providing clean water and the challenges facing humanity.Recognized efforts taken by the Seoul Metropolitan Government include sharing relevant information authorized by the World Health Organization, operating a 24-hour automatic monitoring system for Seouls tap water called Water-Now System, running free water-quality inspections through the Arisu Quality Confirmation System, developing waterworks technologies, and using solar energy and hydroelectric power.Seoul City received the UN Public Administration Service Award last year for its efforts on the Water-Now System and the Arisu Quality Confirmation System. This year, the nations capital received an international award as a top institution of the year and a water industry innovation award from the International Water Association.
The IDEA/Brazil Awards, a coveted international design competition in South America, recognized the accomplishments of Design Seoul.The Seoul Metropolitan Government has won the gold medal from the IDEA/Brazil 2010 Awards, a coveted international design competition in South America, in the category of design strategy and environment for its design-related policy in recognition of Mayor Oh Se-hoons exemplary leadership in promoting design in overall city administration and urban development. Joice Joppert Leal, executive-director of the Objecto Brasil Association, main organizer of the IDEA/Brazil Awards, said that the citation is for Mayor Ohs contribution to upgrading Seouls brand value though his design policy. In particular, Seoul City established the Design Seoul Headquarters as an organization of the city government, which has implemented various design-related projects. He even recruited a design expert as the Chief Design Officer (CDO) responsible for the citys design policies. Ohs move is believed to strengthen the citys international competitiveness and improve the quality of life of its citizens, she was quoted as saying.Such efforts earned Seoul the title of World Design Capital 2010 from the International Council of Societies of Industrial Design in 2007. In celebration of its designation of WDC 2010, Seoul hosted the World Design Capital Summit, which led to cooperation among leaders of world cities in February, 2010. In addition, it will hold the Childrens Design Camp and the Seoul International Design Workshop to help cultivate design manpower.Seoul City has also strengthened its design infrastructure. Some of the examples are the Seoul Design Committee, set up and operated by the city, and the creation of the design guidelines and typeface of Seoul that apply to urban design. In addition, Dongdaemun Design Plaza is being built at the site of the former Dongdaemun Stadium, which is expected to be completed by 2012. The metropolitan government also established 4 design clusters and a design institution to promote the related facilities of the design industry. In an attempt to support talented designers through various design events, Seoul has hosted the Seoul Design Fair since 2008, attracting more than 3 million people from home and abroad. Seoul City said that the gold award from IDEA/Brazil signifies that its design policy has gained recognition even from countries in South America and will serve as the momentum to upgrade Seouls brand value, the World Design Capital 2010.IDEA/Brazil is the South American chapter of the International Design Excellence Awards (IDEA), one of the three most prestigious awards for designers in the world along with iF and Red dot of Germany. IDEA/Brazil Awards are held every year with the validation of the Industrial Design Society of America (IDSA). Designers and corporations submit entries into the categories of consumer products, transportation, medical equipment, packaging, entertainment, environments and design strategy.
Delegations from around 50 countries will participate in the inaugural assembly of the World e-Governments Organization of Cities and Local Governments (WEGO) For the fourth consecutive year, Seoul ranked first in the survey on e-governance this year, and it will hold the inaugural assembly of the World e-Governments Organization of Cities and Local Governments (WEGO) from September 6 to 8, 2010. WEGO is an international organization with the chief aim of making local governments more effective and bridging the digital divide through exchanges and cooperation between local governments around the world.WEGO was launched at the World e-Government Mayors Forum held in Seoul in July 2008, where the Seoul e-Government Declaration was adopted by mayors and representatives from 33 cities around the world.The Seoul Metropolitan Government has been preparing for the inaugural assembly over the last two years, and this assembly will be held, over the course of three days, under the theme e-Sharing for All. More than 1,000 people are expected to take part in the assembly, including delegations from about 50 cities around the world, such as Barcelona, Frankfurt and San Francisco. It is expected that Seoul will chair WEGO for the first time and that the secretariat of WEGO will be established in the city.Seoul suggested establishing an international e-government network of cities from around the worldThe meeting is sponsored by the United Nations Project Office on Governance (UNPOG) under the U.N. Department of Economic and Social Affairs (UNDESA). A reception dinner will be held on September 6 followed by the opening ceremony and the main session on September 7, and a workshop on the following day. At the venue of the assembly, the IT exhibition hall will be open on September 7 to 8.At the opening ceremony, Darrell M. West, vice president of the Brookings Institution, one of Washingtons oldest think tanks, will deliver the keynote address. Elections will be held in the main session to decide a city to chair WEGO this year and a city to host the next assembly. The assembly will also vote on the regulations of WEGO and will discuss cooperative programs.Especially, the participants will share the best practices of e-governance, and representatives from seven cities, including Barcelona, Berlin and Frankfurt, will present cases of citizen participation. Domestic corporations, such as Samsung SDS, LG CNS and KT, will showcase their state-of-the-art IT technologies, such as electronic conference systems and touch screens. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will open the exhibition hall of U-City & GIS to introduce Koreas cutting edge IT technology.The workshop will be comprised of four sessions on subjects ranging from U-City, GIS, a UN e-government network and the ways to apply CCL that involve the disclosure of public information.Seoul city aims at enhancing its brand value, improving the competitiveness of its IT industry and creating more jobsThe Seoul Metropolitan Government is to develop WEGO into the worlds most influential organization in the field of e-governance thereby enhancing Seouls brand value and improving the export competitiveness of its IT industry. A public official of the Metropolitan Government said, Seoul can enhance its brand value by introducing the IT policies, technology and corporations of Seoul. And the IT companies based in Seoul will be able to make inroads into overseas markets and create more jobs with the help of WEGO. Global status of Seouls e-governmentSeoul ranked first in the 100 Cities Survey on e-Government for the fourth consecutive time, thus solidifying its position as a global leader in the field of e-governance. The study was conducted jointly by the e-Governance Institute, the School of Public Affairs and Administration at Rutgers University-Newark, and the Global e-Policy e-Government Institute at Sungkyunkwan University (SKKU), Korea. This survey has been conducted biennially since 2003. According to the report of the World e-Government Evaluation Committee on July 13, 2010, Seoul maintained its top ranking in municipal e-governance in 2009 in a similar manner to the 2003, 2005 and 2007 surveys. About 680 people from 124 cities from around the world have visited Seoul to learn about the citys e-government system. The city of Seoul has signed MOUs for e-government cooperation with 10 cities around the world, such as Moscow, Ulaanbaatar, Nairobi and Barcelona.
Signs of a reprieve from the aggression and vigor demanded by busy city life in Seoul didnt arrive until after midnight on Aug. 21. From ancient palaces to art galleries, the citys high-profile cultural venues were alive and kicking right up until the clock struck 12 on August 21. This is something the Seoul Metropolitan Government is rather thankful for because it symbolized the success of the 3rd Seoul Cultural Night.The event encouraged the public to enjoy the full cultural experience in the nations capital  through various concerts and exhibitions  for only 10,000 won.The festive day, which ran from 12 p.m. to 12 a.m., featured diverse programs and activities in major venues in five key cultural areas of Seoul: Seoul Plaza, Jeong-dong, Bukchon, Insa-dong, Daehakno, and Hongdae.The Jung-gu Jeong-dong area, which fully illustrates Koreas story of modernization, embraced the theme of Exploring History. The musical fountain flowing out along Jeong-dong Street, the Seoul History of Museum host to a jazz concert on its front lawn, and a traditional classical concert taking place in front of the Chinese exhibition grounds at Deoksu Palace were some of the signs of life. A fusion experience was also available to attendees, as they had the chance to meet and take photos with Nanta artists at the Nanta Theater.Chongdong Theater offered a free back-stage tour and a fun try-out of the janggu, or the traditional Korean hour-glass drum, while the Chongdong First Church presented a pipe organ concert, open to the public.Meanwhile, the Seoul Museum of Art held a free evening concert.The Bukchon area showed off its historical sites dating back to the Joseon period (1392-1910), such as the laundry ground in Changdeok Palace and the Seokjeong well that had boasted carrying pure and crystal-clear water every two weeks. This majestic walk through an era of Korean history, teeming with stories of the past, was called Romantic Exploration.Bukchon promises to enrapture visitors with its historical, traditional and cultural characteristics that feature a hanok village, as well as streets, museums and galleries displaying a mixture of the modern and the traditional. Master craftsmen, who are more than happy to share their work with the public, is another gift of the area.Insa-dong mesmerizes visitors with the attraction of Koreas traditional beauty. The line of galleries in this area had their doors wide open until midnight, attracting both young and old, as well as locals and international visitors alike to enjoy traditional handicrafts and directly witness intangible cultural assets. Daehakno, the street of youth and the arts, is always ready to entertain visitors with a wide array of exhibitions, plays and various forms of cultural experiences.For the Seoul Cultural Night, this part of the city gave out special passes that allowed the public to enjoy the diversity of performances for just 10,000 won.Novel exhibitions and programs were organized at the Maroni Park. Unique programs that could only be found at Daehakno were the talk of the day in this part of town. Visitors had the chance to enjoy drama plays and tours of the makeup room of the performing artists.Hongdae, popular for its free spirit and its unique venues, abuzz with young people, sang with refreshing live music. The outdoor concert venues scattered about Hongdae helped to cool down the hot summer evening. No doubt, visitors to the area during the Seoul Cultural Night had a great time, with the wide range of exciting activities. Some of the choices were viewing works of young artists, visiting some of the wealth of boutique galleries, visiting the flea market and taking a look at recording studios.Seoul Night eyed as the citys prime tourist attractionThe 3rd Seoul Cultural Night wrapped up the annual event with success, as it effectively and efficiently used the citys cultural infrastructure to provide a festive event that could be enjoyed by not only citizens and tourists but also the people at the cultural venues and the residents of each of the neighborhoods.This years festival saw the voluntary participation of about 270 cultural venues, a significant increase from last year. The Seoul Metropolitan Government holds the annual event every August. It aims to develop the festival into a high-profile tourist attraction similar to Germanys Long Night of Museums and Frances Midnight Sun Film Festival.
 The number of foreign residents in the heart of Seoul has surged over the past ten years. With this trend has come a growing selection of foreign cuisines.The foreign population in the city expanded to total 255,749 as of 2009, almost a four-fold jump from the total of 61,920 registered in 2000, according to figures provided by the Seoul Metropolitan Government.It showed more than a ten-fold increase in the number of foreign-operated restaurants totaling 1,956 as of July 1, 2010 compared with the 182 recorded in 2000. These multicultural restaurants are, of course, situated in foreigner-concentrated residential areas.With all the choices out there, it may not be a bad idea to try out new culinary experiences.
You can meet cultural tourist guides anytime you visit Seouls most representative tourist attractions such as Gyeonbokgung, Unhyeongung and Bongeunsa Temple. The cultural tourist guides are volunteers who help tourists understand Korean culture by providing explanations and stories about cultural heritage and tourist spots in Seoul. The two hundred cultural tourist guides introduce the best of Korean culture to tourists from home and abroad in four different languages (English, Japanese, Chinese and Korean).They guide tourists through thirteen courses covering eleven representative tourist attractions of Seoul. The tour courses are as follows. Gyeongbokgung & Hyojadong course, Jongmyo & Changgyeonggung course, Bukchon & Unhyeongung course, Namsan Fortress & Hanok village course and Choi Sunu House & Gilsangsa course. They also provide guide services at the War Memorial of Korea, the Insadong promotion center and the Cheongwadae Sarangchae.The most popular tourist course is the Gyeongbokgung route, followed by Bukchon and Jongmyo. Recently, the Cheongwadae Sarangchae has become a must-see attraction among Chinese tourists.As the demand for cultural tourist guides grows, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is planning to develop thirteen new courses in the second half of this year. Seouls rich cultural assets will enrich the new tourist products differentiating themselves from other regular tour courses.The metropolitan government will also increase the number of languages provided from four (Korean, English, Japanese and Chinese) to twelve by 2014. French, German, Spanish, Russian, Italian, Thai, Vietnamese, Malay, Hindi and Arabic will be provided, and the number of cultural tourist guides will also increase to 1,000 by 2014.One of the guides said, We explain Korean history and culture to tourists from home and abroad, and it is very rewarding in that we can introduce our outstanding cultural heritage to the world. I feel proud when some of the foreign tourists say that they have come to meet the real charm of Korea through our explanation.If you want to go on a tour with a cultural tourist guide of Seoul, make a reservation three days in advance by phone (02-6925-0777) or on the website (visitseoul.net).
Seoul City, UN Foundation agree to send mosquito nets for malaria preventionOne African family can be helped with just one mosquito net worth about $10. Therefore, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has set out to donate insecticidal mosquito nets to Africa, where as many as 3,000 people die from malaria per day. Seoul City and the United Nations Foundation signed an agreement on Aug. 22 to participate in the Nets Go! Campaign, a drive devoted to collecting mosquito nets to send to Africa for malaria prevention.The Nets Go! Campaign is the Korean version established by the United Nations Foundation in 2006, which is an emulation of the Nothing But Nets program of the United States. Since its inception in Korea, the campaign has aimed to eliminate malaria in Africa, the leading cause of deaths on that continent.Seoul selected as UN Foundations first campaign partnerThe UN Foundation has raised over 30 billion won to date, allowing it to send more than 3 million mosquito nets to Africa and save more than 12 million lives. Korea was selected as the UN charity bodys first overseas partner country and the Nets Go! Campaign was launched here in April. Seoul is the first city to take the initiative to participate in the drive.Seoul City gives its collected donations to the UN Foundation. With Seouls help, this UN body is planning to buy 10,000 mosquito nets to send to a refugee camp in the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa by the end of this year. Addis Ababa has as many as six refugee camps and needs about 40,000 mosquito nets.Malaria is a contagious disease transferred by mosquitos and is the leading cause of death in children. Africa accounts for about 90 percent of the worlds deaths from malaria, and most of these fatalities are helpless children under five years old. Experts say special mosquito nets are most effective, safer and yet simpler to use to combat malaria, compared to using preventive medicine, as these are potent and cause side effects, making the medication dangerous to children.With Seoul Citys aggressive support, we hope that institutions and groups in Korea will participate in our campaign, Leslie Creedon, the executive director of Development at the UN Foundation, said.Seoul holds Africa NightAfter Seoul City and the UN Foundation signed their memorandum of understanding, a motivating concert aimed at encouraging public participation in the campaign was held at Seoul Plaza. The concert, entitled Night in Africa-Safe from Malaria, highlighted the malaria-prone lives of Africans. The one-of-a-kind performance was directed by Abhay Wadhwa, a professor at the Lighting Research Center recognized as one of the most talented lighting artists of the 21st century.With just one mosquito net costing $10, a four-member family can use this net for more than four years. To the Africans, this apparatus is not simply a mosquito net but a valuable item that protects lives, a Seoul City official said. This campaign will be the start of our greater efforts to hold relief campaigns with the cooperation of underdeveloped cities.Seoul City established a foreign cooperative fund in 2005 in order to strengthen relief efforts to disaster-stricken countries around the world. In 2005, the Korean capital collected $500,000 in donations to help Hurricane Katrina victims in the United States, and in 2008, it helped Chinese earthquake victims with $300,000 and 100,000 bottles of water. In 2010, Seoul City has been actively helping Haiti earthquake victims, so far donating $100,000 worth of financial aid and providing emergency aid equipment.
It is the height of summer now. If you are looking for a place to escape from the scorching heat, there is an ideal getaway right in the heart of Seoul. The Hangang has become a hot spot in summer thanks to its scenic parks, camping grounds, swimming pools and resting areas. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has established a variety of resting facilities around the Hangang. And those facilities are gaining popularity among citizens and tourists from home and abroad.According to the metropolitan government, more than 6 million people visited the 12 Hangang Parks in July, 2010, which is a 148% increase compared with last year. If you dont have enough time to travel long distances to spend an exciting summer on the beach, visit the following popular attractions of the Hangang.Swimming Pools of Hangang Park boast amusement facilities which almost match those of fancy water parks at affordable pricesThe swimming pools of Hangang Park boast amusement facilities which almost match those of fancy water parks, attracting a great number of people. Moreover, they offer the best rates when it comes to admission fees: 5,000 won for adults 4,000 won for youths 3,000 won for children and free for children six years or under.An outstanding example is the Ttukseom Swimming Pool, which features diverse facilities, such as slides, aqua rings, cascades and fountains that make it fun for visitors. Aqua rings and air slides are the most popular attractions among children. The refreshing sound of the water and the happy voices of children are a pleasure to hear.The sunbathing section of the Ttukseom Swimming Pool opened on July 31. Without the saltiness of sea water, it is refreshing to sunbathe here. The place is gaining a reputation as one of the best places to sunbathe because of its affordable price.Nanji Camping Ground: you can spend a night in touch with nature in the heart of the cityRecently, camping trips are gaining popularity among people in their thirties and forties. And the Nanji Camping Ground which was remodeled and opened last year is drawing a good number of people everyday. You dont have to travel long distances to enjoy nature and the fresh air.The Nanji Camping Site has become an ideal getaway right in the heart of Seoul. Moreover, the Nanji Hangang Park bus station was established on July 23, making it easier to get to the site using public transportation. So, it is expected that the number of visitors will increase this summer.Hangang Bridge Cafes are crowded with young couples in the eveningObservatory cafes at the bridges over the Hangang are perfect places to bring a date. There are 9 bridge cafes over the Hangang such as Caf Rio on Hangang Bridge, Caf Aritaum on Yanghwa Bridge, Caf Sunset on Dongjak Bridge and Riverview 8th Avenue on Gwanjin Bridge. And those cafes are gaining popularity among citizens.Most notable among these is the Riverview 8th Avenue, an observatory caf located beneath the Gwanjin Bridge, which is very rare in the world. The place is also famous as a location for the recent TV series IRIS. The observatory deck of the caf will enthrall as you walk on the glass floor looking at the running river under your feet.Floating Stage : Enjoy a free outdoor concertThe Floating Stage of the Yeouido Hangang Park was opened in September, 2009, and a variety of concerts, performances and movies are presented on the stage every weekend. Many citizens come here to enjoy free outdoor concerts and movies at night.The sound of music doesnt stop here, even when there is no concert or performance, because there are always some gifted citizens giving volunteer performances on the stage.Cultural complex, Jabeolle offers plenty of arts and cultural exhibitionsThe Ttukseom Hangang Park boasts an exquisite cultural complex called Jabeolle, inchworm, which offers a variety of arts and cultural exhibitions as well as a magnificent view of the Hangang. These days the place is crowded with families who drop in to see an animation exhibition after swimming at the pool in the park. Children are fascinated by 3D images and colorful photo zones, and parents by the beautiful sunset over the windows.The Hangang Animation Festival will run till August 31 at the complex. The exterior of the complex looks like a giant inchworm, and you can experience fantastic 3D and 4D animations within.On the second and third floors of the complex, there are restaurants and cafes. So when you get hungry after hours of playing in the swimming pool, you dont have to leave the park to eat something. You can have a meal and relax here.Bicycle Path : It takes 2 hours from Banpo to Yeouido by bicycleIt is unusual to see people riding bicycles on the bike paths of the Han River. The bicycle paths were built around the Hangang area last year, and it takes about 1 hour from Jamsil to Banpo by bicycle. Riding a bike along the Han River is refreshing and healthy.Enjoy water sports, cruises, water taxies on the Han RiverRecently, more and more people enjoy water sports, cruise ships and water taxies on the Hangang.Six cruise ships are operating up and down the river 30 times a day. Most of the passengers of the Hangang Water Taxies have been commuters. However, as the weather gets hotter, it is gaining popularity among tourists from home and abroad.The Moonlight Rainbow Fountain, the worlds longest bridge fountain, has become an international tourist attractionThe Moonlight Rainbow Fountain of the Banpo Bridge has become one of the most popular international attractions in Seoul. It was listed in the Guinness Book of World Records as the worlds longest bridge fountain in 2008. Nowadays, there are some tourists who visit Hangang just to see this fountain.The Moonlight Rainbow Fountain first spouted in April, 2009, adding some excitement to the serene river.The World Cup Fountain was built to commemorate the 2002 FIFA World Cup. The fountain has been moved near Seonyudo to improve access to the fountain in September, 2003. The fountain jets water at a height of 202 meters, and that makes it the second tallest water fountain in the world.The Plaza Fountain of Yeouido is popular with children. During the day, children play in the water spewing from the fountain, and LED lights illuminating the fountain catch the eyes of visitors at night.
Mayor Oh Se-hoon attended the ceremony celebrating the 7th annual energy day on August 16. He stated that we need to prepare for the future energy shortage through sustainable development and eco-friendly policies. He also called on citizens to conserve energy in their daily lives.The Energy Network first designated August 22 as the energy day to reduce electricity consumption in 2003. On August 22, 2003, energy consumption reached an all time high. Mayor Oh said in his brief address that Korea is the 10th largest energy importer whose dependence on foreign source of energy is as much as 96.4%, so we wont be immune to an energy crisis. He also said that we can save the earth and leave a clean environment to our children by conserving energy.The Seoul Metropolitan Government released the low carbon green growth master plan, and set an aggressive target to reduce energy consumption by 15% and greenhouse gas emission by 25% by 2020. The metropolitan government is making every effort to meet its target and create a low-carbon energy-sustainable city.At the ceremony, there was an event titled, Turn off the lights and light up the stars, which was to turn off all the lights in public offices of the whole country for 5 minutes beginning at 9 oclock p.m. In Seoul, 63 Building, LG Twin Tower, Seoul Square, Inchon International Airport, Seoul N Tower and about 120 buildings around the Seoul Square participated in this event to save energy.
Creativity management of the Seoul Metropolitan Government drew attention in the June issue of Public Performance & Management ReviewThe Banpo bridge fountain, Cheonggyecheons wall of marriage proposal, a culture program named happiness of 1000 won and the recent designation as World Design Capital are some of the examples of suggestions that citizens and public officials turned into policies.The creativity management of the Seoul Metropolitan Government is attracting the attention of the world as a new model of administration. Seoul city has continued to provide citizens and officials with the opportunities to participate in governmental processes by submitting their ideas and suggestions. An article titled, Creativity Management in public Organizations was published in the June issue of Public Performance & Management Review, a renowned academic journal in the United States. This paper covers the management model of the Seoul Metropolitan Government. The creativity management of Seoul was introduced as a new administration model in the article. And this is very meaningful in that public officials and scholars around the world are learning new administrative practices through this journal. It is expected to spread further, because the journals credibility is high, ranking 6th out of 39 international academic journals in this field.Public Performance & Management Review started its publication in 1975, addresses abroad range of factors influencing the performance of public organizations and agencies. Every paper submitted to the journal should pass strict judgement procedures for months, receiving harsh criticism and questions from the chief editor and renowned scholars. Because of the strict judgement procedures, only 20% of the articles submitted pass the screening.Established a process putting ideas into practice  13% of the suggestions have been implemented as policies.Evan M. Berman, National Chengchi University and Kim Chan-Gon, vice chief of Songpa-Gu, Seoul collaborated in writing the article last year.The authors said that creativity management is an effective approach for encouraging new ideas and solutions and broadening innovation practices in public organizations. And it can be applied to local governments in the U.S. and around the world.They also said that the creativity management of Seoul is outstanding in that an effective process putting a huge amount of ideas and suggestions into practice has been established, and that is actually stimulating the creativity of public officials.The article found that during a two-year period from June, 2006 to May, 2008, public officials of the metropolitan government proposed 62,666 ideas, and citizens 11,846 ideas, which is a whopping 45 times increase compared with the annual average from 1997 to 2006. Surprisingly, as many as 13 percent of the suggestions were selected for implementation.Over the last 4 years, 4,639 ideas have been implemented. The Banpo Bridge Fountain and the Happiness of 1000 won event are successful examples. The authors surveyed 1,194 managers and employees of the metropolitan government, and the results show that the percentage of officials who now view their divisions as innovative doubled in a two-year period, from 16 percent to 33 percent, thus providing further evidence of jump-starting innovation.According to the analysis of the authors, thanks to the strong will of the metropolitan government such a successful innovation has been possible. Seoul city has provided various incentives and implemented education and training programs to stimulate the creativity of government officials.Since its inauguration, the metropolitan government has encouraged its employees to consider administration from a citizens point of view. This philosophy has become the foundation of the citys various policies such as the Imagination Bank which is a channel to make suggestions, education and training to enhance creativity, various incentives for more suggestions and the creativity presentation to implement ideas as policies.The creative management of the city has contributed greatly to the realization of citizen governance. Seoul city has run a portal website, Seoul Oasis (www.seouloasis.net) which allows citizens to freely exchange their ideas and suggestions on municipal policies. The city government also holds a meeting every other month to implement some outstanding ideas from citizens.210,324 ideas have been registered at the Imagination Bank which is a channel to collect suggestions of employees, and 4,464 of those have been implemented. 175 out of 98,480 ideas registered at Seoul Oasis, which is a channel for citizens have been implemented.
For the first time in Korea, the Media Bus Shelters in the Seoul Train Station have won the Gold Winner prize of the 2010 International Design Excellence Awards (IDEA)Have you ever waited for a bus in the Seoul Train Station at night? The Seoul Train Station is a hub of public transportation where subway trains, the KTX (Korea Train Express), taxis and buses gather. The place is always crowded with people waiting for buses. The one thing that catches peoples eyes there is Seouls Media Bus Shelter.The LED panels of the Media Bus Shelter display local time and weather. There is also a flickering message on the walls saying, Welcome to Seoul. The Media Bus Shelter is definitely drawing peoples attention. Some are even taking photos of it with their cell phone cameras.For the first time in Korea, the cutting-edge bus stations in the Seoul Train Station Bus Transfer Center have won the top prize, Gold Winner, in the environment category of the 2010 International Design Excellence Awards (IDEA). Seouls Media Bus Shelter has also won other top design awards, including the iF Design Award of Germany and a Red Dot Award. The Media Bus Shelter has contributed greatly to promoting Seoul around the world by winning the grand slam of international design awards.Drawing attention as a public space which successfully combines cutting-edge media with cultural artsSponsored by Business Week magazine and the Industrial Designers Society of America, the International Design Excellence Awards are considered the Academy Awards of design. Every year, designers and corporations submit entries into the competition in 9 categories consumer products, furniture, packaging & graphics, interactive product experiences, environment, etc. The judging criteria of the competition include the following:It is said that the Media Bus Shelter is a great example of creating a vibrant, interactive and safe public environment in bus stations.The Media Bus Shelter is made up of 12 bus shelters whose walls and ceilings are equipped with LED panels providing news, weather and bus information in real time. The platforms, safety fences, street lamps and route maps of the bus shelters have been created through the talent donation of Hyundai Card Co., Ltd.At the awards ceremony on August 7, Kwon Young-Gull, the chairman of the Seoul Design Foundation, received the prize on behalf of the Seoul Metropolitan Government. He said that the award is very meaningful, in that Seoul citys efforts to transform itself from a hard city to a soft city have been recognized. The metropolitan government will spare no effort to have Seoul become a city of design where its citizens can enjoy more convenience in their daily lives.
On July 30, Mayor Oh Se-Hoon awarded 55 households and companies that participated in the eco-mileage system and successfully reduced their energy consumption.In an attempt to reduce green house gas emissions, the Seoul Metropolitan Government introduced the eco-mileage system last year. The eco-mileage program is a citizen-participation program which provides various incentives to participants in accordance with the amount of energy they save. About 260,000 households and 20,000 organizations have voluntarily participated in the program since it was launched in September, 2009. Among the 2,878 organizations and 80,840 households that signed up for the program more than six months ago, 1,050 organizations and 31,618 households have lowered carbon dioxide emissions by 59,391 tons.The metropolitan government awarded 20 households and 35 organizations among the participants who reduced more than 10% of their power consumption on average over six months.Mayor Oh said in his brief address that in the case of Seoul, unlike other cities, buildings such as houses and schools account for as much as 64% of green house gas emissions. Therefore, through the voluntary participation of citizens, it is possible to cut emissions immediately without introducing any specific facilities or technology. He also called on citizens to conserve energy in their daily lives.
What is the Sejong Belt?The Sejong Belt is a pan-city initiative to interconnect about 30 arts and cultural organizations scattered around Gwanghwamun Square, enabling citizens and tourists to take a package tour of performances, exhibitions, museums and royal palaces of Seoul at discounted prices. What kinds of packages are there?The Sejong Belt is comprised of various tour packages, each of which includes visits to historical & cultural facilities near Gwanghwamun Square, as well as tickets to a number of nearby cultural art performances. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has developed more than 50 travel packages categorized by area, time and theme, and these packages are offered at 20~50% discounts.With the success of the Happiness of 1000 won of Sejong Center for the Performing Arts, the metropolitan government is planning to develop the Dream of 10000 won ticket, a one-day ticket for the performances and exhibitions in the Sejong Belt. Seoul is also developing one-stop culture & arts guide programs covering historical & cultural facilities and walking trails of Gwanghwamun area.How can I make reservations?The ticketing & information center of the Sejong Belt will open in Haechi Madang of Gwanghwamun Square on August 12, 2010. The center will be 228 in size, and will provide a one-stop ticketing service for reservation, purchase and issuance for the tickets to about 30 cultural art entities near Gwanghwamun Square. Tourists and local residents may now enjoy a range of performances and cultural facilities at discounted prices with the purchase of a single ticket. Haechi Madang is located in the underground space of the fountain plaza which links Gwanghwamun Square and the Gwanghwamun subway station, so it will be convenient for pedestrians to use the ticketing center. Tickets for the Sejong Belt travel packages are also available on-line. You can reserve tickets at the teaser page of the Sejong Belt website which is set to open in September (www.sejongbelt.com), Interpark ticketing space and through the Sejong Belt application which can be downloaded at T-store (www.tstore.co.kr). Which languages are provided?At the ticket center, professional cultural art coordinators are available to help visitors choose a program that is tailored to their specific needs. Assistance is provided in 4 different languages (Korean, English, Japanese, and Chinese).The center is open from 10:30 to 20:30 all year round. For more information, please call the Dasan Call Center (120)
During the first year, about 14 million people visited the square, 37,000 a day on averageAugust 1, 2010 marked the first anniversary of Gwanghwamun Square, which has become one of the most representative tourist attractions of Seoul. During the Joseon Dynasty period, Gwanghwamun had government offices on both sides of the road to the south. The street was called Jujak Street, the street of a mythical bird which guards the south, or Yukjo Street, the street of six ministries. To resurrect the sites spirit and beauty, Gwanghwamun Square was reborn as a place for citizens to relax. The refurbishment of the square also enabled people to enjoy a clear view of Gyeongbokgung and Bugaksan, transforming the street into a human-centered space. Over the past year, the square has attracted more than 14 million people, 37,000 a day on average, solidifying its position as the most representative landmark of Seoul.Operating experience programs to introduce the history and tradition of KoreaDuring the inaugural year, the square was full of commemorative events such as Tour de Seoul, a cycling competition, and Seoul Snow Jam, an international snowboarding event. However, the metropolitan government changed the policy of the square to emptiness this year, focusing more on small scale experience programs such as trying on Gonryongpo (royal robes) and calligraphers handwriting family mottos for citizens. Through these programs, Gwanghwamun Square is becoming a plaza of relaxation.Utilizing underground space and nearby buildings to expand facilities for convenience and relaxationSeoul city also opened two exhibition halls The Story of King Sejong and The Story of Admiral Yi Sunshin, utilizing the underground space of Gwanghwamun Square to introduce the astounding achievements of the sage King and the great admiral of the Joseon Dynasty.In the northern part of the square, there is a grass plaza which enables people to take a rest, and it is attracting a good number of visitors. The Fountain 12.23 in the southern part is very popular with children. During the day, children dabble in the water spewing from the fountain, and LED lights illuminating the fountain catch the eyes of visitors at night. Lower floors of some nearby buildings are open to the public, offering people some place to sit down over coffee and catch their breath. Needless to say, the square is increasingly becoming more pedestrian-friendly.
Vancouver Olympic Champion Kim Yu-na was appointed as a Global Goodwill Ambassador of SeoulKim Yu-na is the 2010 Olympic champion, the 2009 World champion, the 2009 Four Continents champion, a three-time Grand Prix Final Champion, the 2006 World Junior champion and the 2005-2006 Junior Grand Prix Final champion. She is also the current record holder for ladies under the ISU Judging System. She has been rated as one of TIMEs 100 worlds most influential people in 2010. And recently, Kim was named to represent Seoul as a Global Goodwill Ambassador. As the citys Global Goodwill Ambassador, Kim will be featured in television ads promoting Seoul, to be broadcast worldwide, and will play an active role in promoting Seoul overseas. Korean pop star Rain and famous chef Edward Kwon are also actively doing their part as Global Goodwill Ambassadors of Seoul. The Seoul Metropolitan Government is making every effort to promote the city overseas, and said that the city named Kim Yu-na as a Global Goodwill Ambassador, expecting her to become a big help in the citys global marketing efforts. Kim is said to have accepted the appointment, because she also felt the importance and necessity of overseas marketing of Seoul to improve the citys standing in the world and wants to provide support to this cause.She will take part in the shooting of a sports documentary that is set to be aired in the United States in the second half of this year, and will appear in the TV advertisements to be broadcast worldwide starting in August, 2010.At the appointment ceremony, she said, I am pleased to have the opportunity as a Global Goodwill Ambassador to lend my support to this meaningful cause of promoting Seoul around the world. She also donated her autographed zip-up jacket to be auctioned off, with the proceeds going to charity.
What kinds of activities are recommended by international residents living in Korea for tourists in Seoul?The Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Seoul Tourism Organization surveyed 500 international residents in Seoul about the top 20 cultural experiences in the city in April, 2010. Seoul city recently announced the results of the survey, Greatest Top 20, and added that the metropolitan government will develop tailored tourist routes for tourists based on the survey results. Most preference surveys targeting tourists have focused simply on food and normal tourist spots so far. However this survey was conducted asking about the various experiences tourists can enjoy in Seoul, so its results are expected to become a real help to visitors of the city.Many of the European tourists love the exciting nightlife of Seoul, and the survey found that the Hongik University district is their most popular location, followed by Apgujeong-dong and Bugak Skyway.Jjimjilbang which is a health facility mainly consisting of saunas was chosen for the best health & wellness experience in Seoul, and temple cuisine, medical checkup and hand acupuncture were also favorites.Many people think bulgogi (barbecued beef) is one of the most representative Korean foods, but galbi-gui (marinated short rib barbecue) surprisingly, was ranked first in the category of Korean cuisine. And the survey found that samgyetang (ginseng chicken soup), kalguksu (noodle soup), jeon (assorted pan-fried delicacies) & makgeolli (rice liquor) and street food were also popular with tourists.The survey results showed that the places popular with locals are gaining popularity with tourists as well. Myeong-dong and Dongdaemun ranked first and second for shopping, and Yongsan electronics market, Coex mall and Cheongdam-dong followed. And many respondents selected Samcheong-dong, Seonyudo and Garosu-gil in Sinsa-dong as the best walking streets.This survey gave us a new perspective on what interests international residents and tourists about Seoul, beyond the conventional tour routes of Myeong-dong, Insa-dong and the royal palaces.The Hongik University area is full of colorful street murals, vintage clothing shops, small galleries, a flea market, cafes and clubs, and walking on the streets of this district you can feel the youthful energy. Art, youth and freshness represent this area, a survey respondent said. Myeong-dong is the best place for shopping. The streets of Myeong-dong appear to keep changing, but you can always find good restaurants in the alleys. The streets of Myeong-dong have never been boring to me, and thats the charm of Myeong-dong, he added.The Seoul Metropolitan Government released the survey results, and developed various theme-based tour courses based on the results. For example, the one day course of Korean cuisine is as follows: Jogyesa (lunch: bibimbap & pajeon)  Insadong  Tteok museum  Cheonggyecheon  N Seoul Tower (dinner: bulgogi). Courses can be searched for based on theme and time on the website of the Seoul Tourism Organization. (www.miceseoul.com)
UNESCO appointed Seoul as a UNESCO City of Design on July 20, 2010. The UNESCO Creative Cities Network was launched in 2004 to enhance the social, economic and cultural development of cities in the world, based on each citys cultural heritage and creativity. The cities that apply to the network do so to promote their local creative scene, thereby fulfilling the UNESCOs mission towards cultural diversity. UNESCO has recognized and appreciated Seouls abundant cultural heritage and creative potential, and designated Seoul as a creative city of design. The city of Seoul has plans to develop even further through various design policies, and it hopes to contribute to the advancement of developing countries through its activities as a member of the UNESCO Creative Cities Network. UNESCO appoints Creative Cities Network members in seven different fields  design, literature, music, film, crafts and folk art, media arts and gastronomy. Eight cities including Seoul have been selected as members in the field of design. The others are Buenos Aires, Berlin, Montreal, Nagoya, Kobe, Shenzhen and Shanghai. As a member of the City of Design network, Seoul will enjoy a variety of benefits. It will be allowed to use a UNESCO logo in the promotion of its programs and events, based on the UNESCO regulations. The city will also participate in various UNESCO activities to set up international networks and exchange information, knowledge and experience among the member cities. In addition, Seoul will be able to promote its design resources and cultural programs on the UNESCO website.Mayor Oh Se-hoon said Seouls appointment as a UNESCO City of Design reflects international recognition and support for the citys accumulated design policy. He added that the Seoul Metropolitan Government will make every effort to reinforce Seouls image through various activities as a member of the UNESCO Creative Cities Network. The metropolitan government will sign an MOU with the Korean National Commission for UNESCO on joining the UNESCO Creative Cities Network and for implementation of various cooperative programs in August, 2010. Seoul city also plans to host an international forum of the network this year.
The city of Seoul has ranked first in the 100 Cities Survey on E-government for the fourth consecutive time, solidifying its position as a global leader in the field of e-government.The research study was conducted jointly by the E-Governance Institute, School of Public Affairs and Administration at Rutgers University-Newark, and the Global e-Policy e-Government Institute at Sungkyunkwan University (SKKU), Korea. This survey has been conducted biennially since 2003. According to the report of the World E-government Evaluation Committee on July 13, 2010, Seoul maintains its top ranking in municipal e-government in 2009, as in the 2003, 2005 and 2007 survey results.The survey evaluated the official websites of cities in terms of five subject areas: services, citizen participation, security and privacy, usability and content. Seoul ranked first in the categories of citizen participation, privacy, content and services. Especially, Seoul is highly appreciated in the category of citizen participation in that the city continues to provide citizens with opportunities to participate in governmental processes, including well-organized and systematic opportunities to submit their ideas and suggestions on proposed e-policies via policy forums. This enables government administrators and elected officials to respond directly to citizen initiatives when establishing public policies.According to the Global e-Policy e-Government Institute at SKKU University, The evaluation based on the E-Government Performance Index is very meaningful because it is a continuing collaborative effort between western and eastern points of view on e-government research. It will guide the desirable future directions of e-government strategies for municipalities worldwide.The competitiveness of Seouls e-government has been recognized by several reputable organizations such as the UN Public Service Awards and the WITSA Global ICT Excellence Awards. Many cities around the world are now benchmarking Seouls e-government system. The city of Seoul has signed MOUs for e-government cooperation with 10 cities around the world such as Moscow, Ulaanbaatar, Nairobi and Barcelona.Seoul city will host the Inaugural General Assembly of the World e-Governments Organization of Cities and Local Governments from September 6 to 8, 2010. At this assembly the following issues will be discussed: launching international cooperative network through ICT, achieving green economic growth using IT, promoting citizen participation by sharing best practices and bridging the digital divide by supporting developing countries. This assembly will lay the groundwork for Seouls global leadership in terms of e-government.
Namsan Ormi boosted the number of visitors to about 1,900 a day, 680,000 a year on averageThe Seoul Metropolitan Government began operating an elevator on Namsan, Namsan Ormi, on June 30, 2009, to improve pedestrians access to the mountain. Seoul said that about 680,000 visitors have used the elevator so far. Before the installation of the elevator the number of visitors to Namsan was about 200 to 300 on weekdays, and now the number jumped to 1,900 a day. Slanted outdoor elevators like Namsan Ormi are very rare in the world. Namsan Ormi is attracting a good number of tourists, contributing greatly to improving Seouls image and pedestrians access to Namsan. Namsan Ormi operates between the Namsan Tunnel 3 and the cable car station free of chargeIt is the first time in Korea to build a slanted outdoor elevator, and the elevator operates between the Namsan Tunnel 3 and the cable car station. The elevator is made of glass, enabling passengers to view the mountain. It has made it a lot easier to get to Namsan N Tower from the Myeong-dong station or the Hoehyeon station. A city official said that Namsan Ormi resolved the inconvenience of using stairs for the disabled and the elderly, boosting the number of tourists who visit the mountain. He also added that the Seoul Metropolitan Government will continue to improve access to Namsan.How to get to the cable car station of Namsan
Medical tour pick-up service available through online registration Seoul Citys medical tour service is receiving favorable reviews from foreigners. The number of foreigners coming to Korea for a medical tour reached an estimated 60,000 last year. As many as 37,000, or 61.3 percent of them, had chosen Seoul, reflecting the positive reputation of the nations capital when it comes to safety and quality, Seoul City said.But to attract a greater number of foreigners to Seoul for the medical tour, the government said it implemented a support system to solve the most inconvenient aspects of the whole travel process coming from linguistic barrier. These feature the airport pick-up service that will take visitors right to the hospital and the medical tour coordinator service.The medical tour pick-up service adopted by Seoul for the first time uses the international taxis, which guarantee services in the required foreign language. The taxi driver will be trained to escort medical tourists and provide the necessary help.Coordinator support system features a multinational crew, including Russians, Japanese and ChineseThe coordinator support system is designed to ease the inconveniences and hardship of foreign patients and tourists stemming from language problems. As a source of rescue, Seoul City has formed a pool of top-notch medical tour coordinators who are dispatched to various medical centers. A portion of the fees for hiring such coordinators are partly subsidized by the government. The coordinators take part in the communication process and in clarifying the facts for the patient. Patients from Russia, China, Japan and Mongolia have surged recently, according to Seoul City:Foreigners get surprised at the high-quality treatment and system offered at Seoul hospitals, as well as at the overall level of our medical services, said an official at the Health Promotion Center of the Asan Hospital in Seoul. The provision of Seoul Citys pick-up and coordinator services has further strengthened the competitiveness of our countrys medical tourism. Pick-up service firms Foreign tour taxis provide a pick-up service in all necessary languages, such as English, Japanese, Chinese  Patients staying at hostels can seek free shuttle services. Log onto to http://eng.seoulmedicaltour.com/for details. 
If distance and budget are obstacles in planning a trip around Seoul, one should try the newly introduced travel guide for the subway.Seoul City said it began operating the City Travel Guide program on July 15 as a pilot test to run until November. This is designed to provide a convenient and economical tour of cultural sites and tourist spots located near subway stations.The government said it hopes the program would be enjoyed by both locals and foreigners, noting that the tour, although it may be short, is a fully packed one. Seoul City is offering four types of courses to cater to all travelers: the physically challenged, senior citizens, foreigners and families.Subway tours are free. Participants also receive a small souvenir at the end of their tour. They just have to be ready to pay for the admission fees at the particular sites. Those who are interested in the tours can register through the Seoul Metropolitan Government home page. The maximum number of tourists per course ranges from five to twenty. The four-hour tour programs run from Tuesday to Friday starting at 1:30 p.m.The subway is not simply a means of transportation, but is also a multi-purpose service vehicle relevant to our daily lives and culture, a Seoul Metropolitan Government official said. We will continue to develop diverse services and attract events to give joy and fulfillment to the people, making efforts to create a space that acts like a hub.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has unveiled its 2020 Aging Society Master Plan to strengthen its welfare policies for senior citizens beginning next year as part of an agenda to develop Seoul into a hospitable living environment for the elderly.The local government projected the population of senior citizens in Seoul will reach 1 million in 2012 and further balloon to 1.4 million by 2020, classifying the nations capital as an aged society.The government noted that it selected ten major tasks to help boost the effectiveness of the master plan, while it announced plans to execute as many as a hundred different businesses across six major areas by 2020. These include healthy aging, active living, productive senior citizens, an integrated society, convenient surroundings and a redesigning infrastructure.The master plan is expected to foster a friendly society for the aging by promoting a flexible lifestyle for the aging and incorporating a cooperative environment among all the citizens, such as between adolescents and to-be senior citizens.Policies Tailored to the Low-Income Class, Single Seniors and Aged Dementia PatientsThe master plan also aims to strengthen welfare policies for the low-income class, senior citizens living alone and those with dementia. The agenda features providing single senior citizens with an accessible U-health system, a day-to-day support program, and a home service, as well as reinforcing the stay-home service for seniors with dementia.More treatment and care facilities, or Day Care Centers, accessible within a 10-minute distance for dementia patients will be made available, while a total of four geriatric hospitals will be established for each major local area around the city. An improved welfare infrastructure for the aged by 2014 will introduce 70 small-scale welfare centers, medical treatment centers in 600 spots around the nations capital, and five Happy Towns for the countrys silver population.To help the aged travel more safely, the Seoul government plans to expand the number of silver zones to 500 by 2020 near nursing homes and silver welfare centers. The silver zones will be free of obstructive features and have safety guard rails for inclined passage ways and safety bumps to prevent speeding accidents.About 100,000 jobs will also be created to help contribute to senior citizens income. The government then added that it plans to set up a Silver Hope Fund designed to provide support to seniors who save a portion of their income.In order to expand the supply of safe and comfortable homes to the aged, the government said it will adopt a universal design by 2011. At the same time, 800 rental homes for seniors will be supplied each year, while 450 small convenient homes for the aged will be supplied each year.Preparation programs for prospective seniors will also be made available, while opportunities for learning, enjoying the arts and other leisure activities will be expanded.
The Korean animation Metajets, a project into which the City of Seoul itself invested, made its U.S. debut on the Cartoon Network on July 4, 2010. It was the first time a Korean animated series was broadcasted across the United States. Metajets is comprised of forty episodes and each episode is thirty minutes long. When it was aired in Korea in 2009, it recorded the highest viewer ratings of any animation in the country. American TV channels like CBS have broadcasted several Korean animations before, but it is the first time that the Cartoon Network, the biggest animation channel in the U.S., aired a Korean animation. Cartoon Network U.S.A. announced that Metajets is scheduled to be aired five times a week, and it will begin with a special five-hour marathon on July 4. The Seoul Metropolitan Government decided to promote the digital contents industry, and established a sixty billion won investment fund. As of July 2010, about 55% of the fund has been invested in animation, games, movies and new media.The Cartoon Network was established in the U.S. in October 1992, and it is now the worlds largest around-the-clock animation channel, broadcasting in twenty-one languages in 160 countries. About 193 million households watch the channel worldwide, and it has more than twenty branches in Britain, Germany, India, Latin America, and so on.
Mayor Oh attended the second seminar of the U-Seoul Forum on July 13. In the wake of recent sexual assaults against minors, this seminar was held to find ways to protect the socially vulnerable using ubiquitous technologies. Experts from industries, universities, research institutes and public organizations gathered at the seminar.The U-Seoul Forum is a university-industry-institute-government cooperation network established in 2008 to blueprint how to actualize a ubiquitous city. As of July 9, 794 members have been actively exchanging information and discussing policy development.At the venue of the seminar, the safety service experience showroom was installed as well. Mayor Oh visited the exhibition hall, and experienced the state-of-the-art security system and the U-Seoul safety zone service, which has been set up to protect children and seniors.Mayor Oh said that he will endeavor to make Seoul safer for every citizen by offering various U-City Services.
In order to showcase Seouls allure to the world, the Seoul Metropolitan Government launched TV advertisements in China on June 28th and in Japan on July 4th. The TV commercial produced this year entitled Infinitely yours, Seoul focused on the cultural experience that can be enjoyed in Seoul. The image associated with Seoul was surveyed and needs analysis was also conducted in each region, and based on the results, four emotion codes for the advertisement were selected. This aim of this TV ad is to show Seoul as not just a fabulous tourist attraction but also as a city of hope and admiration.Influential Korean stars for each region appear in the advertisement, such as Byunghun Lee, 2PM and the Wonder Girls. On set photos and videos can be seen online.(http://www.youtube.com/seouldreamseries) According to AC Neilsen, the awareness and preference for Seoul city have risen continuously since 2008 when it started full-scale overseas marketing. In 2008 and 2009, Seoul ranked first in the survey conducted in China, Japan and Thailand that asked which city people wanted to visit the most. And in the New York Times article The 31 Places to Go in 2010, Seoul ranked third following Sri Lanka and Patagonia.In 2009, the number of foreign tourists grew by 13.4% compared with the previous year, and the intention of revisit rose by 10.7% from 77.3% to 88%.The Seoul Metropolitan Government is to continue full-scale marketing in the target regions to show the citys infinite allure to the world in 2010. And this year Seoul will host several huge international events, such as the World Design Capital and the G20 Summit, and these events are expected to attract about 10 million foreign tourists.
A 54-day-long shopping festival to kick off in SeoulSeoul City is to hold the largest shopping festival in Korea called the Seoul Grand Sale 2010 event, which will run from July 21 (Wed.) to September 23 (Sun,) in which five thousand stores, restaurants, and hotels will be participating. The Seoul Grand Sale will serve to raise awareness of shoppers from home and abroad about Seouls reputation as a Shopping Heaven, as well as effectively promoting the citys shopping infrastructure. Participating shops, accommodation and restaurants will provide discounts and special events. During the Grand Sale period, both domestic and international shoppers will enjoy various benefits, such as discounts offered in popular shops and restaurants, as well as free gifts or free desserts. Around 5,000 retailers from shopping, accommodation, and food sectors, as well as culture, beauty and health, (a more than 6-fold increase over the 810 participants in 2009) will be involved this year. Participating stores, hotels and restaurants will provide discounts of up to 60% to broaden benefits for shoppers. Participating businesses and stores will include Big 20 department stores, smaller retailers, duty free shops, coffee shops, theaters museums located in four Special Shopping Zones: Myeong-dong, Bukchang-dong, Namdaemun Itaewon Dongdaemun and Jongno, Cheonggyecheon.In particular, various tourist attractions, such as water taxis, cultural performances, including Nanta, Jump and Sachoom, and Ssamjigil at Insa-dong, will be participating in the Grand Sale and providing various attractions to see and enjoy.Since the Seoul Grand Sale 2010 involves various service providers not only of shopping but also of accommodation, food, culture, tourism, cultural performances and beauty, the event lives up to its billing as grand in terms of its size and benefits. Seoul Metropolitan City has upgraded the paper coupon system to membership cards and the mobile coupon system in order to facilitate convenient shopping. The city will also organize various events during the sale period, such as opening ceremonies, and street events at Myeong-dong to enhance the festive atmosphere. These events will be held mainly in the Special Tourist Zones so that shoppers can fully experience and enjoy the charm of Shopping Heaven Seoul.Information regarding the use of coupons, maps of participating businesses and stores, and other shopping tips are all available on the website of Seoul Grand Sale 2010 (http://www.seoulgrandsale.com/). Detailed information about shopping is also provided through shopping UCCs on YouTube.An official of Seoul City said, The Seoul Grand Sale is a new concept shopping festival where tourism, culture and shopping have been effectively integrated to form a festival much different from any held in competitor cities, such as Singapore, or cities in Thailand and Japan. Seoul is ready to make its utmost efforts to help Seoulites, as well as international visitors, fully enjoy the charm of Seoul during the 54-daylong period of the Seoul Grand Sale.
More than 250,000 foreigners live in Seoul as of December 2009. Do they have appropriate access to medical services? The Seoul Metropolitan Government decided to increase its support for the medical services for foreigners.The number of exclusive medical facilities for foreigners is to be increased from 11 to 14. And medically trained, English speaking staff will provide information on hospitals and pharmacies that are open to foreigners around the clock. To relieve the communication difficulties during medical treatment, a simultaneous interpretation service for several languages (English, Japanese and Chinese) is to be offered. For migrant workers and disadvantaged people, the Metropolitan Government will provide support for hospitalization and operation expenses and operate free clinics as well.Exclusive Medical Facilities for Foreigners increased from 11 to 14To maximize the efficiency of the medical services for foreigners, 11 exclusive medical facilities now operate international clinics, where English speaking doctors, nurses and an exclusive coordinator are available, that offer a one-stop service of appointment, treatment and payment.The 11 hospitals operating such international clinics are Sinchon Severance Hospital, Asan Medical Center, Samsung Medical Center, Soonchunhyang University Hospital, Hanyang University Hospital, Kyunghee University Hospital, Seoul St. Marys Hospital, Chungang University Medical Center, Chungang University Yongsan Hospital, and Konkuk University Hospital. In addition, three other hospitals, including Gangnam Severance Hospital, are going to establish international clinics.24-hours access to information on hospitals and pharmacies available to foreigners and a simultaneous interpretation serviceThe Seoul Emergency Medical Information Center (1339) provides information on the hospitals and pharmacies that are available for foreigners around the clock. The number of medical facilities currently registered with the center has increased from 703 in 2009 to 928 in 2010, and the center is going to conduct nation-wide surveys on a regular basis to update the status of the medical facilities available to foreigners. The medical facilities opened to foreigners are able to communicate in languages such as Mongolian, French, Spanish, etc., as well as English. And the Dasan Call Center (120) also provides information on these facilities.The Seoul Emergency Medical Information Center also offers a multilingual service (English, Japanese, and Chinese) to reduce the communication difficulties during the medical treatment of foreigners. Especially, the center as established a night time hotline that offers simultaneous interpretation to provide medical assistance after hours.The number of foreigners who use the 1339 services is on the rise, and the feedback from the users has been mostly positive.Medical services for migrant workers and the disadvantagedThe Seoul Metropolitan Government provides disadvantaged foreigners, such as migrant workers, with medical services equivalent to those available to local residents. Seoul city has covered the 1,700 hospital expenses for 140 foreigner cases. In addition, Seoul city provides outcall medical checkups for foreigners, and when tuberculosis or other contagious diseases are discovered, the patients are treated for free.Each district of Seoul city provides medical services that are suited to their varying characteristics. Yeongdeungpo-gu and Geumcheon-gu operate Global Free Clinics. Yeongdeungpo-gu provides free treatment on Saturdays, tailored health care and consultation. Geumcheon-gu offers nighttime treatment on weekdays and free treatment on weekends, and it also treats patients with metabolic syndrome.The Seoul Metropolitan Government is planning to make the city more attractive and convenient by expanding its support of the medical services available to foreigners.
 As Tashkent, the capital of Uzbekistan, and Seoul formalized their sister city relationship, Tashkent became the first sister city to be formalized in the new term of Mayor Oh. Mayor Oh was elected as the 5th Mayor by popular vote. Mayor Oh received an official visit of the Mayor Tukhtaev A.K. and his delegation on July 2nd and formalized the sister city relationship between Seoul and Tashkent. Both mayors also discussed how the two cities would expand and facilitate mutual exchanges and cooperation.Uzbekistan is recognized as a strategically important country with rich natural resources. The capital of Uzbekistan, Tashkent, is the largest industrial city in Central Asia and has a 2,000-year history. Since Tashkent and Seoul concluded the Friendship City Agreement in March 2006 both cities have continued human and cultural exchanges. With the conclusion of the sisterhood relationship, it is expected that the Seoul Park project  aimed at building a world class park in Tashkent by 2012  in Tashkent will speed up. The park will serve to introduce Koreas traditional culture, to instill national pride in the Koreans residing in Uzbekistan, and to promote mutually friendly relationship. In addition, Seoul also expects the park to be loved by the citizens of Tashkent through its dynamic and cheerful presentation of the culture of Seoul, the center of Northeast Asia.As well as being the 23rd sister city of Seoul, this particular sister city relationship with Tashkent also carries the added significance of being the first international exchange of its kind to take place during Mayor Oh new term of office. It is also expected to bring about more active exchanges and cooperation with Central Asia.Mayor Oh said, I will make the utmost effort to promote friendship and cooperation between the two cities by promoting substantive exchanges in various fields, such as urban development, green growth and transportation.
Eye-catching design inspired by images of Korean traditional dance and spectacular views of the Han RiverAn arts and culture landmark in the likes of Sydneys Opera House and Spains Guggenheim Museum Bilbao is coming to Seouls Han River in 2014. This world-class cultural center, the Han River Art Island, will be built on Nodeul Island in the middle of the Han River. Architect Seung-hong Park was selected through an international design contest held last year to head the design of this new monumental structure. The Han River Art Island is inspired by images of a traditional Korean dancer, especially in the shape of the roof and roof line. The design embodies both artistic creativity and the traditional concept of Korean beauty.The walls of the exterior are designed in the form of waves to blend in with the beauty of the Han River, while emphasis on the horizontal lines gives an illusion of a bird softly nestled on the Han River especially when viewed from the south.The majestic roof will be built with a stainless steel finish, and tens of thousands of LED on the glass roof lining the sides of the structure will be used to emit different hues and forms of light beams depending on the time of day or the season.The architectural motif of dance is portrayed both at daytime and night time. Light from inside the building shines out through the holes in the roof. Elegant colors and textures of natural material add to the stability of the design. In the central square surrounded by performance halls in the east lies a glass and steel structure. Its as if the art work is displayed in the center for all audiences in the performance halls to watch.As a major viewpoint in the Gangbyeon Expressway and Olympic Expressway, the Han River Art Island will make the most of the islands natural beauty such as its scenic sunrise and sunset. There will be a viewing platform, a pedestrian deck, etc. and the complex will be designed so that stunning views of the Han River can be seen from the Opera House, Symphony Hall and all corners of the Art Island. More than just a performance venue! Enjoy the scenic caf, art museum and other convenience facilitiesThe Han River Art Island will cover an area of 99,102 and will house an opera house, symphony hall, and a multi-purpose theater in the east and a scenic caf, art museum, exhibition hall, outdoor performance stage, and eco-park. Of the 3 main performance halls that will make up this world-class performance venue, the opera house will be designed to accommodate not only operas but also ballets and musicals. It will cover a total floor area of 24,981 and will be 8-storeys high with 2 basement floors. The seating area for the audience will be in the shape of a horseshoe and will seat up to 1,751. There will be 4 T-shaped stages and a soundproof rehearsal stage to provide the best stage facilities in the world. The entire wall of the lobby exterior will be made of a transparent glass curtain wall for a view of the scenic Han River. Details of the opera houses interior were planned carefully, from the choice of floor material to the choice of ceiling material to provide the best sound effects.The 2,100-seat symphony hall will cover an area of 21,062 and will consist of 8 floors. The hall will be in the shape of a shoe box. The Seoul Philharmonic will be the resident orchestra. World-class concert hall acoustics will be installed. Great pains will especially be taken regarding the echo and sound pressure so that the sounds from the orchestra will reach the audience in the best possible form.The multi-purpose performance hall will cover an area of 5,666 from the 2nd to the 7th floor. The hall will seat 320~490 and will support a variety of stage configurations like arena, T-shape, proscenium etc. to accommodate a diverse range of performances and events like plays, chamber music, traditional Korean plays (madang-guk), fashion shows, and international conferences.A park where anyone, from people with disabilities, women, the general public, to tourists can relax and feel at homeThe Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to make the Han River Art Island a first-rate barrier-free physical environment that also caters to people with disabilities and women. The Han River Art Island will be a place where anyone can relax and enjoy themselves, whether theyve come to watch a performance or just relax.All outdoor squares and pedestrian decks will be made barrier-free. People with disabilities can access the Art Island through the elevator which will be installed in the central bus lane on the Hangangdaegyo. The Han River Art Island already received preliminary certification as a first-rate barrier-free environment by the Korea Disabled Peoples Development Institute. Plans are underway to build womens and family toilets and a womans parking zone. The site will accommodate a scenic cafe, art museum, exhibition hall, and special shopping zone. There will also be an outdoor music park on the sites gardens, a row of poplar trees, Eulalie fields that sway with the wind, and the Han Rivers own sandy beach. Environment-friendly complex powered by new renewable energy from the Han RiverAnother characteristic of the Han River Art Island is that it will be built with energy conservation and environment-friendly features to adapt to the era of the Convention on Climate Change and high oil prices.The Seoul Metropolitan Government is preparing for certification as a first-rate environment-friendly building by setting up a system in the Han River Art Island to supply 21.7% of total energy from new renewable energy. Various energy sources like hydrothermal energy, geothermal energy, solar energy, and fuel cells will be used. Cooling and heating systems will rely 90% on natural sources like the Han Rivers water and geothermal energy. We expect this to be a good demonstrational project that other architectural structures near rivers can benchmark.
Opening doors to the global fashion world through the Overseas Collection Support Program The Seoul Metropolitan Government will be selecting 10 active designers in the overseas fashion scene to be recipients of financial support for their overseas collections. This is a program aimed at discovering local talent with potential to become global fashion names, and to give local designers an opportunity to expand their overseas presence.So far, 49 top designers including Lie Sang-bong, Woo Young mi, Juun J, Songzio, Andy and Debb, Choi Bum-suk, Steve and Yoni, and Lee Doii have benefited from this support program which began in 2006. Fashion designers participating in this program have generated 35.5 billion won in orders and engaged in 785 overseas PR activities. To increase support for emerging designers, given the high costs to penetrate global marketsThe Seoul Metropolitan Government will continue to provide financial and management support to local designers in their overseas collections to promote local fashion brands overseas and to develop global fashion names. Also, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will benchmark newly emerging fashion powerhouses such as Japan and Belgium to adopt effective support and management systems. These successful newcomers transformed local names into global brands through carefully planned government support programs from the 1980s. Some of the more well-known success cases are Kenzo, Issey Miyake, Dries van Noten, Ann Demeulemeester. Seoul is emerging as the next center of fashion orientalism, after Japan which caught the attention of the fashion world in 1980~1990 said a spokesman from the Seoul Metropolitan Government. He expressed high hopes adding that Through our support, I would like to see our fashion brands grow to become big global names like Prada and Gucci.
Seoul to initially start operating 15 electric buses on 3 routes in the Namsan area in NovemberSeoul Metropolitan Governmen will begin the operation of environment-friendly electric buses, which emit absolutely no air pollution, this November. These buses were jointly developed by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and a local bus manufacturing company. Development is now complete and according to announcements made on Thursday, June 24th, 15 buses will start normal operation initially.Electric buses run purely on electricity. Since these buses have no gas exhaust outlet, they do not emit fine dust particles, smoke, or other air pollution agents, nor do they discharge greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide like diesel buses. Electric buses are regarded as an environment-friendly means of public transportation for the future. Heat and gaseous particles that are emitted by CNG buses are not emitted by electric buses, and thus electric buses help create more pleasant road and living environment conditions.Takes only 20 minutes to recharge and can travel 120km with a single chargeThe new electric buses boast the worlds best recharging capabilities, taking only 20 minutes to recharge. The high capacity batteries enable the buses to run for 120 km after recharging once and reach a maximum speed of 100km/h.Instead of using iron plates for the main body of the bus, electric buses use a material mainly used by vehicles of the future  carbon composite material. This new material decreases energy consumption by reducing the vehicle weight by 25% and thus extending the distance traveled after a single recharge. The main components of the electric buses such as the battery, motor, inverter etc. were developed using local technology. The technology applied is currently one of the most advanced in the field.The 15 buses will begin operating in the Namsan circular route  one of the more challenging routes in downtown Seoul and an area frequented by tourists. The new buses will be yet another attraction in one of Seouls main hot spots, Namsan. The exterior of the buses were designed to blend with Namsans scenic natural environment. Also different designs such as Haechi, Seouls official color, and the Seoul logo give the buses a Seoul identity. On the sides of the buses are graphic icons of Namsans main attractions  making the buses look like they are on an amusement park excursion. The electric buses will have low floors to improve access of disabled people to Namsan Park.3,800 buses to run by 2020, reducing 140,000 tons of greenhouse gases a yearSeoul Metropolitan Government will start expanding the operation of these buses starting next year so that 3,800 buses, or the equivalent of half of Seouls bus fleet, will be electric buses by 2020. The remaining buses will be replaced by hybrid buses, thus completing the green revolution of Seouls public transportation system.34 electric buses will be running in 6 different routes by next year. In the second half of next year, Seoul will expand the operation of electric buses on short routes with 1-time operation distances of 20km.If Seoul meets its goal by 2020, even when considering greenhouse gases emitted by the power plant producing electricity, more than 40 tons of greenhouse gases can be reduced per bus in a year, adding up to 140,000 tons every year by 2020.Also, 800 tons of nitrogen oxide (NOx) and 350 tons of hydrocarbons emitted every year in the city will no longer be emitted.130 charging facilities to be installed in government offices, retail chains etc. by this yearIn response to the increasing supply of electric vehicles, 41 recharging facilities have been set up in 25 district offices and large retail chain parking lots. This number will increase to 130 within the year. Some of the chargers will be operated for free until a payment system and remote control functions are developed.Smart Charger  which allows you to pay with your transportation card  to be operated for free during pilot run Seoul Metropolitan Government and LG CNS co-developed the Smart Charger last year. So far these Smart Chargers have been installed in the Seoul City Hall Seosomun Annex and Namsan Annex. The development for the Smart Charger operating system is now complete and is undergoing a pilot run. Smart Charger is the first recharger with a payment function that is in the commercial stage. To use the Smart Charger all you have to do is register your transportation card with the Seoul Metropolitan Government. During the pilot period until the end of this year, vehicles will be recharged for free during government office hours. Once the payment system for recharging is set, a fee will be charged.Kwon Hyeok-so, the head of the Environmental Protection Headquarters, said By 2020, half of Seouls buses will be replaced by environment-friendly electric vehicles. Seoul will build an electric car recharging infrastructure that is unparalleled by other cities to ensure the effective supply of electric vehicles.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon embarked on a six-day visit to Spain on June 22, taking him to Madrid, Barcelona and Bilbao, Seoul City said. Oh was on a diplomatic mission to the Spanish cities to celebrate the 60th anniversary of Korea-Spanish diplomatic ties. He was also honored with a UN Public Service Award.The Seoul mayor is the first individual to receive the UN Public Service Award for two consecutive years. Ohs first visit was to Barcelona on June 23 at the formal invitation of the UN.He was commended by the UN Public Service Awards in two policy-related categories, raising global awareness of Seouls outstanding administrative standards, Seoul City said.The UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs (UNDESA) selects the most outstanding policy cases from all over the world, which comprise the UN Public Service Awards. The recognition is considered one of the most authoritative in the field of public administration, allowing for the cases to serve as benchmarks for developing countries.Seouls policies were also recognized by the UN, especially for its Womens Happiness Project and for its Hope Plus Account. The Womens Happiness Project concerns a new concept of a women-friendly policy that called for Seoul City to reflect the female viewpoint and side in its policies. The Hope Plus Account represents a newly implemented Seoul-style welfare policy that calls for Seoul City to provide support to low-income households that would help them generate assets.This years achievements put Seoul City in the overwhelming position of being a recipient of the UN Public Service Awards for three straight years. Of particular note is that Koreas capital was picked two years in a row in the areas of transparency, responsibility and counteraction for public services. Seoul City said it is the worlds first city to receive the two UN awards for two consecutive years.Mayor Oh said he plans to benchmark the underground passage of Madrid, the culture and design policies of Barcelona, and the city revival of Bilbao.Such an agenda prompted Oh to explore the city revival project of Barcelona and visit some of its exemplary environment-friendly buildings so some of the ideas could be applied to Seoul buildings.During a meeting with Barcelona Mayor Jordi Hereu, Oh and Hereu agreed to expand ties and boost exchange of information in various areas, including e-government, design, culture and art.Barcelona is a great example where the tradition and the modern coexist so wonderfully, making the experience richer for visitors, Mayor Oh said. And environmental-friendly structures and parks, pedestrian streets, and the major transportation system all reflect an advanced public design case model of a contemporary city.In Madrid, Oh sought to strengthen cooperation in the areas of culture tourism and transportation, while benchmarking some of the Spanish citys road infrastructure. In Bilbao, the Seoul mayor received a briefing on the citys design policies, while he also listened to the various strategies for preserving history and waterscape.
Chung Kyung-won, head of the Design Seoul project, was invited to speak at a conference organized by the globally leading Design Management Institute, Seoul City said.Chung, who is also chairman of the Korea Design Management Institute, spoke about the management plans of Seouls 2010 World Design Capital. His speech featured an analytical view of the key elements of the Seoul Design project, which includes personnel, organization, and systems.The two-day global conference, which started on June 16 in San Francisco, examined the future of design. It had 17 design industry heavy-weights from around the world as guest speakers, with Chung being the only one from Asia, Seoul City said.The conference gathered a diverse range of experts such as business leaders, industrial designers and design educators. It served as a platform for the participants to gather insight on both the future and role of design through the discussions of various topics, such as innovative designs, the transformation of design, multilateral systems and society, the changes in business and education in the field of design, and real case studies of design management.Seoul City said that the adoption of the 2010 World Design Capital project this year is expected to help market Seoul by helping to boost the global image of Koreas capital and add value to the city.The World Design Capital was recognized by the International Council of Societies of Industrial Design (ICSID) for Seouls development progress through the use of design. The Italian city of Torino was the first to be selected as an exemplary model in 2008, while Seoul was the first city ever to be chosen in a global competition for the World Design Capital in October 2007 at the general meeting of the ICSID held in San Francisco.
On June 15, Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon handed out graduation certificates to young entrepreneurs at the first graduation ceremony of the Youth Entrepreneurial 1000 Project and applauded the young achievers enjoying the fruits of their efforts one year after the launch of their businesses.Seoul City is the first local government to hold the Youth Entrepreneurial 1000 Project, an endeavor aimed at fostering the conditions to help individuals in their 20s and 30s actualize their business ideas.Since July 2009, 59 percent of the 509 companies have secured a business license, while 360 companies have grown into a respectable small- and medium-sized enterprise, posting 19 billion won in sales. Meanwhile, the companies have helped to create 1,700 jobs within one year.Seventy cases also garnered awards abroad for their business activities and development.The first graduation celebration served as a time for looking back on the graduates achievements throughout the past year and as an opportunity for promoting their products to the public.Mayor Oh said that the better-than-expected first year results served to ease the problem of the countrys high youth unemployment rate. He vowed to stand as a firm supporter for young entrepreneurs by offering continual support for establishing distribution routes, implementing marketing strategies and opening up investment opportunities.
A special Seoul Night was held on June 18 at the World Expo 2010 Shanghai, the Seoul City government has announced. The event was specially organized to highlight the attractions of Seoul to the expo visitors from all over the world, with Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon on site actively promoting the Korean capital.The official opening ceremony began with a performance by a fusion-traditional Korean music group at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts. A visual projection of the future of Seoul was also featured, offering a scenic view and moving insight into our visitor-friendly city. The festive mood was heightened with a combined performance of Sachoom and Drumcat, two performances that are popular among foreigners.I believe the international tourists here have fully felt the beauty of Seoul through this Seoul Night event, and I hope such interest will result in a visit to our city, Mayor Oh said. Seoul citizens warmly welcome visitors from all over the world.Seoul City said it recreated Insa-dong at the expo site. Insa-dong is a quaint street in Seoul devoted to offering visitors a traditional Korean experience. Insa-dong in the Seoul pavilion was designed to allow the international tourists to actually see and feel the dynamic characteristics of Koreas traditional recreational activities.Visitors were offered the opportunity to try on traditional costumes and play various age-old games.Mayor Oh also had the chance to visit the Seoul promotion site, which features diverse programs and content to demonstrate the countrys world-class level of information technologies.Seoul City is also holding a raffle draw event, which is a free trip to Seoul. Koreas capital is being promoted with a fresh and clean image.The city is also aggressively making efforts to raise public awareness of Seouls World Design City campaign and offering design-related souvenirs.Seoul City said that as many as 892,815 people visited the Seoul pavilion between May 1 (the opening day) and mid-June. It expects the total to soon reach 1 million.Seouls theme at the Shanghai Expo is Culturenomics and IT. To provide a comprehensive and enriching introduction of the city, the pavilion has five zones, such as the touring zone, a Seoul Plaza zone, a Seoul Sky zone, a Seoul Renaissance zone.Seoul City says the pavilions cutting-edge IT techniques differentiate it from the others.Its like an average of 20,000 people (so far) experiencing the attractive aspects of Seoul each day, a Seoul City official said. We will make our utmost efforts to make the Shanghai Expo an opportunity to attract tourists to Seoul and promote our city at this global event through our pavilion.
The Seoul City government launched a website on June 14 for multicultural families in order to provide them with convenient access to information regarding their community.This portal site named Seoul City Hanultari caters to the diverse foreign community here and is available in five languages: Korean, Chinese, Vietnamese, Japanese and English. The open fun site offers information on lifestyle, simple notes on administrative-related needs, and convenient information on living in Seoul.Multicultural families in Seoul make up the second-largest community in Korea and so we look forward to us all making one happy community. In fact, this is what is suggested through the websites name, Seoul Hanultari, said Cho Eun-hee, an official of Seoul Citys womens family policy division.
The Seoul Global Center, on June 14, started the Foreign Business College program designed to help foreign residents here achieve business success. The program has around 40 enrollees taking part in the three-week program that ends on July 3.The classes feature a basic program and a more in-depth program on internet business, restaurant business, trade and consulting.An expert consultant will be conducting lectures on labor and financial issues. All classes are conducted in English and run from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. on weekdays and from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on Saturdays. Classes are held at the Seoul Global Center, located on the 3rd floor of the Press Center in downtown Seoul.Enrollees receive one-on-one consultation sessions to help them establish a successful business. The program plans to support the placement of potential employees and the building of a community to expand exchange opportunities.Seoul City will be holding the business program regularly, with the next round to begin on Sept. 3 and the one thereafter on Nov. 4.The Foreign Business College was formed in April 2009 to help foreign residents in Seoul start a business. The program has had a total of 139 students up until now. Since its launch, 11 individuals from seven countries, such as Singapore, New Zealand, France, and the United States, have managed to found a successful business in the areas of wholesale, retail, information-technology development, consulting and education, Seoul City said.It noted that most of the enrollees are very satisfied with the program.Because the program is very practical, I want to strongly recommend it to foreigners who dream to get involved in business. It is also a good place for building friendships with people of similar interests, a native from Poland said.The Foreign Business College has developed its programs through careful study of the individual needs gathered through consultations by a foreign business expert at the Seoul Global Center. We also plan to run a program to promote foreigners business plans and also to help create jobs at the same time, a Seoul City official said.
Mayor Oh Se-hoon signed a joint agreement with the Korea Economic Daily and the Community Chest of Korea on June 14 to invigorate the social culture of sharing.The joint agreement highlights the importance of forming a non-governmental fund to popularize a Seoul style of public welfare centered on self-support and independence.Seoul City is planning a Hope Necktie Campaign to promote the private fund. Supporters of the campaign include designer Lee Kun-man, who will donate his designs Korea Economic Daily, which will organize the campaign, make and sell the Hope neckties and allocate the profits and the Community Chest of Korea that will be managing the donations under a transparent system. Seoul City will be providing general support for the public donation activities.The Hope Necktie Campaign will take place from August to December. Organizers aim to sell 50,000 ties and expect to generate about 500 million won in profits for donation.Mayor Oh expressed his hope for the creation of synergy through this joint campaign and to spread a culture of giving.
Designs for AllLast years Seoul Design Olympics, which drew as many as 3 million visitors, will this year appear with a new image and a new name  2010 Seoul Design Fair, Seoul City has announced.The third annual event will take place from Sept. 19 to Oct. 7 under the theme Designs for All at the Jamsil Sports Complex and the four specially selected design clusters: Hongik University, Dongdaemun History & Cultural Park, Gangnam, Sinsa-dong, and Guro Digital Complex.Seoul City, the organizer of the event, said such a format will allow businesses, designers and citizens all to enjoy the fair.Diverse programsThe Seoul Design Fair will be holding a variety of educational programs serving as a participatory medium with the aim of helping to invigorate the economy, create jobs, serve as a communications outlet with citizens and gain support for the design industry.The economics section will serve to strengthen the market functions and the industrial design of the exhibition, while designers and brands will be able to promote and sell their products directly to visitors.The Seoul International Design Exhibition of the participatory section has seen a significant rise in participants this year, organizers said. As of June 1, applicants totaled about 2,400, with overseas applicants accounting for more than half of them. Some of these international hopefuls included overseas companies and globally recognized design schools, such as Politecnico di Milano.The Seoul City event also features a free design course event open to everyone.Attendees of the design fair will also have the chance to hear the expert views of globally leading individuals during the Design Seoul International Conference on Sept. 17 and 18.The speakers include Chris Luebkeman from the United Kingdom, Stefano Giovannoni from Italy, and John Wood, a professor at the University of London.Between 800 and 1,000 design experts from home and abroad, as well as students, are expected to attend.Participation forms must be filled out from July 5 through the 2010 Seoul Design Fair home page (http://sdf.seoul.go.kr/).Meet environment-friendly designsAnother focus of the Seoul Design Fair is environmental friendliness. The Seoul International Bicycle Design Competition Exhibition will feature works created with bicycle parts, and the entire first and second floors of the Jamsil Stadium will be filled with a Green Garden Panorama.Exhibition for global designersThe Seoul design section organized by the Seoul Brand Exhibition will be designed by renowned Italian designer Alessandro Mendini. An exhibition named La Punta, meaning summit, is expected to be shaped like a tower, reinforcing the stature of Design Seoul. Renowned Korean architect Kim Seok-chul will create the city of Seouls exhibition hall with squares and triangles to express the sky, earth and person.The Culture Event Hall expressing the meaning of cohesion and harmony will be designed by world-renowned architect Daniel Libeskind. He will create four interconnecting structures to illustrate the joining of diverse cultures in one place to represent Seoul.The Seoul Design Fair will be open to the public, free of charge, except for the International Conference.For more information, log onto the Seoul City home page (www.seoul.co.kr) and the Seoul Design Fair home page (http://sdf.seoul.go.kr/).
During the World Cup, all of Korea enjoys the Red Devils, fans of our national team bedecked in red t-shirts and devil horns to display their passionate support. They led the cheering during the World Cup in 2002 and 2006, and they have again returned to shore up support for this years tournament at various areas around the city of Seoul.One of those places is the all-famous Seoul City Hall Plaza. Already heated up from South Koreas first match on June 12 with Greece, which ended in a sweet victory, the Red Devils will again flood into the Seoul square on June 17 for the match against Argentina and on June 23 for the match with Nigeria.The cheering chant  Dae~Han Min Kook!  can also be heard at the Gyeongbokgung station of Subway Line No. 3. For the June 12 game, a special stage was set up in the subway stations art gallery to serve as a cheering area.A B-Boy concert and special shows by the Seoul Metro Artist Youth Cheering Squad and the Incheon University Cheering Squad held before the game that day fueled the frenzy. A cheering event has been planned at the Sports Complex subway stop along the No. 2 line for the game with Argentina, scheduled for June 17.Seoul Grand Park is serving as a cheering venue for families. The park was the site of a well-wishing event for the Korean team before it had its first match.Fans are also welcome to gather at Garden Five Central Plaza to shout and cheer. Following the June 12 match, impassioned fans can gather at the Garden Five Life plaza, called Central Garden, for the June 17 game.Participants can view the game on a monster-sized screen installed within the Garden Five grounds. In tune with the fervor, a variety of cultural events, including a B-Boy concert, a fusion Korean traditional music show, and a rock band performance will take place to whip up the fanfare.
Sejong Starry Night Festival to be held from June 7 to June 26 at Sejong Center for Performing ArtsThe 2010 Sejong Starry Night Festival, which will offer a variety of art performances, has started. The festival at a special stage at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts, which features a series of free-ticket cultural performances, is designed to provide Seoul citizens with various cultural events in the spring and autumn, and is loved by office workers and many Seoul citizens.The festival provides a number of specially-designed events every week. During the first week (June 7 to June 11), the festival starts with opera performances, followed by jazz performances (June 14 to June 18). From June 21 to June 25, various musical events, which include jazz, classic and musical performances, will be held. On June 12, June 19, and June 26, percussionists will offer cheerful performances as well.Any further inquiries, call at 02-399-1611
The Shanghai expo has received 70 million visitors in the first 6 days and the Seoul pavilion is proving extremely popular. A total of 280,071 visitors have seen the Seoul exhibit as of May 26. In particular, 21,156 guests visited the pavilion on May 19 alone, recording the most number of visitors since the opening of the world exposition.In a joint meeting of UBPA (the Urban Best Practices Area) held on May 13, the Seoul Pavilion was named as the best role model of a city exhibition, Kim Young-hee, a staff at the Seoul Pavilion, said.The most popular exhibit in the Pushi region is the Seoul Pavilion, Kim added. If more services such as cell phone patch, city brochures and spring water are provided considering the hot Shanghai weather, more people will visit the exhibit.Visitors to the Seoul exhibit enjoyed a variety of Seouls displays including digital oil painting and chroma key, showing much interest in the Koreas capital city.
The International Archival Cultural Exhibition 2010, June 1-6, 2nd floor of COEXFestival of the worlds document heritage1,000 national treasures on displayThere is a great chance to see Tripitaka Korea, the original Gutenberg Bible and representative UNESCO designated world document heritage in one place.The International Archival Cultural Exhibition 2010 opens on June 1 through 6 on the first floor of the COEX A Hall. This exhibit showcases 1,000 items of original world document heritage including Tripitaka Koreana, the Gutenberg Bible, the Grimms Fairy Tale collection, Joseonwangjosillok, the Diary of Seungjeongwon, Uigwe, and Donguibogam, as well as rare items including the Declaration of Human Rights and original drawings of the Eiffel Tower of Paris and the original version of the War Diary.One of the most eye catching is Tripitaka Korea (National Treasure No. 32). The original version of the Tripitaka was moved from Hapcheon Hainsa to Seoul 17 years ago. The number of boards of the UNESCO-designated Tripitaka amount to 80,000 and 84,000 Buddhist writings are inscribed in tens of billions of characters. It is the oldest complete collection of the Buddhist Sutras in the world.The original Gutenberg Bible makes its debut in KoreaAnother attention-grabber is the original version of the Gutenberg Bible. The Gutenberg bible was known as the worlds first metal type until Jikji Simche Yojeol(collections abstracted from preachment, conversations and letters by monks) was designated as the worlds first by UNESCO. It is a Latin vulgate bible printed by Joannes Gutenberg in the 15th century and often called the 4-line bible since one page is in 42 lines.In addition to this, the collection of Grimm Brothers Fairy Tales including Snow White, Red Hat and Hansel and Gretel and representative UNESCO archival documents such as Joseonwangjosilok, Dairy of Seungjeongwon, Magna Carta, De Gaulles plea, Beethovens Symphony 9, as well as numerous national treasures.IACE showcases documents by UN, 18 nationsThe international Archive Exhibit displays the worldwide heritage from the United Nations and 19 nations in five continents.The exhibit displays a total of 400 items including the video and photos of the 1950-53 Korean War and the first general election in Korea  submitted by the United Nations, Frances Napoleonic Code, the Unite States Declaration of Independence and Constitution, Korean War records and 19 century Hanoi map and Northern Vietnams Constitution. Hands-on experience and demonstration of making ancient documentsVisitors can participate in the events held at the hands-on experience exhibit. The ritual reproduces the ceremony of the official deposit of the Annals to the depository for safekeeping which had been conducted in the Joseon Dynasty. It also presents the ceremony of moving the Tripitaka Koreana which had been produced during the Mongol invasion of Korea to the Haeinsa Temple for safekeeping against the continued threat of Japanese pirates. The admission is free until June 6 and the guided tour is provided for group visitors. More information is available at http://www.iace.or.kr/ Contact: The Ministry of Public Administration and Security- National Archives of Korea at (82) 31-750-2298
Seoul City to recruit 4,000 people by end of June who will volunteer from Nov. 11 to Nov. 13The Seoul Metropolitan City is recruiting volunteers who will assist during the two-day summit of the G-20 in Seoul that runs from Nov. 11 to 12.The chosen volunteers will work from Nov. 8 to Nov. 13 to support various events such as the G-20 Business Summit to be held from Nov. 10 to Nov. 11 and the G-20 summit that will be held from Nov. 11 to Nov. 12. They will support international visitors who come to Seoul for the meetings by guiding them to their accommodations, as well as helping them visit famous places in Seoul and other regions.The volunteers for the G-20 summit and other events will serve as Seoul Metropolitan Citys civilian diplomats, helping boost Seoul Citys image and brand value, said an official at the City Government.Guidelines for recruitment of volunteers for G-20
What is the geographical center of Seoul? Jongno? Gwanghwamun? Myeong-dong? All wrong. The answer is Namsan. Seoul City pinpointed the top of Namsan as the citys geographical center and plans to build a monument at the location. Although most Seoul citizens assume that Dorowonpyo in Gwanghwamun is the geographical center of Seoul, this is not the case in fact. Built in 1914 during the Japanese occupation of Korea, Dorowonpyo is a monument measuring the distances from Seoul to 18 cities on the Korean Peninsula. In 1896, a location on the first floor of Hanaro Bldg. at 194-4, Insa-dong, Jongno-gu was also pinpointed as the geographical center of Seoul. But, the location was pinpointed during the Joseon Dynasty and didnt fit the dimensions of modern Seoul, which has significantly expanded its administrative districts since then. So, Seoul City conducted a GPS survey and pinpointed the top of Namsan as the citys geographical center in 2008. If Seoul City completes construction of the monument representing the geographical center of Seoul, it would help make the location even more of a tourist attraction. Related to the project, Seoul City is renovating a large-scale Zero Point (triangulation station) on top of Namsan, part of the citys beautification project for the mountain. The monument will be equipped with global positioning systems. Also, Seoul City unveiled an image featuring the geographical center by combining the citys geographical shape, Hangang and its 25 local districts.
The Arisu Tourism Course, a program to experience the history of Seouls waterworks and tour surrounding areas, will be developed for tourists home and abroad. Last year alone, approximately 70,000 tourists visited the Waterworks Museum and Arisu Water Treatment Plant. The figures are rising every year, and the Seoul Metropolitan Government is devising various programs, such as the Waterworks Experience Tour, to assist visitors understanding of Arisu.Previously, the programs included only a tour and explanation of the facilities. The new programs will offer a chance for visitors to acquire hands-on experience at Seouls major waterworks facilities, such as the Arisu Water Treatment Plant, and select from three courses to explore Seouls famous destinations nearby.Arisu Exploration Course 1: Waterworks Museum  Ttukdo Arisu Water Purification Center  Seoul Forest: Yesterday, Today and Tomorrow of ArisuVisitors can appreciate the value of water at the Waterworks Museum, designated Tangible Cultural Property No. 72 by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, located within the Ttukdo Arisu Water Purification Center, and boasting a 102-year history. Various interesting programs, such as making natural soap and trying the water-carrying yoke, are currently in service.Visiting the Ttukdo Arisu Water Purification Center to experience its state-of-the-art manufacturing process should be an interesting addition to the course.A walk through Seoul Forest and experience of the seasonal changes and beauty of surrounding trees and flowers will charm all visitors. In particular, the Hill of Wind, overlooking the entire forest, is a delightful path with a breathtaking view of the Hangang River. Family Experience Exploration Course 2: Arisu Promotion Center (to open in July)  Guui Water Purification Center  Cultural PropertiesHow about giving children a chance to see cultural properties and evidence of historical facts and to experience the water and environment?The Guui Water Purification Plants 1 and 2, registered as cultural properties, offer an opportunity to see the changing history of the waterworks in Gwangjin-gu, Seoul. In addition, Koreas first Childrens Water Promotion Center located in the Neungdong Childrens Grand Park will open in July this year. This course will be both a learning and entertaining experience for the entire family.Green Exploration Course 3: Yeongdeungpo Advanced Water Purification Center  Westlake ParkThe environmentally-friendly Yeongdeungpo Advanced Water Purification Center and Westlake Park, which is Seouls largest park in the southwest region, are the stuff of new memories for local residents.The park is impressive in that it used to be an inaccessible water purification plant but now has harmonious structures made from water pipes to create a unique atmosphere.Applications for each course may be made through the waterworks website (http://arisu.seoul.go.kr) or by telephone  with the exception of the Yeongdeungpo Advanced Water Purification Center and Arisu Promotion Center located within the Neungdong Childrens Grand Park, which will be completed, come July. If possible, all three courses will be in service from July.
Seoul City marked the 10th anniversary of the launch of a program designed to offer job training for young people from Asian nations, as part of the citys efforts to raise its profile in Asia and provide educational opportunities for young people from its sister cities. So far, 369 foreigners from 12 cities have completed the Vocational Training Program for Young People in Foreign Sister Cities. This year, another 69 foreign young people are undergoing the job training in Seoul. Also this year, among the 369 graduates, 21 foreign job trainees were invited by Seoul City to participate in another program to improve their job skills from April 12 to 23. The 21 graduates, who received job training from 2005 to 2006, are undergoing up-to-date vocational education in their fields at the city-affiliated Elim Vocational Training School in Gunpo, where they were educated four years ago, and getting a chance to experience Koreas development by touring municipal, industrial, and cultural sectors in the country. On April 13, 14 and 17, the 21 graduates learned the latest technologies and trends in six fields: furniture, beauty, design, web design, auto repair, and cooking. On April 15 and 16, they met the Seoul Vice Mayor I for Administrative Affairs and toured the city. From April 19, they toured plants of POSCO and Hyundai Motor as well as cultural sites in Gyeongju, Busan, and Jeju-do. The tour program in Seoul included Dongdaemun Design Plaza, Cheonggyecheon (Stream), Gwanghwamun Square, DMC, and Cheong Wa Dae Sarangbang. The Vocational Training Program for Young People in Foreign Sister Cities is a sort of an international aid activity to let young people in sister cities find a new chance of life, said an official at Seoul City in charge of the program. In the wake of the 10th anniversary of the launch of the project, we invited graduates who have been successful in their own country and provide them education for the latest technologies. It would also increase Seouls brand awareness and bolster the nations international competitiveness. 
Seoul City released the results of the 2009 Seoul Survey on April 14, a large-scale annual survey on the quality of life of Seoul citizens, their living conditions, housing conditions, interests, and values. The survey, which will be used as basic material to map out the citys policies and public administration, was conducted by in-person interviews with 20,000 households (46,153 people over the age of 15) in Seoul and 2,500 foreigners living in the city during October last year. According to the survey, the levels of satisfaction by Seoul citizens in the categories of health and finance have been on a steady rise annually. The happiness index which indicates the quality of life in the city stood at 6.63 points (out of 10 points), an increase of 0.23 points from 2005. In addition, the pride index for Seoul citizens rose by 3.2 points to 73.1 points. Also, 78.6 percent of the surveyed people said they regard Seoul as their hometown. One of notable points in the survey was that the rate of charitable donations by Seoul citizens has risen since 2006 despite economic difficulties (34.6%37.0%44.5%46.9%). In addition, the volunteering rate has been on an upswing, indicating that the culture of social involvement is spreading among citizens (12.8%18.5%21.3%21.7%).By category, the level of satisfaction with housing conditions stood at 5.9 points. Social environment received 5.4 points, while economic environment got 5.08 points and educational environment 4.95 points. Overall, the levels of satisfaction with them were similar to or slightly higher than those last year. The level of satisfaction with public transportation rose by 0.15 point from last year with satisfaction with subways rising 0.22 points. However, the living hazards in Seoul continued to decline to 4.49 points in 2009, a drop of 1.35 points from 2003. 74.7 percent do financial planning, preference for bank savings rises 4.7 percentage points The rate of households with debts fell by 3.5 percent from a year ago to 46.2 percent in 2009. But, the rate of households that do financial planning rose 3.6 percent to 74.7 percent. The rate of households that manage money for retirement, which had fallen since 2003, rose 2.3 percent from a year ago to 59 percent. 53.7 percent of Seoul citizens check expiration dates before buying food In one of questionnaire items on food safety, which was included in the survey for the first time, 53.7 percent responded that they check expiration and production dates before they buy food. The survey also found that each household in Seoul owns an average of 1.03 personal computers and 2.57 mobile phones. Also, the average citizen in Seoul uses the Internet for 1.88 hours a day and views television programs for 2.45 hours a day. Meanwhile, foreigners living in Seoul were satisfied with safety (7.16 points), housing conditions (6.94), the level of openness and friendly attitude by Seoul citizens (6.56), and communications (6.48). The level of satisfaction by foreigners with public transportation rose 0.49 point to 7.29 points with satisfaction with subways rising to 8.12 points.
Focus shifts to universal welfare for ordinary people from traditional welfare for underprivileged classes The Seoul Welfare Net policy was launched to significantly expand social safety net coverage to housing, culture, education, health, and childcare for ordinary people, away from traditional welfare policies toward five underprivileged classes: low-income people, people with disabilities, the elderly, women, and children. Beyond the traditional welfare policies that mainly offer money to needy people, the Seoul Welfare Net policy aims to help them stand on their own feet and help them become more mentally self-reliant. By taking into consideration a change in the administrative environment and lifestyle, Seoul City also plans to expand the coverage of welfare services to all citizens, allowing them to receive such services whenever they need. As the name of the new policy indicates, the Seoul Welfare Net policy aims to ensure a tightly-knit social safety net, by strengthening the existing 220 welfare projects such as the Seoul Hope Dream Project for low-income people, the 9988 Seniors Project, the A Happy City for the Disabled Project, the Womens Happiness Project and the Dream Tree (Child Development) Project. In addition, Seoul City is adding another 130 projects on issues such as housing for the elderly and childbirth to the of new welfare policy list. In other words, the new welfare initiative aims to provide a safety net to all citizens without blind spots and greater benefits for low-income, underprivileged people that increase self-reliance. Seoul Welfare Net Center, one-stop service, management center for about 300 welfare servicesTo that end, Seoul City formed the  Seoul Welfare Net Center under the Seoul Welfare Foundation with the aim of providing one-stop services for about 300 welfare services. By making an organized collection of vast data on the citys welfare policies, the center is comprehensively managing them. Also, the center is offering one-stop services by making on-site consultations and linking services to each other. At the center, there are ten experts with the title of welfare manager and 130 volunteers who work as on-site consultants. The consultants also build cooperative relationships with local districts, community service centers, social welfare facilities, and private organizations. In particular, they assist people with urgent needs to get help from those organizations. Consultants meet people who need welfare benefits Most importantly, the Seoul Welfare Net policy enables on-site consultants to meet people who are less fortunate and need welfare services beyond the traditional form of welfare services in which most officials wait for needy people to visit their offices. If needy people are reported by a community service center or register themselves with the Seoul Welfare Net Center, an on-site consultant will visit their homes and survey what benefits they require. The consultant then helps a relevant organization provide welfare services to them.
In a bid to protect public health and the environment from toxic asbestos, which can cause serious illnesses such as malignant cancer or fibrosis, Seoul City unveiled specific measures to comprehensively dispose of asbestos waste. The new measures were an upgraded version of the Five-Point Comprehensive Measures on Asbestos, which was announced by the city in October 2009 to systematically dispose of asbestos-containing materials in old buildings to be demolished at reconstruction sites. Adding to the 2009 countermeasures, Seoul City decided to carry out the Assessment of Environmental Effects of Asbestos from this year. The assessment calls for regulators to review an asbestos abatement project at a reconstruction site before the asbestos abatement project is actually conducted. In addition, Seoul City plans to remove asbestos in all subway stations of Seoul Metro by 2014. Separately, the city formed a group of overseers consisted of residents, parents and environmental activists to allow them to oversee asbestos abatement projects at 24 reconstruction sites. Fifty percent-plus requirement set for asbestos environmental assessment of building spaceUnder the 2010 Seoul City Comprehensive Management Plan on Asbestos, the city introduced the Assessment of Environmental Effects of Asbestos for new town development, redevelopment and reconstruction projects from this year. The plan calls for builders engaging in those projects to submit to the assessment before they demolish old buildings to build new ones. As part of the assessment process, the city plans to conduct a survey on the asbestos content in at least 50 percent of any building space to be demolished and draw out an asbestos map.Asbestos survey, asbestos map on public, private buildings By 2011, Seoul City plans to complete surveys of asbestos content in 972 city-owned buildings. In addition, the city plans to expand survey coverage to private buildings from 2013. Also, the city will start work to make subway stations asbestos-free areas. Last year, Seoul Metro, the public corporation which runs subway lines in Seoul, prepared an asbestos map for all subway stations and bases. Based on the map, Seoul Metro plans to complete removing asbestos in all subway stations and bases by 2014. Investigation team launched to secure ability to analyze asbestos Whats more, the city formed an asbestos investigation team and installed a transmission electronic microscope at the Research Institute of Public Health & Environment, Seoul Metropolitan Government to secure a state-of-the art ability to analyze asbestos. Also, the city issued a decree on asbestos safety management and operates a web site for transparent disclosure of information. Besides, the city launched a countermeasure headquarters on asbestos management, headed by the Vice Mayor1 for Administrative Affairs and senior officials at relevant bureaus. By systematically managing asbestos disposal at all reconstruction sites in Seoul City, the city aims to ensure citizens live in a cleaner Seoul, said an official at Seoul City.
The Hi Seoul Festival 2010, planned to be held from May 1 to 9, has been delayed till autumn. Seoul City said it pushed back the Hi Seoul Festival to autumn due to the national mourning after the sinking of the Cheonan patrol ship. This year, the city plans to scale back the annual festivals programs. Seoul City expects to hold the Hi Seoul Festival, which aims to become a festival made by citizens in Seoul and enjoyed by people around the world, in late September or early October. The programs will be trimmed down and linked to events organized by the government and private sectors in autumn. Launched in 2003, the Hi Seoul Festival had been held every spring, sometime before or after the Childrens Day national holiday. In 2008, the festival was held four times, once in each of the four seasons, but this year marks the first time that the festival will be delayed to autumn.
Dasan Plaza, a one-stop service center named after a pen name of Jeong Yak-yong, a leading Korean philosopher in the late Joseon Dynasty who is known for his practical ideology for humanity, integrity, and creativity, celebrated its third anniversary on April 10. In the wake of the third anniversary, Dasan Plaza surveyed the level of satisfaction with its services and trumpeted its achievements. Over the past three years, more than 540,000 citizens visited Dasan Plaza and the customer-satisfaction rate rose to 91.8 percent from 81 percent. That means Dasan Plaza solidified its status as a place for public administration services for citizens.  Identification check shortened to one day from three daysTo enhance a customer-oriented public administration service, Dasan Plaza has continued to quicken the service process and Internet-based application services. In particular, the processing time for an identification check, which is essential for a citizen to make an application for civil affairs, was shortened to one day from three days as Dasan Plaza streamlined the identification check process. Unique services at Dasan Plaza Appointment-based service For the first time in Korea, Dasan Plaza introduced the appointment-based service, allowing a citizen to make an appointment with a consultant at the plaza. Over the past three years, a daily average of 80 citizens visit the plaza by making an appointment with a consultant at a time and date set by the citizens, and they received consulting services on administrative affairs, including free legal consultations. Convenient facilities for women and people with disabilitiesAt Dasan Plaza, there are a consulting room, a wireless Internet zone, and a machine that issues various certificates. In June last year, the plaza added a women-only consulting room. In addition, there are video telephones for the hearing-impaired people and screen readers on laptop computers for visually-impaired people Children-only restroom at Seoul City Hall In August last year, Seoul City renovated restrooms at Seoul City Hall and opened a family restroom, a children-only restroom and a powder room for the public. The children-only restroom is used by children assisted by their parents. Officials armed with kindness Officials at Dasan Plaza meet citizens in a spirit of kindness. They greet citizens with a smile and treat them as customers, sitting only after a citizen customer has taken a seat. Also, assistants trained in customer satisfaction helps with everything a customer needs until the customer leaves the plaza. Monitoring by mystery shoppers and a system of receiving feedback from users are some of the ways the Dasan Plaza seeks to improve its services. At 120 Dasan Call Center, consultation calls to top 15 million, satisfaction rate reaches 90.5%Meanwhile, the number of consultation calls handled by the 120 Dasan Call Center was expected to surpass 15 million calls on April 12, about three years and three months after the one-stop call center started its service in January 2007. According to a survey, 90.5 percent of users said they were satisfied with the services by the Dasan Call Center, citing its accurate, fast information consultations anytime and anywhere active consultations and consultation services via short text messages. 
A U.S.-based high-tech investment firm, JABEZ International Corporation, will invest about 120 billion won (US$100 million) in the Digital Media City (DMC) in Sangam-dong, Seoul. Seoul City and JABEZ International signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) to cooperate and jointly promote the DMC on April 2. Under the MOU, JABEZ International will set up its services for car navigation devices, black boxes, LED lighting, and intelligent transportation system in the DMC.JABEZ International develops and exports technologies such as LCD monitors, LED, car navigation, black box, and Radio Frequency Identification (RFID). In August last year, JABEZ International signed another MOU with Seoul City to invest a total of $50 million in the DMC and jointly promote the DMC project. JABEZ International subsequently opened its office in the DMC High-tech Industry Center. Seoul City said the latest MOU with JABEZ International offered a chance to put the DMC on the global stage by solidifying its status as a global business hub. Also, the city said it will continue to advertize the DMCs competitiveness to foreign investment companies and provide active support to lure foreign investment. In addition, JABEZ International expressed a willingness to actively participate in various efforts by Seoul City to nurture high-tech companies in the DMC by cooperating and sharing experiences with promising venture start-ups in the DMC. In particular, the latest MOU is expected to create synergy with local developers of car navigation systems in the DMC, as JABEZ International vowed to cooperate with them.
Seoul introduces public marketing concept into administration, taking first step to raise citys brand awarenessThe competitiveness of a country stems from that of its city. Also, it is not too much to say that the brand value of a country is formed by that of its city. In that context, the role of Seoul City and other metropolitan cities for South Koreas brand value is quite considerable. As the capital city of Korea, Seoul has played an important role in boosting the nations brand awareness. In addition to the role of increasing the nations brand recognition, Seoul has been benchmarked by other cities and provinces in managing their brands and making efforts to stand on their own feet. How has Seoul become the top city brand of Korea and grown into a metropolitan city comparable to other major cities in the world?In the mid-1990s, Seoul City took the first step to increase its brand awareness by applying a concept of public marketing into its city administration. In particular, the city launched a large-scale campaign to raise its international profile in the wake of the 2002 Korea-Japan World Cup. At the time, the campaign took place under the catchphrase of Hi-Seoul for the first time, and the city placed its advertisements in major airports in Tokyo, Beijing, and Hong Kong. Also, Seoul offered support for journalists who came to the city to cover the World Cup and aired a video program introducing the Cheonggyecheon stream, which runs 5.8 kilometers through central Seoul.In 2006, Seoul City stepped up its efforts to increase the citys brand recognition, by launching a set of overseas campaigns under the vision of Worlds Top-Class City, Seoul with two slogans Refresh your Soul in Seoul and Be @ Seoul. At that time, a survey on the image of Seoul found that the city was mostly viewed as the capital of Korea. For the year, the city started a relatively big ad campaign in Asia and strengthened various marketing activities in Europe to capitalize on the 2006 Germany World Cup. So, 2006 was the first year when Seoul carried out consolidated marketing worldwide.Another turning point for Seouls overseas marketing came in 2007, when the city set a goal of improving its tourism competitiveness and making the city a clean and attractive city. In addition, Seoul adopted a new slogan of Soul of Asia with the aim of making Seoul a center of Asia. Based on the new initiative, Seoul City mapped out a variety of strategies for public relations to help the city draw more tourists by linking the citys identity to its brand awareness.Such efforts have paid off. Since then, the image of Seoul has been changed from a perception that its image lagged behind those of major cities in Japan and China. Also, Seouls dynamic image as a young city gained appeal from around the world. At the time, Seoul City achieved a goal of making itself a city where traditional and modern culture co-exist by promoting the Korean Wave or Hallyu of modern pop culture in collaboration with the central governments efforts for the Hallyu of traditional Korean culture.In 2008, Seoul City took a giant step in its overseas marketing by significantly increasing the budget for overseas marketing efforts to 40 billion won (US$35.6 million) from 5.3 billion won in 2007. The sharp rise came as the city judged that boosting tourism in the city would significantly help create jobs and attract foreign currencies. And then, the city launched a campaign to build its unique brand image, compared with those in other cities such as Hong Kong and Singapore. As part of the effort, Seoul City invited the English Premier League football club Manchester United under a sponsorship program. In 2009, Seoul started localizing its overseas marketing campaign by adopting a new slogan of Infinitely yours, Seoul. Whats more, the city placed ads on global media companies such as CNN and launched promotional campaigns in online social networking sites to build relationships with people around the globe. Many experts say the aggressive brand campaigns overseas by Seoul City achieved positive results. According to a survey of 1,600 local people in China, Japan and Thailand, conducted by AC Nielsen, a global marketing research firm, Seoul was selected as the first or second city where they most wanted to visit within a year (second in China, first in Japan, first in Thailand). In particular, most Chinese and Thai people surveyed said they came to like Seoul after watching advertisements for Seoul on television or the Internet. The survey found that 92.8 percent of Chinese people surveyed, 72.2 percent of Japanese people, and 91 percent of Thai people had viewed the ads. In the first 11 months of 2009, the number of foreign tourists visiting Korea surpassed 7 million people, up 14.4 percent from the same period a year ago.
The Seoul Design Assets Exhibition, held at Seoul Museum of History from January 8 to March 28 with the aim of increasing the identity and superiority of design in Seoul in the wake of the citys designation as the 2010 World Design Capital, has been extended from April 9 to June 6. The exhibitions venue was also moved to Dongdaemun History & Culture Park. The Seoul Design Assets Exhibition is organized by Seoul City to show off 51 properties with excellent design work in Seoul to commemorate the citys designation as the 2010 World Design Capital. The 51 properties, designated by Seoul in July last year, include Gyeongbokgung (Palace), Sungnyemun, Insa-dong, and Cheonggyecheon (Stream). By illustrating design assets in Seoul with state-of-the-art information technology, the Seoul Design Assets Exhibition is set up to allow visitors to vividly experience design assets of the past, present, and future Seoul. The extended exhibitions move to Dongdaemun History and Culture Park is meaningful because the park is considered a living spot of the 600-year-old history of Seoul. In particular, the highly-trafficked area of Dongdaemun, one of Seouls cultural districts, draws about 2.1 million foreign tourists a year, or half of the 4.2 million annual foreign visitors to the city. In addition to watching the Seoul Design Assets Exhibition, visitors will have a chance to see the architectural beauty of Dongdaemun History and Culture Park, which features nature, history, and state-of-the-art technology. Seoul Design Assets Exhibition
Organizers for e-Stars Seoul 2010 an annual competition and tournament for computer and video gaming fanatics from all over the world, officially announced the event on April 7. Dubbed a global digital cultural festival e-Stars Seoul has been held in Seoul since 2007 to help nurture the countrys computer and video game industry and promote e-sports worldwide. Also, the event has served as a true place of harmony among gamers around the globe.The main event for e-Stars Seoul 2010 will be held from Aug. 13 to 15 at the Convention Hall of COEX Exhibition Center in Samseong-dong. This years event is expected to draw again attention from cyber athletes and e-sports fans because of various auxiliary events. In particular, the venue for this years event will be moved to COEX Exhibition Center for the sake of participating companies and viewers. Parts of the venue will be formed like a theme park, allowing visitors to play computer games.Intercontinental competitions to be held at e-Stars SeoulAt this years event, international competitions will consist of an intercontinental competition between the East and West in the two games of Counter-Strike and WarCraft III, as well as an all-Asian competition for Korean computer and video games. Teams of cyber athletes from Asia and those from Europe and America will face off at the international competition Continental Cup and an individual match called King of the Game. At the Asia Championship, competitors will play Korean computer and video games. Theme park will be formed for families On the sidelines of the competition, organizers will form a theme park, allowing family members to play video and online games. At the Game Theme Park under the theme of a virtual world of games playing with your mother and father, there will be a playground of emotional games, a virtual game zone, and an exhibition hall for digital gadgets. Also, there will be a site whether 400 personal computers are connected. Called e-Party, the site will allow family members such as children, parents, and grandparents to form a team and play against other family teams.e-Stars Summit to be held to discuss development of global e-sports In addition, the e-Stars Summit will be held on the sidelines of the main event. The summit will be a forum to discuss ways to bolster global cooperation for e-sports. The e-Stars Summit, which would be the first of its kind, is aimed at mapping out practical solutions to build collaborative relationships among organizers for e-sports worldwide and seek ways for joint development in the video game industry.
Lets enjoy the flowers of spring along 163-kilometers worth of Spring Flower Streets in SeoulWith spring here amidst the blooming of a myriad of flowers, some practical information about great spring outing options would seem relevant. So, Seoul City has designated 100 flower-lined streets, parks and stream banks as the 100 Spring Flower Streets in Seoul that total 163-kilometers in length. The 100 Seoul Flower Streets in Seoul include 36 flower-lined streets inside parks, 29 sidewalks and 31 stream banks.Any spring outing with the family or a loved one must include convenient public transportation and various things to enjoy and eat. The large-sized parks in Seoul, such as Dream Forest, Ttukseom Seoul Forest and World Cup Park, meet such conditions. If you want to enjoy a variety of festivals, along with spring flowers, then the Cherry Blossom Festival in Namsan Park and the Spring Flower Festival in Yeouido, by the Hangang, are your safest bets for April.After enduring this years longer-than-expected winter packed with unusually heavy snowfall, it will do you the world of good to walk along a flower-lined street to say goodbye to winter and hello to spring. 
Seoul City selected a total of 50 collaborative medical institutions, in five medical services, as part of its efforts to promote medical tourism. Over the next year, the city and the selected medical institutions plan to develop a variety of medical tour packages based on type of medical service, nation and income. The 50 medical institutions were chosen by a fair and transparent assessment process. (21 institutions for health checks, five for dermatology, five for dentistry, six for oriental medicine and 13 for plastic surgery).In order to advertise the citys high medical standards and develop medical tour packages combined with hallyu (Korean wave), fashion, shopping, Korean food and performances, Seoul City plans to work with the collaborative medical institutions, relevant institutions and PR agencies for medical tourism. In addition, Seoul City aims to play a leading role so as to gain a bigger slice of the booming medical tourism market by providing the collaborative medical institutions with coordinators and experts for overseas PR and marketing activities.
Water fountains start operating 3-4 hours a day during commuting and lunch hours  floor fountains and music fountains expected to draw crowdsAlong with blooming flowers, fountains jetting water into the air are making people in Seoul feel a sense of spring. Water fountains around Seoul, including Dream Forest, Seoul Forest, and Namsan Park, spurted into action from April 3. The fountains operate for three to four hours a day, during lunchtime and morning and evening commuting hours. The daily duration of operation was reduced by about one hour, but Seoul City plans to extend the operation of 110 floor fountains by one to two hours a day on weekends, weather permitting. Also this year, floor fountains and music fountains are expected to draw popularity from children and adult visitors. A music fountain in front of Childrens Grand Park, which was renovated last year, is a favorite site for families. Much of the fountains appeal springs from its diverse displays of water, music, and light. Another jukebox-style music fountain erupted into operation at Boraemae Park. The music fountain operates with pre-programmed songs during daytime hours, but it can play songs selected by visitors between 9 and 10 p.m. Out of a playlist of 109 titles, including pop songs, classical music and childrens songs, a person can choose his or her favorite tune for 1,000 won per song. There are five floating fountains in Wolyeong Pond of Dream Forest. The fountains jet water into the air while floating on the pond. They operate regardless of the depth of the pond and can be moved easily. An official at Dream Forest said a view from Cheongun Square (Green Plaza) is particularly great. Launched last year, a sound-recognition fountain at Westlake Park is also becoming a famous site in the area. The fountain blasts to life whenever there is noise from an overflying plane. Many visitors wait in anticipation of a plane just to see the fountains operation, a sign of its popularity. Floor fountains in public parks are also popular with children because they provide wide places for children to romp around and for parents to take a rest on benches. Among the popular floor fountains are the Jumping Fountain in Dream Forest, Floor Fountain in Seoul Forest, Floor Forest in World Cup Park, and Floor Fountain in Gwanaksan Saemmal Park. Also popular are the Floor Fountain in Gwanghwamun Square, Floor Fountain in Seoul Plaza, Floor Fountain in Segeomjeong Samgeo-ri of Jongno-gu, Floor Fountain in Banghak Sagye Plaza of Dobong-gu, Floor Fountain in Sun & Moon Fountain Park of Yangcheon-gu, and Floor Fountain in front of Green Plaza nearby E-Mart of Gangdong-gu.
The Seoul Folk Flea Market, which is being positioned as a tourist attraction allowing visitors to buy all sorts of knick-knacks and traditional handicrafts at cheap prices and to eat Koreas traditional foods, is adding another enjoyable feature. In the wake of the 2010 Visit Korea Year, the Traditional Culture Experience Center was opened to the public on April 1 at the Seoul Folk Flea Market in Sinseol-dong. The new Traditional Culture Experience Center lets local visitors revive their childhood memory and makes traditional culture accessible. For foreigners, the center offers a chance to understand Korean culture through direct experience. The center plans to hold a regular tour program for kindergarten and elementary school students. In the future, the center plans to roll out a tour package for foreigners in collaboration with travel agencies.The center will be in operation until Nov. 30, enabling visitors to make such folk craft as Hahoe masks, hand mirrors, folding fans, Hanji (Korean paper) jewelry boxes, and paper rubbings for free. People can take their finished craftwork home with them. After June 2, the experience programs will charge 2,000 won (US$1.78) per local visitor.The experience programs are available between 10:30 and 18:00 and visitors can make reservations in advance by telephone (02-2231-4037) or online at http://blog.naver.com/pmmarket.
 The Changing of the Royal Guard, which is reenacted three times a day (except Mondays), in front of Deoksugung (Palace), is drawing popularity from domestic and foreign tourists with its colorful costumes and swirling music. In the wake of the spring season, when the number of people walking outside is rising, the parade is adding four horses with mounted royal guards in collaboration with the Seoul Metropolitan Policy Agency. The mounted royal guards will perform the Sulla parade, a reenactment of the patrol of the royal guards from Deoksugung to Bosingak (Belfry), at 11:00 a.m. every Tuesday. The parade is performed to Gwanghwamun Square at 3:30 p.m. from Wednesday to Sunday. To offer a wide range of attractions to the Changing of the Royal Guard, there is also a traditional character performance. Among the other events are wearing traditional Korean costumes, taking a commemorative photograph and playing a big drum. Such events are expected to bring a unique sense of pleasure to the many tourists at Deoksugung. About the Changing of the Royal Guard There was a military unit called Sumungun, which was in charge of opening, closing, guarding and patrolling the gates of the palaces during the Joseon Dynasty. Seoul City reenacted the ceremonial changing of the gateway soldiers based on expert historical research and has performed the ceremony since 1996. Comparable to the ceremonial changing of the guards at Britains Buckingham Palace, Seoul City has touted the ceremony as a reenactment of Koreas traditional palace culture.
The Ttukseom Beautiful Flea Market, the nations biggest outdoor goodwill flea market that drew a total of about 250,000 visitors last year, opened on March 27 at Hangang Park in the Ttukseom District. Launched with an opening ceremony, on March 27, at Hangang Park in the Ttukseom District, in front of Ttukseom Park Station, the flea market now opens from noon to 4:00 p.m., every Saturday, until the last week of October. Since 2004, the Ttukseom Beautiful Flea Market has drawn an accumulated 2.49 million visitors. With 5.22 million items resold, the goodwill flea market was estimated to reduce 2,610 tons of waste. Also, the flea market has been positioned as the nations largest market for sharing and helping citizens practice the value of reuse and saving of resources. By allowing people to voluntarily donate their money or make gains by selling their secondhand items, the Ttukseom Beautiful Flea Market became a famous spot in Seoul, with more than 10,000 citizens a week visiting the market. It also enables people to buy goods at low prices. With sellers voluntarily donating parts of their gains, this years flea market will raise funds to provide meals and reading lessons for underprivileged children. The funds raised last year were used to build schools and supply educational facilities to Mindanao Island of the Philippines. In addition, the 2010 Ttukseom Beautiful Flea Market features a variety of citizen participation events and the Apartment Green Market. The flea market will go on with a monthly theme. In May, the theme will encourage people to buy presents for their parents as Parents Day is celebrated on May 8. In June, when World Environment Day is on, the markets theme will be aimed at stimulating awareness of environmental issues. In September, the theme will be a book-sharing market. With various citizen participation events and themed market operations, this years Ttukseom Beautiful Flea Market is expected to draw more visitors than ever. 
Eco-friendly low-speed electric vehicles, which emit no carbon dioxide, will go into service in Seoul from April 14. Low-speed electric vehicles, which can run up to 60 kilometers per hour, have been touted as environmentally-friendly vehicles both at home and overseas, including the United States and Europe. Such vehicles, however, have not been allowed to run on conventional motorways due to safety issues and have been used as golf carts or as a means of transportation in public parks. In light of this, the central government revised a law that allows low-speed electric vehicles, with a maximum speed of 60 kilometers per hour, to run on roads in December last year. On March 30 this year, the revised law came into effect. Seoul City plans to allow low-speed electric vehicles to run on the roads of the city from April 14 following consultations with its 25 local districts, which have the authority to designate the types of vehicle allowed to run on their roads. Only about 3.2 percent of the roads in Seoul ban low-speed electric vehicles from running on them. And, it would not be difficult for low-speed electric vehicles to run on most of the routes in Seoul. Should the road an electric car is on intersect with one that has a speed limit above 60 kilometers per hour then it is allowed to cross the higher speed limit road in order to continue on its journey. However, a driver of a low-speed electric vehicle must check his or her route in advance to ensure their destination is not located on a road that bans electric vehicles. The distribution of electric vehicles is still at its early stage, and there are no tax breaks or subsidies to promote buying those vehicles. Seoul City plans to make electric vehicles exempt from the tolls imposed by the Ministry of Environment and registered by the city during highly-trafficked hours. Also, electric vehicles would significantly save fuel costs, even compared with mini cars. In addition, insurance firms will soon begin selling auto insurance products for electric cars. By the end of 2010, Seoul City plans to build more than 100 recharging stations in public buildings and parking lots to allow electric vehicle owners to drive their vehicles without inconvenience. In a bid to support the policy of eco-friendly, green growth, improve the quality of air by reducing energy consumption and actively cope with climate change, Seoul City plans to replace its official vehicles for short-distance purposes with eco-friendly electric vehicles. The replacement is expected to further improve the air quality in Seoul as low-speed electric vehicles emit no greenhouse gases. A study showed that more than 3,000 metric tons of greenhouse gases will be eliminated each year if 1,000 low-speed electric vehicles replace conventional vehicles.
The Goddess of flowers descends upon Seoul The Botanical Garden of Seoul Grand Park is to hold the Spring Flower Festival for 33 days until April 25. Signs of spring have yet to appear as the nation has been blanketed in snow, even in the middle of March. While we are ready to meet spring, the general feeling has been one of never ending snowfall, strong winds and yellow dust. This has led some to joke that the frogs waking up from their long winter sleep, after Gyeongchip, one of the 24 lunar year terms indicating the start of spring, might simply return to their caves. Compared with other years, the magnolias have yet to bloom. However, there is a place where you can enjoy the scent of spring in the midst of beautiful flowers. The Botanical Garden of Seoul Grand Park launched the Spring Flower Festival, on March 24, with around 8,700 flowers from 250 species on display. The flowers on exhibition have great artistic value to the extent that some have described them as the art of flowers. The organizers of this event have also deftly combined the flowers with fairly tales or myths. The exhibition has been categorized according to four themes. Themed garden No. 1, the mythical realm of Flora, goddess of flowers During every spring in ancient Rome, it was said that there was a festival for Flora, the goddess of flowers, to celebrate the start of spring. In themed garden No. 1, a palace decorated with flowers can be found along with the displays straight out of the ancient Roman festival. With statues of the winged horse Pegasus, the queen of heaven Hera and Western orchids, a mythical realm has been brought to life in the garden. Themed garden No. 2, worlds famous paintings recreated with flowersUsing the dried flower technique of floral collage, this garden has recreated some of the worlds most famous paintings, such as the Mona Lisa by Leonardo da Vinci and Sunflowers by Vincent van Gogh. Also, there is a photo zone that allows visitors to take photographs inside a big frame of the Birth of Venus painting. Themed garden No. 3, Alices Adventures in WonderlandLets imagine Alice who followed the white rabbit down his hole and in to Wonderland from a fantastic garden. A fantasy world within a botanical garden? This is a unique experience for children. Themed garden No. 4, take a photo with a tiger made with flowers In the wake of the year of Tiger in 2010, this garden features a big picture of a tiger made with flowers. The tiger also represents the brand of the Seoul Grand Park. For family groups, there are five events that cost of between 2,000 won (US$1.75) and 5,000 won, each. The events include making a flowerpot, making a whiter tiger mask, making a doll with grass and making a PetPlant.
In order to support the growing number of foreign tourists and students in the capital, Seoul City added Simplified Chineseand Japanese-language location-based services to its geography information service (GIS) portal system (gis.seoul.go.kr). It had previously been offered in Korean and English, only. The system allows users to determine the location of an object and access some general information about it from the GIS portal system or use a menu of the Web site. The portal system also enables foreigners to locate hospitals, banks, hotels and restaurants as well as performance theaters and rest rooms. Also, it offers live video streaming services for many tourist attractions in Seoul. In addition, the GIS Portal System provided by Seoul City features a statistics-based map service based on the citys 2009 statistical survey. Using Flex* technology, the system offers a sophisticated mapping service that combines the citys administrative information with various charts and analytical functions. Users can download such information and save it as an Excel file. The mapping service is linked with statistical data from the last 6 years. Flex*: a technology that allows the development of powerful Internet applications to replace the traditional applications based on Web browsers that dont allow programmers to develop complicated user interfaces, such as charts and graphs.
The memorial hall for the legendary naval commander Yi Sun-shin of the late 16th centuryThe memorial hall for the legendary naval commander Yi Sun-shin, The Story of Chungmugong, will be built on a site of 2,013 square meters, next to The Story of King Sejong exhibition hall, in the Gwanghwamun Square. Chungmugong, which means martial lord of loyalty, is a posthumous title awarded to Yi, who was noted for his great victories against the Japanese navy, between 1592 and 1598, during the Joseon Dynasty. The memorial hall will consist of 12 themes such as challenge, royalty and patriotism, depicted to preserve Yis legacy. In the memorial hall will be a turtle ship recreated to 55 percent of the actual ships size to give visitors a clear idea of the type of ship Admiral Yi used to beat the Japanese navy. Thus, visitors will be able to enter the ship and take a closer look inside. Given the situation that there are several opinions about the real shape of the turtle ship, the mock-up is being built based on another mock-up constructed by the Korea Naval Academy and a group of advisory panels. The memorial hall is expected to find favor with families because there will be a virtual experience zone that will allow them to fire the artillery or row the turtle ship. Also, visitors will be able to understand how Panokseon, a warship used by the Joseon Dynasty, is being built, raise a sail and participate in making a mock turtle ship. In particular, using a video screen with motion-recognition capabilities, visitors will be able to row the turtle ship in a scene depicting a naval battle during the Imjin War or the Japanese invasion of Korea during the Joseon Dynasty. Understand the life of Admiral Yi in the 4-D Experience Zone The heroic life of Admiral Yi Sun-shin will be depicted in a three-dimensional motion picture and aired in a four-dimensional experience zone. With 32 seats that tremble, spray water into your face as the wind blows and emit oceanic aromas, the 4-D Experience Zone will allow visitors to vividly experience the battle scene. The 4-D Experience Zone will be completed in July, with the seats being built using local technology. The Story of Chungmugong will consist of eight experience zones showcasing Yis life with a more human touch, stories about the Imjin War and others. The experience zones are the Welcome Zone, The Upright Life of Seongwoong (Saintly Hero) Yi Sun-sin, A Creative Idea Leading to Victory, The Strategy and Tactics of the Great Commander Who Saved a Nation, The Personal Sensitivity of Yi Sun-sin, The Hope for Us _ Compass, 4-D Experience Zone Immortal Hero _ Reflection, and The Street of History _ Communication. Congratulatory performances to mark the opening of The Story of Chungmugong On April 28, or on the opening day of The Story of Chungmugong memorial hall, congratulatory performances and the national opera Yi Sun-shin will be held at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts. It took three years to create the national opera Yi Sun-shin, and it drew about 8,000 viewers in 1998 when it was first performed. The opera will provide a fresh perspective on the life of Yi. The opera will be performed twice on April 28. In addition, there will be congratulatory performances called Sejong Starry Night by the central stairway of the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts. The performances will be offered for free from 10:30 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. everyday, except Monday.
Seoul shares its women-friendly project with the world at the World Urban Forum At the invitation of the United Nations Human Settlement Program (UN-HABITAT), Seoul City participated in the fifth session of the World Urban Forum. At the Gender Equality Action Assembly, during the World Urban Forum held in Rio de Janeiro of Brazil, Seoul City briefed the international community about its women-friendly policy Happiness for Women Project and learnt about a variety of similar policies being carried out by each country. The Happiness for Women Project aims to transform Seoul into a city that enhances the happiness of its female residents by improving their lifestyles and removing the inconvenient, worrisome and unpleasant obstacles women face during their daily life. Launched in 2007, the project also targets helping women achieve self-realization.At a workshop session on the sidelines of the Gender Equality Action Assembly, Seoul City introduced its governance activities for the Happiness for Women Project and discussed the achievements of the Good Governance campaign of the UN-HABITAT with representatives of cities from around the world. The World Urban Forum, which marked its fifth session this year, is an international gathering to discuss global solidarity in order to address the problems stemming from rapid urbanization in regional societies, the economy, environment and urban policies. At each meeting, policymakers, scholars and activists from non-governmental organizations share policies and seek ways to tackle those problems. Seoul signs an MOU with UN-HABITAT for its women-friendly policies and projects On March 20, or on the final day of the Gender Equality Action Assembly, during the World Urban Forum, Seoul City signed a memorandum of understanding with the UN-HABITAT to make Seoul a women-friendly city, setting the stage for cooperation with the United Nations on policies with respect to women. The two sides agreed that its important to build a global network and share mutual information to build a women-friendly city. Under the memorandum of understanding, the two sides spelled out that the Happiness for Women Project by Seoul City will be developed as a policy model that is comprehensively adoptable. Also, Seoul City agreed to implement the Safer Cities Program by the UN-HABITAT as part of its Happiness for Women Project. In return, the UN-HABITAT agreed to promote the Happiness for Women Project to the international community as a role model for the gender mainstreaming movement. Among the main areas of cooperation are gender mainstreaming, safer cities and good government. To that end, both sides agreed to actively participate in events organized by each side and forge cooperation by sharing information, documents, video clips and other materials.Washington Governor Chris Gregoire forges cooperation with Seoul Officials from Seoul City visited the U.S. state of Washington, on March 15, before participating in the fifth session of the World Urban Forum. Seoul City then invited Washington Governor Chris Gregoire to an international conference on women, which is scheduled to be held in Seoul, in November, in the wake of the summit of the Group of 20 leading and emerging economies.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon signed a memorandum of understanding with Justice Minister Lee Kwi-nam on March 22 to work together to transform the city into a place where foreigners want to live and to attract foreign tourists. The deal was signed as of 11:00 a.m. on the day at the Korea Press Center. Under the nine-point memorandum of understanding, Seoul City and the Ministry of Justice agreed to build global living conditions that allow foreigners to live in the city without inconvenience and provide high-quality services for expatriates. Overall, the deal aims to make Seoul and South Korea a place that foreigners want to visit, live and invest in.Oh remarked that the essential condition for Seoul becoming a truly global city hinged on whether it could impress and satisfy the 260,000 foreign residents and some 8 million foreign tourists visiting the city annually. In the wake of the deal with the justice ministry, which is in charge of foreigner-related policies, Seouls efforts to become one of the worlds top 10 cities will be boosted, Oh said.Among the agreements between Seoul City and the Ministry of Justice are the fostering of a social atmosphere that doesnt discriminate against foreigners developing policies to support foreigners living conditions and herald good examples of such policies interoperability between Seouls one-stop 120 Dasan Call Center and the justice ministrys 1345 Immigration Contact Center cooperation to support services for foreigners and information sharing social unity and others. Meanwhile, the signing ceremony was attended by Alan Timblick, the British head of the Seoul Global Center, which was launched in January 2008 to help foreigners live in Seoul without inconvenience, as well as the foreign heads of the Global Village Centers in Yeoksam, Seorae, Ichon and Yeonnam.
Seoul City said it plans to have completely planted the Mongolia Seoul Forest forest in the Mongolian capital of Ulan Bator by October 2012 to shield the country from rapid deforestation. The project to build the forest in Ulan Bator is the first step towards preventing the next generation from natural disasters caused by rapid deforestation. Also, it is one of the representative international cooperation projects for the environment following the third summit of the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group that was held in Seoul in May of last year. On behalf of the project, Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon paid an official visit to Ulan Bator in June 2009. Whilst there, Oh and Ulan Bator Mayor Munkhbayar Gombosuren signed a memorandum of understanding to forge cooperation in the fields of the environment and economy. How the Mongolia Seoul Forest is being built? The Mongolia Seoul Forest will be located across 2 hectares of a 670-hectare site in the Bayanzurkh district of Ulan Bator. The site is scheduled to be designed as a national park, and the project cost will amount to about 3 billion won. A part of the forest will be decorated with Koreas traditional landscape architecture, and the rest will contain with trees. Work under way to renovate the Street of Seoul in Ulan Bator Seoul City constructed a street of Seoul in Ulan Bator after signing a collaboration deal with the city, as part of its efforts to foster a friendly and cooperative relationship between the two cities. Experts have pointed out that the Street of Seoul in Ulan Bator requires renovation because it has been poorly managed. Thus, restoration of the Street of Seoul began on Oct. 28, 2009, in the wake of the 370th anniversary of the Mongolian capitals foundation. The work is set to be competed by the end of October, this year.
A group of journalist from mainstream media organizations in Finland, whose capital Helsinki was appointed as the World Design Capital for 2012, following the appointment of Seoul City for 2010, visited Seoul to find out how the capital of South Korea has made a quantum leap in design. Among the 14 visiting media organizations were a national broadcaster Yleisradio, the countrys largest business newspaper Kauppalehti, the countrys largest business weekly Talouselama, and Turkus biggest regional newspaper Turun Sanomat.Following the appointment of Helsinki as the World Design Capital for 2012, Finnish journalists expressed their keen interest in Seouls promotional policies for design. They cited Seouls policies on design as successful initiatives for improving a citys competitiveness and asked Seoul City to brief them on their design policies. According to the Global Design Watch 2008 published by the University of Helsinki, Finland came eighth place in terms of design competitiveness.
Enjoy the scent of spring flowers on the decks of a cruise ship with the flower-themed Blooming CruiseC & Hangang Land is operating a flower-themed cruise called the Blooming Cruise from March 20 to June 25 that presents a unique way of greeting spring on the Hangang (River). The Blooming Cruise decorates the decks of the Usell Beta, the biggest cruise ship on the Hangang, with sunflowers and forsythias. Also, royal azaleas and yellow rape flowers festoon the decks. Inside the Usell Beta, about 30 wild flowers are on display, and there is a photograph zone for capturing this special spring moment with your family members or loved ones. The Blooming Cruise departs from a pier in Yeouido and tours along the scenic Hangang taking in Jeoldusan Martyrs Shrine, Danginri power station, Bamseom (Islet) and Seonyudo Park as it goes. The Usell Beta then returns to the Yeouido pier from nearby Hangangdaegyo. Ticket prices are set at 7,000 won (US$6.16) per child (aged between 3 and 13) and 14,000 won per adult. The approximately 70-minute route is being offered three times a day (13:30-14:40/15:30-16:40/16:40-17:50). For more information on the Blooming Cruise, please click on C & Hangang Lands Website at www.hcruise.co.kr or call at 02-3271-6900. Short chance to meet black-tailed gulls on the Hangang, Black-tailed Gull Watching Course on a water taxiPleasant Seoul, the operator of water taxis on the Hangang, is offering the Black-tailed Gull Watching Course for 15 days until March 31. Because this bird-watching program is only available for a relatively short period, demand is expected to be high due to the highly specialized experience being offered. When you feed anchovies to black-tailed gulls from a water taxi, they follow you. Thus, this tour offers visitors the chance to observe these birds from up close. The anchovies are on sale on the water taxi. The Black-tailed Gull Watching Course departs a pier by Yeouinaru Station and runs along Bamseom and Nodeulseom. Following this, it returns to Yeouinaru Station pier. 70,000 won is charged per ride, which includes seven to 10 adults. For more information or to make a reservation, please visit Pleasant Seouls Website at www.pleasantseoul.com or call 1588-3960.
Three groups representing the nations leading designers will participate in the fashion fair, along with collections by Lady Gagas designer. Seoul Fashion Week F/W 2010 will be held at the Seoul Trade Exhibition Center (SETEC) near Hangnyeoul Station and Kring, in Samseong-dong, from March 26 to April 1. Seoul Fashion Week F/W 2010, which marks its 20th anniversary this year, will showcase collections from three groups representing the nations leading designers. The fashion show will consist of the Seoul Collection featuring the nations top-level designers and Generation Next featuring 12 up and coming next-generation designers. This year, the designers to feature at Seoul Fashion Week F/W 2010 were shortlisted after the events organizing committee assessed their revenues for the previous season at home and abroad, as well as their PR and marketing profiles. There was an average 3.3 applications for each opening for the competition, higher than previous events. Bridgehead to promote a global fashion brand Of the designers that showed off their collections at the Seoul Fashion Week, 10 designers will be chosen as the best designers. They will get a chance to expand their business overseas, including a spot at the prestigious fashion trade show Tranoi in Paris  mens fashion for June and womens fashion for October.Meanwhile, Seoul Fashion Week is expected to draw about 100 foreign buyers from famous fashion labels such as Recle-ler of France, Brown of London and United Arrows of Japan, known for attending the prestigious fashion weeks in New York, Paris, Milan and London. About 30 journalists from influential media, including the British magazine Dazed & Confused, are also scheduled to visit Seoul to cover the Seoul Fashion Week. About 100 fashion labels to attend at Seoul Fashion Fair About 100 fashion labels are scheduled to attend Seoul Fashion Fair on the sidelines of the Seoul Fashion Week. The number of participating firms at this years fair is doubled that of last year. Some 20 fashion labels, including the nations top designer, Lee Sang-bong, will operate showrooms in which to host the press and buyers from home and overseas. The number of fashion labels operating showrooms also doubled from last year because such labels received more orders via their presentations at last years fashion week. In addition, young designers at the Dongdaemun Fashion Creation Studio, which opened in December of last year, will also participate in the fair. A shopping even will be held for ordinary visitors between 3:00 p.m. and 7:00 p.m., on April 1, in Hall No. 3 of SETEC. Here visitors will be able to purchase high-quality yet low-priced clothes donated by some 50 participating fashion labels. 
Seoul City will switch off its lights between 8:30 p.m. and 9:30 p.m. on March 27 to participate in the Earth Hour campaign, a global initiative to raise awareness of global warming.This will represent the second time the city has participated in this campaign since last year, when mainly the public organizations in Seoul took part in the campaign. This year, Seoul City plans to actively participate in the campaign, in collaboration with the Korea NGOs Energy Network and the Clinton Climate Initiative, as the city is set to host the third summit of the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group, from May 18-21. By actively joining this global initiative, the city aims to deliver a strong message on the necessity of making the required efforts to cope with climate change.This year, landmark buildings in Seoul, including the COEX Exhibition Center and 63 Building, will observe the appointed hour with the absence of light. Two streets of a special tourism zone and two apartments will also join the campaign on a trial basis. Seoul plans to receive applications from citizens through the citys Website to encourage them to voluntarily participate into the campaign.The campaign is expected to help significantly reduce greenhouse gases by raising awareness about energy wastage by allowing citizens to directly implement energy-saving measures throughout Earth Hour.
Do you want to receive real time information about where the bus you are waiting for is? Do you want to know the nearest hospital to a particular bus stop? If you are almost late and find out there is a traffic jam ahead, will you have to take subway? Now, high-tech bus stops will provide you with the answers to such questions. Equipped with state-of-the-art information and communications technology (ICT), four such smart bus stops are available on a bus route between Jongno 1 (il)-ga and Jongno 4 (sa)-ga. They offer citizens a variety of information, including weather, environment-related information, and traffic broadcasting. By building a u-Shelter, which combines information technology with weather and air environmental sensors, at each of the bus stops, the smart bus stops are providing bus passengers with a wide range of life information. With sensors, a camera, wireless network and display equipment, the u-Shelter represents a new type of bus stop for citizens. In Seoul, city buses are one of the two most common means of public transportation together with the subway. The main services of the smart bus stop are its map service of nearby locations that allows citizens to locate nearby stores and other amenities, the video information service showing the departure or arrival of buses at the bus stop before your stop and the IP-TV traffic broadcasting service that informs citizens where a particular bus is in real-time or when a particular bus will arrive at your bus stop. The smart bus stop project is the first tangible result from the national strategy that aims to promote converged broadcasting and telecommunications technology as well as eco-friendly green technology. Seoul City said it plans to expand the u-Shelter service, which is available at four bus stops between Jongno 1 (il)-ga and Jongno 4 (sa)-ga, to provide such services to more citizens.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon signed a deal with the chief executive officer of GS Retail to jointly develop programs for underprivileged people, launch specific campaigns that target this group and to start a marketing blitz to change Seouls image into that of a clean and attractive global city. The deal was inked as of 10:30 a.m. on March 15 at Seoul City Hall. The deal was signed ahead of a series of international events in Seoul, including the 2010-2012 Visit Korea Years  With Seoul and a summit of the Group of 20 leaders in November. With the deal, Seoul City plans to deliver a variety of useful content, such as tourist spots and other information on Seoul, to citizens and tourists via video clips and message boards at 4,011 retail stores of GS Group affiliates, including GS25 convenience stores.
Seoul City decided to deliver 50,000 bottles of Arisu water as aid for Haitians suffering from severe water shortage due to the deadly earthquake that hit the Latin American country on Jan. 12. Hanjin Shipping will dispatch a ship containing the 50,000 2-liter bottles of Arisu, which were produced by the Gangbuk Arisu Water Purification Center in northern Seoul, from Busan on March 24. It is expected to arrive in Haiti on April 26. The shipment will be made via the Korean Red Cross. Since the early days of the earthquake in Haiti, Seoul City had planned to ship the water bottles to Haiti. But the plan had been delayed because of the high freight costs and the logistical chaos that ensued in the Latin American nation as most of its roads and ports had been ruined by the quake. With the resolution of such problems, the city has been able to send the aid. With a flood of humanitarian aid from the international community flowing into quake-hit Haiti, Seoul City decided to send the 50,000 bottles of Arisu in collaboration with the Korean Red Cross. Hanjin Shipping will share part of the freight costs. So, the aid is meaningful because it was jointly initiated by the city, the Korean Red Cross and Hanjin Shipping to ease the water shortage for Haitians. Arisu, the brand name of Seouls water supply, has been offered for events organized by government institutions and civic groups, since 2001. In particular, Seoul has delivered Arisu for people who desperately need water at home and abroad due to natural disasters or water supply cuts. In June 2008, the city sent 100,000 bottles of Arisu for the quake victims in Sichuan province in China. In September last year, it delivered 100,000 bottles for victims in Kaohsiung in southern Taiwan after it was hit by Typhoon Morakot.
Seoul City received the best score in a survey of satisfaction rated by citizens for civil services in 2009. In the process it beat the score of the year before and was the highest since 1999. So, the city saw satisfaction levels for its civil services surpass those of the previous year for the third consecutive year. Seouls administrative service for civil affairs receives 78.2 points, up four points from a year ago. The latest survey of some 20,000 citizens was conducted by three polling agencies, including Gallup Korea, and a group of independent citizens, between October last year and January this year. According to the results of the survey on the Satisfaction Level for Civil Services in 2009, which were released on March 15, the city received 78.2 points in the category of administrative services for civil affairs, compared with the 74.2 points it received in 2008, when the figure was up only 0.1 point from the year before. So, the 2009 figure represented significant progress in this category. Civil services, including the 120 Dasan Call Center, receive higher levels of satisfaction. By category, the administrative service for civil affairs was rated best for the third straight year. In particular, two sub-categories, the level of kindness by public officials and efficiency received higher scores of 81.3 points and 82.8 points, each. Such higher scores came as a result of Seouls efforts to improve the quality of its services, including the the 120 Dasan Call Center, which offers one-stop services for citizens 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Services for women rose by 10 points from 2007, and those for female employment and business start-ups need improvement.The level of satisfaction in the category of women rose by 1.1 points to 53.9 points, and all of its sub-categories, including services on childcare, increased steadily. The 2009 figure was up by nearly 10 points from 2007, when it stood at 44.2. However, the level of satisfaction on the sub-category of female employment and business start-ups was relatively low. So, the city has concluded that the level of administrative services for women hasnt yet reached a level satisfactory to women. To improve the level, the city said it will map out and implement practical projects. Higher level of satisfaction for four riverside parks along Hangang. The level of satisfaction for 12 riverside parks, along Hangang (River), rebounded to 64.3 points by recovering from the level seen in 2008 when the Hangang Renaissance Project was underway. The 2009 figure was up by an average 2.2 points from 2008, when it stood at 62.1 points. In particular, the level of satisfaction for four out of the 12 riverside parks was more than nine points higher than that of the remaining eight parks. Last year, Seoul City completed the first-stage of specialization projects on the four parks, including Ttukseom Park. So, the results indicated that citizens preferred the revamped parks to the existing parks. Meanwhile, the survey of 20,000 citizens in Seoul was taken by three polling agencies, including Gallup Korea, and a group of independent citizens between October 2009 and January 2010. The survey interviewed the respondents in relation to 10 categories of civil services offered by Seoul City and local districts. 
The financial competitiveness of Seoul City was ranked 28th, the highest position it has recorded since being assessed by the Global Financial Centers Index (GFCI), in the latest GFCI report published by the City of London Corp. on March 12. In September of last year, Seoul sat in 35th place, up 18 notches from the previous report. In the latest biannual report, Seoul rose by seven notches to highlight the considerable progress made by the city over the past year. Compared with the same period of last year, Seouls ranking increased by 25 places. In particular, Seoul was ranked third among Asian cities in a questionnaire that asked respondents to assess which cities were likely to become more significant as a financial hub in the next few years. The ranking proved that Seoul could become one of the three financial hubs in Asia and maintain its momentum towards increasing its ranking in future GFCI reports. The considerable progress in the past two GFCI reports was a result of the Customized Overseas PR & Marketing activities carried out by Seoul City, city officials said. Such activities were responsible for raising the profile and awareness of Seouls financial competitiveness, which hitherto had been undervalued, to bankers and financial executives around the world. With the aim of making Seoul one of the top 10 financial centers in the world, the city plans to complete the construction of the Seoul International Financial Center earlier than scheduled and implement a variety of incentive measures. 
The Seoul Citizen Safety Training Center is becoming one of the favorite tourist destinations for foreign visitors to Seoul. The number of foreign visitors to the center more than doubled to about 4,000 people in 2009, compared with some 1,800 people in 2008. According to the Seoul Emergency Operations Center, which operates an experience program on fire prevention, at the Seoul Citizen Safety Training Center, for foreign students on school trips to Seoul, a total of 2,067 students from China participated in the experience program by the end of February. The Chinese students participated in the program during their two-month winter vacation. In March, about 1,000 foreigners, including a delegation of public officials from Thailand, and middle-school students from Singapore, are scheduled to participate in the program. The fire-prevention experience program for the Chinese students focused on safety measures in event of an earthquake, damage by storms and floods, and smoke and the use of fire extinguishers. Of these, the Chinese students paid keen attention to the safety measures to be taken in the event of an earthquake in the wake of the recent quake in Haiti and the 2008 quake in Chinas Sichuan province. To meet the rising demand, the Boramae Citizen Safety Training Center will open in Boramae Park of Dongjak-gu in early May, this year. The Boramae Center, which will specialize in programs for adults, is expected to become another tourist hotspot in the same vein as the Seoul Citizen Safety Training Center. In line with the rising demand from foreign tourists, the Seoul Emergency Operations Center plans to work with the Korea Tourism Organization and foreign travel agencies to jointly map out a customized public relations plan and to place workers with foreign-language skills in the center. The Seoul Citizen Safety Training Center is equipped with the countrys only facility that allows visitors to experience a 7.0-magnitude quake. In addition, there are some 20 experience zones, including one to experience storm and flood damage. Also, the center operates programs to learn about first aid such as cardiopulmonary resuscitation and the use of fire extinguishers. For citizens, groups or tour guides who want to participate in the programs, please visit the centers Web site (safe119.seoul.go.kr) or call 02-2049-4000 to make a reservation, in advance.
Seoul City received the Scroll of Honor Special Citation award from the United Nations Human Settlements Program (UN-HABITAT). The award honored Seoul City for its three important sustainable development and social cohesion based projects: the SHIFT long-term housing rental system, the transformation of Nanjido, a former dump site, into an eco-friendly park, and the restoration of Cheonggyecheon. As the most prestigious human settlement award in the world, the Scroll of Honor was launched by the UN-HABITAT in 1989, and its aim is to acknowledge initiatives which have made outstanding contributions towards developing and improving human settlement and the quality of urban life. A winner of the Special Citation award is chosen following a rigorous on-site inspection and isnt selected every year as a general award. So, the Special Citation award is particularly meaningful, and its the first time that South Korea has won the award. Anna Tibaijuka, under-secretary-general and executive director at the UN-HABITAT, hailed Seouls SHIFT system, which supplies homes at lower prices, in her statement that both developing and advanced nations need to benchmark this long-term housing rental solution adopted by the Korean capital. Seoul is a shining example of a newly sustainable, inclusive, friendly, green and welcoming city. I congratulate you and the city leaders for this great achievement! Tibaijuka said.Tibaijuka added that these initiatives and achievements by Seoul have inspired cities in Africa and Latin America through a renewed sense of optimism and hope.The Scroll of Honor award recognized three public projects by Seoul to make the city cleaner and greener: the SHIFT long-term housing rental system, first introduced by Seoul City and now being benchmarked by other local governments, the transformation of Nanjido into an eco park and the restoration of Cheonggyecheon. These projects have been highlighted by the United Nations agency as role model initiatives for the international community. These initiatives of the Seoul Metropolitan Government are outstanding examples of effective planning and coordination of implementation. They have resulted in a positively wholesome impact on the living environment in the City of Seoul. They can, and must be, replicated in other cities with similar attributes and situations, the UN-HABITAT said. 
In 2012, Seoul City will create a 200-kilometer trekking trail by linking eight major inner and outer mountains that surround the city, including the Dulle-gil of Bukhansan (Mt.). The 200-kilometer trekking course is expected to allow citizens and tourists to walk along a hilly trail that highlights Seouls culture, history and natural landscape. The course will consist of three sections: an inner mountain trekking course, an outer mountain trekking course and the Dulle-gil of Bukhansan National Park in the center of Seoul. The 20-kilometer inner mountain trekking course, which would require around a 13 hour walk to complete, will form a cultural and historical route connecting the four inner mountains, Bugaksan, Naksan, Namsan and Inwangsan, with Seoul Seonggwak (Fortress Wall). Also, the 117-kilometer outer mountain trekking course, which would require around a 55 hour walk to complete, will be renovated into a route highlighting the natural ecosystem stretching between Bukhansan, Yongmasan, Gwanaksan and Deogyangsan. Seoul City signed a memorandum of understanding with the Korea National Park Service on March 8 in order to boost this project, reduce its cost and relalize its full potential to citizens. Under this memorandum of understanding, the 137-kilometer inner and outer mountain trekking trails by Seoul City and the 63-kilometer Dulle-gil trekking course by Bukhansan, by the Korea National Park Service, will be connected. Once the Seoul trekking course has been completed, a circular road in Namsan will link to the Dulle-gil of Bukhansan. Also, the trekking course will connect to an ecosystem route in the demilitarized zone, which is currently being formed by the central government, and the Baekdudaegan, a mountain range which runs through most of the length of the Korean Peninsula. Thus, a boost in trekking is expected.
A TV documentary entitled Seoul Spirit and featuring Kim Yu-na, who won the figure skating gold medal and set a world record at the Vancouver Winter Olympics, will be broadcast on the Discovery Channel around the Southeast Asian countries on March 19. The 60-minute documentary is part of a series of special TV programs called Hip Korea  Seoul Spirit produced by the Discovery Channel in collaboration with Seoul City to raise global awareness of Seoul. This latest documentary  featuring Kim Yu-na  took four months to shoot and another eight months to produce. The documentary highlights Kims dynamic life and her growth together with Seouls tourist sites, such as Ewha Womans Univ., Hongdae Street and Gwanghwamun Square. Also, it recorded emotional and vivid moments in Kims journey from Seoul to Toronto. As Kim won the gold medal in the figure skating at the Vancouver Winter Olympics, the Hip Korea: Yu-na Kim  Seoul Spirit program is expected to draw the attention of people from around the world. After airing on the Discovery Channel around Southeast Asia, the documentary will be broadcast around the world, including China, Australia and the United States.
The forum was held under the theme of The Future of Global Metropolis Seoul: From Limitless Competition to Boundless Cooperation. The Global Metropolitan Forum of Seoul was held on March 10 in the DMC Nuritkum Square of Sangam-dong, Seoul, to seek ways of improving the competitiveness of global cities by analyzing the major city trends worldwide and discussing how Seoul City should map out its future vision and direction amid the rapid-changing circumstances. In particular, the forum was meaningful because it was held in the DMC Nuritkum Square, a proposed future Seoul landmark and magnet for foreign capital and a foreign workforce. About 500 people, including politicians, corporate executives, professors from home and abroad and foreign diplomats in South Korea, attended the forum, the fourth of its kind since it was launched in 2007. At the forum, foreign intellectuals such as Rolf Jensen, chief imagination officer of Dream Company, and Richard Florida, professor at University of Toronto and scholars, Creative Class Group discussed the Vision 2020 and strategies for a global metropolitan Seoul. Under the theme of The Future of Global Metropolis Seoul: From Limitless Competition to Boundless Cooperation, the forum emphasized that development with social integration and the identification of future growth engines through the promotion of the technology industry were important factors in the shaping of Seouls future. In addition, participants at the forum agreed that better cooperation among global cities inside-and-outside of a region was essential for balanced development. Foreign diplomats in Seoul paid keen attention at the forum. 28 diplomats from 26 foreign missions in South Korea, including Singapore, France, Germany and Italy, attended the forum. Also, 17 foreign missions, including the United States and Spain, sent their messages to the forum, which where then put on display. Among the other foreign participants were Alan Timblick, head of the Seoul Global Center, Christina Confalonieri, a TV celebrity for the KBS talk show Chatting Beauties, and Paul Hussey, head of the Yeoksam Global Village Center. After the forums formal sessions ended, Rolf Jensen met ordinary citizens in a dialogue with a keynote speaker allowing them to hear his thoughts on Seoul. After comprehensively reviewing the suggestions from foreign and domestic scholars at the Global Metropolitan Forum of Seoul, Seoul City plans to actively incorporate them in the citys vision and strategic tasks for 2020.
Seoul City unveiled its plan to build the infrastructure for a lifetime learning city by 2014, in order to allow citizens to enrich their educational and cultural knowledge. Despite the onset of an era of lifetime learning, as life expectancy has increased along with the demand for new knowledge, lifetime learning has remained a blind spot where governmental support was concerned compared with the regular educational system. To resolve the issues related to lifetime learning, Seoul City announced the 5-Year Comprehensive Plan for Lifetime Learning, which consists of 21 projects, including nine subjects, including construction of the Lifetime Learning Center and expansion of the Continuing Education Center in the Seoul-style University. From this year, the city plans to spend a total of 63 billion won (US$55.7 million), over the next five years, to build the infrastructure for lifetime learning. Seoul City first intends to build three or four tentatively-named Seoul Citizens Lifetime Learning Centers, which will develop polices that reflect citizens demand for lifetime learning and which will both run online and offline educational programs. The centers will be built at three or four sites where public institutions would be moved. In addition, the Continuing Education Center, affiliated with University of Seoul, will be expanded to include the University of Seoul Citizens Lifetime Learning to provide classes ranging from liberal arts for citizens to their main interests. Also, Seoul City plans to launch a Cyber Learning Center where citizens can enrich their knowledge through online educational programs. Whats more, the city will start a Learning Call Center to offer person-to-person consultations and information services on lifetime learning. A Lifetime Learning Information Network will be built to provide information on locations, addresses and other important facts about institutions for lifetime learning. As part of its five-year plan, Seoul City will designate a university per local district as a Seoul-style University of Lifetime Learning. Accordingly, a total of 25 universities will be receive such a designation to provide customized educational programs for young workers, working mothers and elderly adults. Other initiatives include a program to help high-school graduates find jobs and another to provide both vocational education and childcare services to housewives with babies. Throughout the five-year plan, Seoul City said it plans to increase the citys participation rate in lifetime learning to 40 percent by 2014, higher than the average rate of countries in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.
A TV documentary entitled Seoul Spirit and featuring Kim Yu-na, who won the figure skating gold medal and set a world record at the Vancouver Winter Olympics, will be broadcast on the Discovery Channel around the Southeast Asian countries on March 19. The 60-minute documentary is part of a series of special TV programs called Hip Korea  Seoul Spirit produced by the Discovery Channel in collaboration with Seoul City to raise global awareness of Seoul. This latest documentary  featuring Kim Yu-na  took four months to shoot and another eight months to produce. The documentary highlights Kims dynamic life and her growth together with Seouls tourist sites, such as Ewha Womans Univ., Hongdae Street and Gwanghwamun Square. Also, it recorded emotional and vivid moments in Kims journey from Seoul to Toronto. As Kim won the gold medal in the figure skating at the Vancouver Winter Olympics, the Hip Korea: Yu-na Kim  Seoul Spirit program is expected to draw the attention of people from around the world. After airing on the Discovery Channel around Southeast Asia, the documentary will be broadcast around the world, including China, Australia and the United States.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon signed on March 5 a memorandum of understanding with the head of the Korean Film Commission to create jobs for 3-D movie technology. With this memorandum of understanding, Seoul City and the Korean Film Commission have agreed that there is an urgent need to nurture skilled workers in 3-D movie technology, which has recently been drawing massive interest, to promote the domestic film industry and strengthen its global competitiveness. The two sides also agreed to establish a training center for 3-D movie technology and jointly operate the center with projects to nurture a workforce and to help boost job creation.
The story of the small Indonesian Cia-Cia tribe that adopted Hangeul as its official writing system went on display in Gwanghwamun Square. Seoul City opened the Exhibition Hall for the Cia-Cia Hangeul Story inside the Story of King Sejong exhibition hall in Gwanghwamun Square on Feb. 12. The exhibition features basic information about the 60,000 people of the Cia-Cia tribe living around Bau-Bau city in southeast Sulawesi. In the Exhibition Hall for the Cia-Cia Hangeul Story, visitors found out through photographs why the Cia-Cia tribe adopted Hangeul as its official writing system and how the tribe has been learning Hangeul over the past four months, since its adoption. Also, visitors learnt how the Cia-Cia tribes spoken language is being transformed to better fit the writing system of Hangeul via various computer programs, as well as being able to listen to examples of the tribes spoken language. In addition, the exhibition showed off Hangeul textbooks published by the Seoul-based Hunminjeongeum Society and used by the Cia-Cia tribe. In the future, Seoul City said it will continue to support for Cia-Cia tribe to swiftly adopt Hangeul through various exchange programs and help increase the global profile of Hangeul.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon hosted the opening ceremony for the WDC World Design Cities Summit, on Feb. 23 at Grand Hyatt Seoul (Hotel), raising a curtain for the two-day event. In his opening speech, Oh commented on how design makes a city safe, pleasant and convenient. Through design, we discover room for improvements and even make them better. Good design helps local governments to communicate with its citizens, Oh said. Also, design creates high added value. Ultimately, design is the key to enhancing the quality of life. I think good design is characterized by consideration, communication, culture, leisure, pleasure and the economy. So, if I were to summarize it in one sentence: Design is everything, Oh concluded. On the second day of the summit on Feb. 24, the mayors and representatives from the participating cities signed the Seoul Design Declaration, which outlines a plan for urban development through design, at the Mayors Round Table. Following this, Mayor Oh announced the declaration as the host city of the summit. Under the theme of Design and Cities: Designing a Competitive City for the 21st Century, the summit was held in Seoul for the first time and consisted of three main sessions: Design & Urban Development, Design & Business and Design & Quality of Life.
Seoul City has stated that a telephone counseling service for foreigners was commenced on Feb. 24, by the citys one-stop 120 Dasan Call Center, by integrating the counseling service for foreigners offered by the Seoul Global Center (1688-0120) into the 120 Dasan Call Center.As a result of the integration of this service, foreigners can make inquiries or receive counseling on a variety of issues, even during the holidays and at night, by dialing 120 to connect with the 120 Dasan Call Center. The move is aimed at offering a high-quality counseling service to foreigners on the overall issues of living in Seoul, using the rich information and expertise of the 120 Dasan Call Center. The counseling service for foreigners is available between 9:00 a.m. and 10:00 p.m., 365 days a year, compared with a previous available time between 9:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. Also, foreigners can use this counseling service wherever they are in the world because a telephone call made between 22:00 p.m. and 9:00 a.m. is automatically transferred to the Korea Tourism Organization (1330). Foreigners can use the counseling service by dialing 120 and then pressing 9. To access the required language press 1 for English, 2 for Chinese, 3 for Japanese, 4 for Vietnamese and 5 for Mongolian. Foreigners can receive counseling on tourist spots, travel information, immigration matters, financial transactions, multi-cultural family and labor issues. The 120 Dasan Call Center plans to increase the level of satisfaction with this service by directing foreign callers to the relevant organizations, such as the e-Government for Foreigners (1345), the Korea Tourism Organization (1330), the Emergency Medical Information Center (1339) and the Korea Migrants Center (1644-0644), when more specialized counseling is needed. In the future, the 120 Dasan Call Center plans to gradually expand the number of foreign languages available for the counseling service and increase the quality of counseling after reviewing the nationalities of foreigners living in Seoul.
The Seoul Design Assets Exhibition, which opened its doors to the public on Jan. 8, has been extended until March 28, as it is drawing a higher-than-expected number of visitors. Some 1,500 people per weekday and more than 2,500 people per weekend have visited the exhibition. As time goes on, the number of visitors is growing due to word of mouth popularity about the exhibition. The exhibition had been scheduled to end on March 7, but the growing number of visitors has prompted organizers to extend it until March 28. Whats behind the success of the Seoul Design Assets Exhibition? One of the success factors is that the exhibition illustrates the 600-year history of design assets in Seoul with state-of-the-art information technology. In tandem with the exhibitions goal of allowing visitors to vividly experience design assets in Seoul of the past, present and future, it deftly showcases 51 properties of excellent design work, ranging from traditional structures such as Gyeongbokgung and Sungnyemun to modern structures like Insa-dong and Hongdae Street. In particular, some of these properties are becoming very popular among visitors, such as Hunminjeongeum (The Korean Script), which is on display with interactive media art, a glasses-free 3D video on Sungnyemun, media art Hwalot (Royal Dress), a digital folding screen Hanyang Minhwa and a video presentation on a 100-inch screen of the 600-year history. 
The WDC World Design Cities Summit was held in Seoul for the first time on Feb. 23 with mayors, policymakers and other leading officials from around the world attending. Under the theme of Design and Cities: Designing a Competitive City for the 21st Century, the WDC World Design Cities Summit was a large-scale international conference and one of official events organized by Seoul City to mark the citys appointment as the 2010 World Design Capital. A total of 131 delegates from 31 cities in 17 countries, which have achieved urban development through design or have prioritized design for their future development strategy, including Turin, Helsinki and Beijing, gathered in Seoul to attend the summit.Among the major participating cities were Turin of Italy, which was appointed as the pilot city for the World Design Capital in 2008 Helsinki of Finland, which will assume the title of the World Design Capital in 2012 and Eindhoven of the Netherlands, which had competed with Helsinki to win the title for 2012. Also included were Montreal, Buenos Aires, Shenzhen, Nagoya and Kobe, five of the six cities that have won the title of UNESCO City of Design. In particular, eight cities in China, including Beijing, which has shown its interest in winning the World Design Capital for 2014, Shenzhen, Hong Kong, Guangzhou, Yanji, Guangdong Province and Hangzhou, attended the summit, indicating the keen interest of these cities in urban design. At the summit held at the Seoul Grand Hyatt (Hotel), mayors and representatives from the major design cities from around the world unveiled the achievements made in reshaping their cities and in-depth discussions about urban development were held.On the first day of the summit, Matthias Horx, one of the most influenced futurists in Europe, gave a keynote speech on the theme of Design and the Future: How Design Changes the World. Following this, there were two plenary sessions  one in the morning and the other in the afternoon. At the morning plenary session, the mayors from Turin and Helsinki discussed how a city should be developed through design under the theme of World Design Capitals. At the afternoon session, the mayors from five cities, including Eindhoven and Beijing, cited design examples in their respective cities under the theme of Caring for Citizens in a Future Design City. Following the two plenary sessions, three additional sessions under the themes of Design & Urban Development, Design & Business and Design & Quality of Life were also held.On the morning of Feb. 24, the participating mayors and representatives held the Mayors Round Table and summarized the results of the summit. They then signed the Seoul Design Declaration, which provides ways to develop cities through design. And there was a joint press conference with mayors from Seoul, Turin, Helsinki, Matthias Horx and Chris Wainwright, dean of the School of Art at Central Saint Martins, University of the Arts London. On the afternoon of Feb. 24, participants toured the major aesthetic sites in Seoul, including Dongdaemun History & Culture Park and Gwanghwamun Square, where the city government had made extensive efforts to reshape the city through design. As the 2010 World Design Capital, Seoul City plans to raise its global profile as a design-focused city in the wake of hosting the WDC World Design Cities Summit. Meanwhile, the city plans to promote its brand as a design city by holding a variety of design-related events and exhibitions in 2010.  The Seoul Declaration of Design City We, Mayors, Deputy Mayors, Heads of Delegations, and representatives have assembled at the World Design Cities Summit to recognize design as a core competency and an asset to the cities of the world. Design supports economic prosperity and improves the quality of life for people. Urban design provides a setting for all aspects of life including housing, offices, schools, and playgrounds for children. It also creates design assets that can be transferred to future generations. The capacity of urban design is an index reflecting not only citizens income but also their happiness.On behalf of cities around the world, we adopt the Seoul Design City Declaration to share the vision of improving our citizens happiness index and developing the city through design, together with global citizens, at the WDC World Design Cities Summit.1) CITIES WILL CREATE DESIGNS FOR EVERYONEDesign is a common denominator to understand and communicate cultural differences. Design is a strong policy which enables the reduction of barriers, to share difficulties, to increase happiness, and to improve social welfare. Acknowledging cultural differences and having compassionate hearts will enable us to live together in comfort and will be the true start of urban design.2) CITIES WILL ENRICH CITIZENS LIVES THROUGH DESIGNDesign that meets the needs of citizens and public value at the same time can create a city which people from around the world will want to visit and reside in. A city that is open to global citizens is a center of vibrant creative industries, which is innovating new values, improving living standards, and attaining economic prosperity.3) CITIES WILL CREATE SUSTAINABILE DESIGNSDesign promises sustainable growth, as well as detects and solves social problems creatively. Design is a policy that cares for the weak in society. It is the language that communicates with global citizens, and the one important way.The world is one. The zones that were formerly separated into east and the west are becoming one global community. The rich and the poor, previously segregated into south and north, are becoming one economic bloc. Furthermore, we are moving towards eco-friendly societies where human beings and nature coexist. Every city in the world shares the experience and knowledge of urban development.We hereby declare that we will make every effort to become a more creative city of happiness through design.Practical MattersCity mayors and representatives participating in this summit agree that cities need consistent cooperation in order to achieve the objectives of the declaration. The Global Design Cities Summit will be held every two years, and the host city for 2011 will be announced this October at the closing ceremony of the Seoul Design Fair. In addition, in order to support the Global Design Cities Summit, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will launch the Seoul Design Lab which will serve as the Secretariat. Seoul will provide mutual support for the continued success of the Global Design Cities Summit, focusing on cities pursuing urban development through design. The Seoul Declaration of Design City adopted on February 24, 2010 in Seoul, Republic of Korea.
The world is increasingly suffering from global warming. With climate change posing a serious problem, voices are growing that people must reduce carbon emissions in their lifestyle. At this moment, Seoul City is ramping up its green policy to cope with climate change. As a result of this policy, buildings in Seoul are going green. Building Retrofit Project to cut energy consumption of buildingsWith some 2,500 stores which sell clothing and fashion accessories, Dongdaemun Migliore (Shopping Mall) consumes about 22 million kilowatts of electricity a year. However, the Dongdaemun Migliore building reduced its use of electricity for lighting by 32.6 percent between March and December last year, saving 195 million won (US$170,753) in electricity bills for the period. As all lighting in the building was replaced with light-emitting diode (LED) lights, it reduced heat previously generated by conventional light bulbs. So, the building saved gas and water bills by 38.74 million won in summer.As shown by Dongdaemun Migliore, people are increasingly taking note of the energy efficiency of their buildings. One of measures being taken to further boost our energy efficiency is the Building Retrofit Project. This project calls for building owners to replace energy-wasting lighting with LED lights, upgrade insulation facilities and improve other facilities to reduce energy consumption. Seoul City is lending money for the project at a low interest rate. Between 2008 and 2009, the city funded 23.8 billion won to implement the project in 62 buildings. This year, more building owners are expected to receive financial support from Seoul City, as the city has now varied the amount of funding, depending on the level and scope of each project. Seoul to raise energy efficiency of New City Hall to first gradeEfforts are also being made to increase the energy efficiency of public buildings. On March 4, Seoul City said it will construct buildings with high energy efficiency. To that end, all public buildings to be ordered by Seoul City must be designed to cut energy consumption by 40 percent. Such standards will be applicable to all public buildings such as art galleries, museums, hospitals and childcare centers. As part of this initiative, Seoul City set the annual electricity consumption per square meter for the New City Hall, slated for completion in February 2011, at below 300 kilowatts per hour. In particular, the New City Halls main building, which will be remodeled into cultural facilities for citizens, will utilize geothermal energy for all its cooling and heating energy needs. LED lights will be used instead of fluorescent lights and solar energy will be also used for lighting the building. Energy Zero House, a building with a self-sustainable supply of energyEnergy is essential for nearly all activities in our homes. Unless energy is supplied to us properly, we will not be comfortable in our homes. With that in mind, a building with a self-sustainable supply of energy is being built at Sangam-dong, Mapo-gu. Called Energy Zero house, the building is equipped with facilities for a self-sustainable supply of energy to cope with climate change. To reduce energy consumption, the building uses natural ventilation and lighting. In December, Seoul City plans to complete the trial project of the Energy Zero House and use the results of the trial as a blueprint for new buildings with a self-sustainable supply of energy in the future.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon held a quarterly regular meeting, with some 3,720 officials of Seoul City, at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts at 8:00 a.m. on Feb. 26. During the meeting, when asked about what were the most rewarding and least rewarding aspects among the changes Seoul had made so far, Oh said the most rewarding aspect was that Seoul was ranked top on a list of integrity. The least rewarding aspect was that the city had failed to keep the top spot on the integrity list for a second consecutive year. Oh went on to emphasize that integrity is the first step toward a great Seoul City, and he urged all of the officials to roll up their sleeves and regain the top stop this year. Last year, the city was ranked ninth on the list of integrity after taking No. 1 spot in 2008.
U.S. weekly magazine Newsweek introduced the major projects and policies being carried out by Seoul City to reshape the city through design in an article headlined Seoul Kicks off Its Year of Design published in its global edition on Feb. 15. The article, written by Newsweek journalist Katie Baker, was posted on the magazines Web site on Feb. 4. In the article, the magazine said Seoul, which had a drab and generic look, has had its look changed through strategic design policies that have been implemented since the second-half of 2006. It is because of such efforts that Seoul won the title of the World Design Capital for 2010, the magazine said. In addition, the magazine cited some analysts who compared the Year in Design by Seoul, which aims to make design a growth engine for the Seoul economy, to the 1988 Seoul Olympics in terms of global exposure and the potential for tourist dollars through the promotion of the tourism industry. Also, multinational companies and luxury-good makers have been taking note of Seoul due to the citys design potential, according to the magazine. It was the fourth time this year that an influential foreign media source has carried a story about Design Seoul. On Jan. 10, the New York Times ranked Seoul third in The 31 Places to Go in 2010. On Jan. 19, the British design magazine Wallpaper selected Seoul as one of the candidates for Best City for the Wallpaper Design Awards 2010. Also, on Jan. 21, Lonely Planet, the most popular travel guide book in the world, introduced the charm of Seoul and gave 10 reasons to visit the city under a headline Learning to love Seoul. Such coverage by influential foreign media is just rewards for Seouls efforts to reshape its look through design. Whats more, the interest by foreign media proved that Seouls design policies, which use design as a marketing tool to increase awareness of the citys brand, were gaining greater global recognition. So, such coverage should help Seoul to step up its international brand marketing.
In order to gradually transform the current buses and taxis in use in the Korean capital into eco-friendly, green vehicles, Seoul City started a trial operation of LPi hybrid taxis on Dec. 3, 2009  a global first. In addition, the city began a trial service of electric buses that run on three circular routes near Namsan (Mt.) as part of its plan to replace all buses and taxis with hybrid or electric vehicles by 2020. The move is drawing attention from foreign influential media outlets, who have expressed their interest in Seouls eco-friendly and green policy. The project to replace vehicles for public transportation services with hybrid or electric cars, which has been underway since last year, is gradually paying off, based on South Koreas advanced technology on electric vehicles. In March of last year, Seoul City launched a team to develop and distribute eco-friendly, green cars for the first time among local governments, here. Also, the city is at the forefront of amending the relevant regulations and building infrastructure for green cars by exchanging policies with foreign cities, such as London and Los Angeles. In particular, Seoul City and the Korea Advanced Institute of Science and Technology have jointly pushed for a project to develop an electric car that can be recharged on roadways while running. The city is also working with LG CNS to develop a rapid-recharging system for electric passenger cars and electric buses, based on the nations advanced electric vehicle technology. Many experts say these projects involve superior technology compared to the similar projects in other foreign cities. As a result of such efforts, officials from foreign cities are increasingly visiting Seoul to benchmark the advanced technology being utilized by the city and local firms and to exchange information. The world has become enamored with the development and distribution of green cars and many observers admit that the era of the green car has become the latest catchphrase. Advanced nations have also been viewing the eco-friendly car industry as a growth driver for the future. The project to develop eco-friendly, green cars by Seoul City is expected to promote the development of the relevant industries by expanding the demand for these vehicles. 
As the first exhibition of design work to held this year at Dongdaemun History & Culture Park, the park is holding the 10 Colors, 10 Designers of Seoul exhibition featuring 10 colorful dreams of design by 10 designers. Dongdaemun History & Culture Park opened to the public on October. 27 last year to serve as a venue for history-, culture- and design-related events. Those who visit the 10 Colors, 10 Designers of Seoul exhibition will be presented with design works full of the kind of imagination and visionary aesthetic that was shown by the designer of Dongdaemun History & Culture Park  the British architect Zaha Hadid. Hence, organizers hope that this exhibition will convince visitors to consider the facilities at Dongdaemun as a part of their daily lives. 
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon attended a ceremony to launch a Seoul City Senior Volunteer Corps, which consists of about 1,000 senior citizens with expertise and high academic backgrounds, on Feb. 4 at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts. In his opening remarks, Oh said the city is making major efforts to encourage citizens to voluntarily participate in its welfare policies under the name of participatory welfare. Oh said he expects the senior volunteer corps to act as a model for participatory welfare, asking the members to actively participate in volunteer activities. The Seoul City Senior Volunteer Corps will engage in 12 fields, including public health and medical treatments, culture and arts, foreign-language interpretation and sports education. After receiving applications from volunteers in each field, activities began this month. Seoul City is coordinating and supporting the overall work for the senior volunteer corps.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon visited the Gangnam Business Start-Up Center for Young People in Munjeong-dong, Songpa-gu on Feb. 9. During the visit, Oh inspected the center and encouraged young people who plan to start a company or business. Oh said he aims to overcome youth unemployment through a variety of customized support programs and nurture them into global leaders who lead the Korean economy. In addition, Oh said the citys goal is to make 1,000 success stories from young people who start a business. To that end, the city will aggressively support young entrepreneurs with innovative ideas and technology, Oh said.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon appointed a Korean-American chef Corey Lee, one of the worlds renowned chefs, as a PR Ambassador for Seoul City on Feb. 5. Oh met Lee for the first time at the Amazing Korean Table 2009, a global gastronomical feast held in Seoul in late October last year. At the feast, Oh was impressed with Lees outstanding culinary art and his efforts to herald Korean cuisines to the world. It was then that Oh was said to ask Lee to serve as the PR Ambassador for Seoul. At the appointment ceremony, Oh said a variety of food choices is very important to attract foreign tourists to Seoul. In that context, Korean cuisines have the charm to lure people from around the world, Oh said. And then, Oh asked Lee to let people around the world know the taste of Seoul as the PR Ambassador for Seoul.
The WDC World Design Cities Summit will be held on Feb. 23 at the Grand Hyatt Hotel Seoul with the mayors and representatives from major cities around the world attending. Under the theme of Design and Cities: Designing a Competitive City for the 21st Century, the summit is one of official events organized by Seoul City to mark the citys appointment as the World Design Capital 2010. So far, 31 cities around the world  11 cities in Europe, 13 in Asia, five in America and two in Africa  have been scheduled to participate in the summit. These cities have made strenuous efforts to advance and grow through design. In particular, attention for the design initiative is growing in China, with representatives from eight cities in China slated to attend the summit. At the summit, one of the most influential futurists in Europe and various mayors of global cities will discuss the notable progress in design development policies being made in their cities and the link between design and urban development. On the first day of the summit, on Feb. 23, Matthias Horx, one of the most influential futurists in Europe, will give a keynote speech on the theme of Design and the Future: How Design Changes the World. On the second day of the summit, on Feb. 24, world intellectuals will hold a special session under the theme of Design & Future Cities. Among the intellectuals for this special session are Lee Eo-ryeong, a former culture minister of South Korea, Chris Wainwright, dean of the School of Art at Central Saint Martins, University of the Arts London and Chen Dongliang, director of the Beijing Industrial Design Center. On the morning of Feb. 24, participating mayors and representatives will hold the Mayors Round Table to summarize the results of the summit and adopt a Declaration of Seoul Design City that will provide the best strategies for cities to develop through design. As the World Design Capital for 2010, Seoul City plans to raise its global profile as a design-focused city throughout the WDC World Design Cities Summit (http://wdcseoulsummit.kr). Meanwhile, the city plans to promote its brand as a design city by holding a variety of design-related events and exhibitions in 2010.
If a convention with more than 2,000 participants is held in Seoul, the city will provide as much as 100 million won (US$86,467) to the conventions organizers. In addition, if a global conference affiliated with the G20 summit in November is held in Seoul, the city will offer a G20 incentive to the conferences organizers. For foreign participants attending the conference, the city also plans to provide them with a booklet called Seoul Golden 20  20 Things to Do in Seoul. The projects were included in the 2010 MICE Industry Promotion Plan unveiled by the city. Throughout the projects, Seoul City said it aims to draw 300,000 tourists for the meetings, incentive travel, conventions and exhibitions (MICE) industry in 2010. 
The Group of Twenty (G20) major economies include the Group of Seven advanced economies (the United States, Japan, Britain, France, Germany, Italy and Canada), the so-called BRIC countries (Brazil, Russia, India and China), emerging economies (South Korea, Indonesia, Mexico, Australia, Turkey, South Africa and Argentina) and the European Union. In addition to the 20 members, the G20 is comprised of the United Nations, the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank. Seoul City sets plans for successful host of G20 summit in November On Feb. 4, Seoul City said it has launched projects to successfully host a G20 summit in Seoul in November. The projects include support for accommodation, transportation, security and ways to let people around the world know about Seoul. The projects consist of three categories Supports for Government to Host G20 Summit, Project to Improve Seouls Dignity and Project to Increase Economic Benefits of Seoul City to maximize economic gains as the host of the G20 summit. Comprehensive measures to support accommodation, transportation and security to successfully host G20 summitTo provide comfortable accommodation to participants at the G20 summit in November, Seoul City plans to open comprehensive support centers for G20 participants at 75 first-class hotels in Seoul. The centers plan to provide emergency medical treatment, interpretation, information and visa-related services.Also, 15 eco-friendly electric vehicles will be on the roads between the summits venue and hotels and the city plans to increase the number of taxis for foreign tourists to 500 from 226. About 1,000 volunteers with foreign-language skills will be mobilized to help the foreign participants at 25 subway stations, 165 bus stops and other places nearby the summits venue and hotels. To offer an emergency medical service, the city will set up a medical support center with private hospitals and operate emergency medical centers at the first-class hotels and major tourist spots. Each emergency medical center will consist of four doctors and nurses. In addition, the city will designate the summits venue, hotels and other places where many foreigners would visit as a special management zone for food safety, aimed at strengthening precautionary measures for food safety. Project to Improve Seouls Dignity to successfully host G20 summit In an effort to herald a clearer and attractive image of Seoul to the world during the November G20 summit, Seoul City designated the fourth Wednesday of each month as a Big Cleanup Day when people are encouraged to voluntarily participate in a city cleanup campaign. Whats more, the city plans to encourage citizens to join volunteer projects to successfully host the G20 summit and improve the image of Seoul citizens through foreign eyes. The city plans to launch a project to improve Seouls dignity by a notch through a campaign to become a mature global citizen that calls for citizens to participate in a movement to resolve global issues. Project to Increase Economic Benefits of Seoul City to maximize achievements from G20 summitSeoul City plans to use the G20 summit in November as a chance to increase foreign direct investment and advertise the citys advantages in the convention industry to G20 participants and foreign media. In addition, the city will push to host the summits auxiliary conferences and events. The city has been in consultation with the central government to host the B20 conference and a spouse program at the Floating Island on Hangang. Also, the city will attract foreign investment during investor relations sessions with corporate leaders of the B20 conference, tour programs to major development areas and face-to-face consultations with corporate executives.
The Hangang Project Headquarters recently unveiled a list of riverside places along the Hangang to take a great photograph at its Web site (http://hangang.seoul.go.kr). Compared with other seasons, these places are more picturesque in winter and are close enough to enjoy the hidden charm of the river. How about taking a walk around one of the places with your loved one?Gangseo Wetland Ecological Park, a paradise of winter migratory birds When you stroll down the path toward Haengjudaegyo from the Gangseo Information Center, you will find the marshland ecological park. Also, when you head to the research center for birds at Banghwadaegyo, you will see winter migratory birds on the Hangang.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon hosted a ceremony to encourage Seoul-style socially responsible companies with the heads of 110 companies picked by the city as the initial group of Seoul-style socially responsible firms. The ceremony was held at 10:00 a.m. on Feb. 3 at the Korea Press Center. In his speech, the mayor said that his top priority is to create jobs, adding he believes that the starting point for the happiness of citizens in Seoul is to have work. To cope with the economic crisis, Seoul City has launched a number of projects to create jobs, including Seoul Job Plus Center and financial aids to small- and medium-sized firms. As a result, Mayor Oh emphasized that the number of jobs in Seoul rose about 2.5-fold last year, compared with the employment numbers before he was inaugurated as mayor.In addition, in a special measure to create high-quality jobs, the city plans to find and nurture 1,000 socially responsible companies over the next three years. The measure aims to create 28,000 jobs. The mayor said the special measure is one of the citys core projects for job creation j this year, adding he will make a breakthrough to achieve his target of creating jobs, while at the same time ensuring welfare, at a time when job creation is difficult.
Systematic protection of cultural heritage items inside the four main gates, iconic structures for Seouls history and cultureIn order to make Seoul, literally a city of history, Seoul City is mapping out measures to systematically protect cultural heritages inside the citys four Great Gates. The four gates are Heunginjimun (Dongdaemun) in the east, Donuimun (Seodaemun) in the west, Sungnyemun (Namdaemun) in the south and Sukjeongmun in the north. Since Seoul had been surrounded by a wall and the four gates as a capital of the Joseon Dynasty for about 500 years, there are a number of valuable cultural properties inside the four gates.Besides efforts to protect and preserve cultural properties inside the four gates, Seoul has aggressively implemented projects to preserve traditional structures, including hanok (traditional Korean houses) and narrow streets, in areas where cultural assets are packed. As part of such work, Seoul launched a project to preserve Bukchon, a village replete with hanok. The project led Seoul to win an Award of Distinction in the 2009 United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization Asia-Pacific Heritage Awards in August last year. However, as Seoul is renovating its downtown and valuable relics of the Joseon Dynasty are found in the process of the renovation projects, the city concluded that existing measures have a limit to comprehensively protect cultural properties. Accordingly, the city is drawing up the Comprehensive Conservation Measures for cultural properties inside the four gates. The comprehensive measures call for Seoul to map out ways to protect cultural assets in each area inside the four main gates, to comprehensively preserve and manage discovered relics and to build and provide a transparent database of excavation works. Those measures are expected to let construction firms know whether there are cultural assets in areas where they plan to renovate. So, the measures are expected to prevent a delay in a renovation project and a resulting increase in costs stemming from a sudden discovery of cultural relics.
Three artificial islands on the river, Floating Island At last, Floating Island, composed of three artificial islands, is set to appear on the Hangang. On Feb. 6, one of the artificial islands, the No. 2 Island, will be launched on the river. Workers started assembling the No. 2 Island at a site located at the southern part of Dongjakdaegyo on Sept. 25 last year. In early April this year, the artificial islands will be moved to the southern part of Banpodaegyo, where they will be located, and partially opened to the public in late May. The No. 1 Island and the No. 3 Island will be launched in March and April, respectively. The Floating Island plans to start operations in August. Inspired by a citizens proposal in 2007, the Floating Island will house water- and environment-friendly facilities for performances, conventions and exhibitions. Also, it will serve as year-round culture and leisure facilities. Under the theme of Flower of Hangang, each of the three islands will have a different function, allowing citizens to enjoy the unique riverside culture that they may not have experienced before. In addition, Seoul City plans to make the Floating Island a tourist destination by linking it with Jamsugyo Walking Track, Banpo Rainbow Fountain and others. Under the theme of the Flower of Hangang, the Floating Island consists of the three artificial islands, each with a different function. The No. 2 Island will house a theme restaurant with 3D technology, a forest of youth, a performance zone Beat Square and a culture-experience zone under the themes of Youth and Festival. An official at Seoul City said the Floating Island will become a venue for culture that meets the expectations of citizens, by using advanced technology and by assuring safety and security.
Seoul City said it will widen the scope of the academic excavation survey for the Jongmyo Square Sanctuarization Project. The survey on the public square, in front of the Jongmyo Royal Shrine, commenced in November 2008 to gather the basic materials for turning the square into a sanctuary. The Jongmyo Royal Shrine, added to the UNESCOs World Heritage List in 1995, is a Confucian shrine (Historic Site No. 125) dedicated to the memorial services for the deceased kings and queens of the Korean Joseon Dynasty (1392~1910). But, the image of Jongmyo Square has become tarnished due to the disordered activities and facilities there. The widened survey conducted by the Seoul Museum of History will cover the western part of Jongmyo Square (costing 5 million won) from March to October. So far, Jongmyo Square has presented a shameful visage to the foreign tourists who visit the Jongmyo Royal Shrine because it has been frequently used for social gatherings, street demonstrations and as a place of business for sidewalk vendors. To tackle these problems, Seoul City and Jongno-gu decided to launch the Jongmyo Square Sanctuarization Project in 2007 and started cleaning up the square. From November 2008, they began an academic excavation survey to restore the historical and cultural assets in the square. The project put its focus on restoring a number of cultural assets, including Eodo (a kings path), Hongsalmun (a red gate leading into the ceremonial area), Hamabi (a commandment stone that requires everybody passing Jongmyo to get off their horse), Eojeong (a kings well), Pimat-gil and Sulla-gil. Also, Jongmyo Square will be decorated with a cluster of trees similar to those inside the Jongmyo Royal Shrine. In the future, the Jongmyo Royal Shrine is expected to become a venue that shares the value of history and culture with the citizens as a UNESCO World Heritage Site. In addition, by building an axis of green culture linking Changgyeonggung (Palace), Jongmyo, Seun Arcade and Namsan, it is expected to become one of the most representative sites for history and culture in Seoul for people of all ages.
The number of visitors to Gwanghwamun Square, which opened to the public on Aug. 1 last year, is set to exceed 10 million people. An average of 50,000 people a day is visiting Gwanghwamun Square. If the trend continues, the number of visitors will surpass 10 million people in February. Because Gwanghwamun Square is adjacent to tourist destinations, including Gyeongbokgung (Palace) and Cheonggyecheon (Stream) and boasts a number of interesting sights, the square is becoming an urban resting place where Seoul citizens and visitors to Seoul want to stop by. With the number of visitors to Gwanghwamun Square rising, stores nearby the square saw sales increase. In the case of doughnut and ice-cream stores close to the square, sales rose significantly after the square was opened to the public. Despite the popularity from citizens, the square is drawing various opinions surrounding its identity and management amid a controversy over excessive structures there. In the early days of the opening, the square was also under scrutiny over the safety of pedestrians. In response, Seoul City plans to outline details on how to operate the square by comprehensively gathering opinions from a debate of citizens and experts to assure the squares identity.
This years first exhibition of design work at Dongdaemun History & Culture Park opened to public on Oct. 27 last year. It serves as a venue to let visitors experience history, culture and design together. The park is hosting the 10 Colors, 10 Designers of Seoul exhibition featuring 10 dreams of design by 10 designers. The exhibition is being held at the Design Gallery of Dongdaemun History & Culture Park to mark Seouls appointment as the World Design Capital 2010. At the exhibition, the 10 designers, who have won acclaim for their design work at home and abroad, show their work featuring Seoul and life of citizens in Seoul with 10 colors representing the city. Citizens who visit the exhibition will enjoy design works with full of imagination and visionary aesthetic facilities designed by a British architect Zaha Hadid at Dongdaemun History & Culture Park. The exhibition is expected to prompt visitors to feel the facilities at Dongdaemun a pat of their daily life. Organized by Seoul Design Foundation, the free exhibition is being held from Jan. 29 to April 7 (10:00 a.m. to 21:00 p.m.).
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon attended a ceremony to open the Mullae Arts Factory, a multipurpose space for creative works built at the site of the former ironworks in Mullae-dong, Yeongdeungpo-gu. The ceremony was held at 3:00 p.m. on Jan. 28. In his opening remarks, Mayor Oh said the main reason Seoul City has put its focus on promoting culture and arts is to improve the quality of life for residents and to increase the competitiveness of each area throughout culture and arts. Given SoHo of New York City, the street in front of Hongik University, Samcheong-dong and Cheongdam-dong in Seoul, areas associated with culture and arts are drawing people and money and increasing the competitiveness of the area, the mayor said.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon attended a ceremony announcing a Telephone-Care Service for Elderly People Living Alone and signed a letter of intent with call-center operators and volunteer groups. The ceremony was held on Jan. 20 at the 120 Dasan Call Center in Sinseol-dong, Dongdaemun-gu, in the wake of the second anniversary of the launch of the 120 Dasan Call Center. Under the letter of intent, 23 call-center operators and volunteer groups agreed to participate in the Telephone-Care Service for Elderly People Living Alone. The service included making a phone call to elderly people at least twice a week to check their health, hoping to help develop Seoul into a sharing and affectionate neighborhood.In an opening remark at the ceremony, Oh said he expected the telephone-care service to become a good model for welfare with citizen participation. One of the main targets for Seouls welfare policy this year is a participatory welfare, which encourages citizens to actively join efforts to help underprivileged people in Seoul, Oh said. Other main targets aim to achieve autonomous welfare and comprehensive welfare services, Oh added.Meanwhile, a reputation for services of the 120 Dasan Call Center is spilling over local government, private sectors and worldwide. Already, 440 local institutions benchmarked the 120 Dasan Call Center. Also, 44 cities from 27 countries, including Moscow and Guangxi Province in China, have learned about the services. So far, the 120 Dasan Call Center has received nine awards honoring its services, including the Best Award for Customer Satisfaction, and earned seven certifications, including the ISO9001 standard for quality management systems.
High scores were received in giving all officials motivation and managing their achievementsHaechi is a mythical animal representing justice and integrity and is the symbol of Seoul City. Like a dragon and a phoenix, the Haechi is a legendary animal that is said to but, with the horn on its forehead, anyone who receives a graft payment or does anything unfair. In front of the Seoul City Hall, there is a statue of the Haechi, and while the statue is there because it is the symbol of Seoul, it also highlights the citys campaign against corruption. Seoul City encourages all of its officials to wear the Haechi badge. Also, the city has introduced a zero-tolerance system against corruption, named One Strike, Youre Out. Under the system, city officials involved in a corruption case will be fired regardless of the amount of money they received or their rank (job title or position). Helped by such efforts, Seoul City was ranked top in the 2009 evaluation of anti-corruption efforts of 16 self-governing cities and provinces, conducted by the Anti-Corruption & Human Rights Commission. The evaluation result was released on Jan. 22. Implementations of One Strike, Youre Out system, dedicated services for civil affairsOne of most eye-catching anti-corruption efforts by Seoul City is the One Strike, Youre Out system. The system requires an official who has pocketed any money from public funds(even if the amount is less than 1 million won [US$859]), asked for graft or lavish entertainment, regularly brokered bribes or conducted his or her work in an illegal way, to be immediately dismissed from his or her post. For stricter punishment, the official involved in a corruption case will be permanently banned from taking a job at city-funded or city-affiliated institutions. In addition, Seoul City is monitoring the level of integrity for its officials and operating the 120 Dasan Call Center to improve the quality of public services. The city is also making major efforts to increase citizens satisfaction in public services by developing a system to gauge how fast civil-affair services are processed.
Actor Jang Geun-suk, who is gaining wide recognition in the entertainment fields of movies, TV drama and music and has been dubbed one of next-generation stars for Hallyu or Korean Wave, was appointed on Jan. 21 as a PR Ambassador for Seoul City. As the youngest PR Ambassador for Seoul, Jang, who is becoming one of South Koreas best-loved actors in Japan and China for his main role in an SBS drama Youre Beautiful, will promote the citys unique and great charm to the world in the wake of the 2010 Visit Korea Year  With Seoul. Also, he will play the role of PR Ambassador to improve conditions in the field of culture and welfare for young, talented artists and underprivileged people. In August last year, Jang showed his talent as a PR Ambassador for Seoul by winning an award for his jointly-produced video clip in the UCC (User Created Content) Contest hosted by Seoul City. Jang and his friends won a Silver Award in the contest, titled 2009 Click Your Dream, for college students. Because the number of clicks by anonymous Internet users was a part of the qualification process for an award, Jang used his nickname to hide his real name although he directly participated in the idea gathering, production and editing for the video clip. Later, Jangs low profile for the UCC Contest became known and was spotlighted. The award-winning video clip, titled The Object of His Affection, was shown at a meeting between Jang and his Japanese fans, letting them know about Seouls charm and its tourist destinations. The video also recorded higher views at YouTube after it was posted on the Hi Seoul channel on the video-sharing Web site. At the appointment ceremony, Jang donated his favorite checked shirt and a soundtrack album of the SBS drama Youre Beautiful. Whenever I travel, I drive my car over the Bugak Skyway and Jeong-dong. Driving there, I am always impressed that Im living in Seoul with such beautiful places, Jang said. Jang said he will vigorously promote what he called humane and beautiful Seoul as the citys youngest PR Ambassador.
Seoul was chosen as one of the candidates for Best City of the Wallpaper Design Awards 2010 by a British magazine, Wallpaper. Seoul is drawing international attention in 2010. After Seoul was ranked third in a list of The 31 Places to Go in 2010 by the New York Times on Jan. 10, the city was again in the spotlight in a British magazine. Wallpaper, one of the influential design-related magazines in Britain, picked Seoul on January 12, as one of five candidate cities for Best City of the Wallpaper Design Awards 2010. Attention focused on architectural projects and events that have created a wave of new design in Seoul.Other candidates for Best City included New York, Berlin, Rotterdam and Istanbul. The magazine picked Seoul as one of the candidates because the city plans to host a number of events in the wake of Seouls designation as the 2010 World Design Capital. Also, Seoul gained attention because of its architectural projects, including Dongdaemun Design Plaza and Dongdaemun History & Culture Park. With Seoul selected as one of the candidates for Best City of the Wallpaper Design Awards 2010, the city has a chance to herald its changing, beautiful landscape through video clips and photos at the magazines Web site.
Seouls population stands at 10.46 million, rising for the sixth consecutive year since 2004. Seouls population rose for the sixth consecutive year since 2004. According to statistics compiled as of Dec. 31 last year, the citys population stood at 10,464,051 people, up 0.08 percent or 8,017 people from 2008. While the population rose from a year ago, the growth rate slowed because of a low birth rate and fewer foreigners registering as citizens in Seoul.The number of newborn babies fell to 91,029 in 2009, compared with 100,337 in 2003 and 126,742 in 1999. It indicates that the number of newborn babies shrank by about 35,000 in a decade. In contrast, the statistics showed that theaging of Seoul accelerated. Over the past decade, the number of people aged 65 and more jumped 77.85 percent to 942,946 people in 2009, compared with 530,190 people in 1999. The ratio of people aged 65 and older to total population rose to 9.01 percent in 2009 from 5.14 percent in 1999. As a result, the average age of people in Seoul rose to 37.6 in 2009, compared with 32.7 in 1999. A sharp rise in single householdsThe number of Korean households in Seoul rose 17.94 percent from a decade ago to 4,116,660 homes. But, the average number of people per household fell to 2.48 in 2009, compared with 2.94 in 1999. In particular, the number of single households jumped 66.05 percent from a decade ago to 1,441,632 in 2009, from 868,217 in 1999. After showing a rapid growth in the 2000s, the pace of growth in the number of foreigners living in Seoul slowed last year. By countries, the number of Vietnamese people rose 10.96 percent last year from a year ago, followed by Chinese (10.95 percent), Uzbekistanis (7.61 percent) and Russians (7.14 percent). However, the number of Pakistanis fell 11.62 percent, followed by Indians (6.69 percent) and people from the Philippines (3.95 percent).Seoul Citys measures against aging societySeoul is one of the worlds fastest aging cities. According to data by Statistics Korea as of Oct. 1, 2008, the number of people aged 65 and older was expected to surpass 1 million in 2012. Seoul is likely to become an aging society with the number of people aged 65 and older accounting for 14.1 percent of the population. In 2027, Seoul is expected to become an ultra-aging society with the number accounting for 20.3 percent of the population. To handle an upcoming era of 1 million people aged 65 and older, Seoul City is preparing for a new infrastructure concept to improve welfare for senior citizens. Under the plan, the city plans to build a welfare center in downtown Seoul, which was tentatively named the 9988 Welfare Center and will play a central role in implementing policies for senior citizens. Also, Seoul plans to build four major welfare facilities, which will house a swimming pool, a fitness center and a performance venue, for senior citizens. The planned facilities are designed to meet various demands from senior citizens, offering a one-stop service for them to receive medical treatment, healthcare service and engage in various social activities.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon hosted the ceremony to launch an after-school care facility, Happy School, with 300 representatives from business, education and civic groups, including SK Group Chairman Chey Tae-won and Kim Sook-hee, head of non-governmental organizations. The Happy School is the first after-school care facility run jointly by SK Groups management support, Seoul Citys administrative support and NGOs experience on social contribution.In his speech, Mayor Oh said he expects the Happy School to rejuvenate public education and relieve some of the burden for private education as well as creating jobs for women. In the wake of launching the Happy School, the Mayor said Seoul City will put its focus on relieving citizens burdens on education and employment.
The quality of air in Seoul hits its best level since compiling data in 2001! The amount of particulate matter recorded at the end of November last year was 52 micrograms per cubic meter, reaching its lowest level since Seoul City began compiling the data in 1995. The quality of air in Seoul has gradually improved, with the amount of particulate matter standing at 55 micrograms per cubic meter in 2008, 61 micrograms per cubic meter in 2007 and 71 micrograms per cubic meter in 2001. 43 fuel stations for natural gas buses were built amid aggressive PR efforts on safety and conflict management To further improve the quality of air, Seoul City plans to replace all buses in the city with buses powered by compressed natural gas by the end of 2010. In addition, the city plans to reduce emissions of greenhouse gas and other pollutants by introducing eco-friendly, high-performance electric and hybrid vehicles. As part of these efforts, Seoul City built 43 fueling stations for natural gas buses after replacing diesel-powered buses with the eco-friendly vehicles. The 43 fueling stations can handle about 10,000 natural gas vehicles a day. In 2010, Seoul City plans to build four new fueling stations for natural gas buses. A bus powered by natural gas is more environmentally clean than other fuels such as gasoline and diesel. For a bus operator, a natural gas bus saves fuel costs. For a customer, the natural gas bus is good for the air quality because of the absence of any lead or benzene content. However, building a fuel station for natural gas buses has been limited because such facilities are categorized as dangerous. Despite the limitation, Seoul City built a fueling station for natural gas buses at the citys headquarter building in central Seoul with the aim of showing the safety of the facility. Since 2006, Seoul City has expanded fueling stations for natural gas buses more than twice a year. Currently, fueling stations in Seoul can handle a total of 9,790 natural gas vehicles a day. If four more fuel stations are built this year as planned, the capacity will rise to 10,470 vehicles a day.
3D exhibition featuring a 600-year-old design history of Seoul and state-of-the-art technology The Seoul Design Assets Exhibition is being held from Jan. 8 to March 7 at the Seoul Museum of Art with the aim of increasing the identity and superiority of design in Seoul. The exhibition will showcase 51 properties with excellent design work in Seoul in the wake of the citys designation as the 2010 World Design Capital. Visitors can experience the 600-year-old history of design in Seoul and its future. The exhibition consists of five areas, categorized by features of each asset on display, and two zones named Prologue and Epilogue. At each exhibition hall, visitors can see, touch and experience the design articles using cutting-edge technology. By infusing Seouls design history with modern technology, the exhibition allows visitors to vividly experience design assets in Seoul in the past, current and future. Meanwhile, Seoul City plans to host a number of events as part of Seouls designation as the 2010 World Design Capital. The events include the WDC World Design Cities Summit (Feb. 23-24), the Childrens Camp on Design Creativity (May) and the Seoul Design Fair (Sept. 27-Oct. 7, Jamsil Sports Complex).Seoul Design Assets Exhibition 
Seoul City has announced that it aims to attract 10 million foreign tourists in 2010 by promoting the tourism industry as the citys top priority to help it create 30,000 jobs and generate 6 trillion won (US$5.3 billion) in economic benefits. In particular, Seoul City said it will maximize the effect of job creation and economic benefits by making the city one of leading destinations for medical and convention tourism.  As part of efforts to boost the convention industry, Seoul City plans to host 150 international conferences, or 300,000 foreign visitors, in 2010, compared with 120 global conferences, or about 230,000 foreign visitors, last year. With regard to medical tourism, which is gaining popularity among people in Asian nations by drawing them to travel to Seoul for medical care, cosmetic surgery or health checkups, Seoul City plans to take comprehensive measures to boost the number of foreign tourists for medical tourism to 52,000 this year, compared with 37,000 last year. As South Korea plans to waive visa requirements for Chinese tourists, Seoul City plans to develop and sell unique tour packages to increase the number of Chinese tourists to Seoul to 1.8 million this year, compared with 1.34 million last year. Meanwhile, Seoul City was ranked third in a list of The 31 Places to Go in 2010 by the New York Times. In its Jan. 10 edition, the New York Times picked Seoul, the 2010 World Design Capital as the third place in its list of the The 31 Places to Go in 2010, after Sri Lanka and Patagonia Wine Country of Argentina. With its headline saying, Design aficionados are now heading to Seoul, the U.S. newspaper described Seoul as a city where design enthusiasts are flocking due to the citys glammed-up cafes and restaurants, immaculate art galleries and monumental fashion palaces.  In order to capitalize on such attention at home and abroad, Seoul City has said it will step up efforts with the central government to successfully implement the 2010 Visit Korea Year  With Seoul. By attracting 10 million foreign tourists this year, Seoul City aims to create 30,000 jobs and generate 6 trillion won in economic benefits to rejuvenate the citys economy. An official at Seoul City said, 2010 is Visit Korea Year and the year when Seoul is designated as the World Design Capital, which hosts various design-related events. Also, the G-20 summit is planned for November in Seoul. Keeping those events in mind,, Seoul City plans to launch a campaign to better welcome foreign tourists, boost medical tourism and improve facilities for international visitors. These plans will help Seoul City attract 10 million tourists this year for the first time.
Seoul City announced on Jan. 13 the results of two separate surveys of 1,600 local people in China, Japan and Thailand as well as 600 foreign tourists visiting Seoul from China, Japan and Thailand. The surveys on Analysis of Effects on Overseas Marketing by Seoul City in 2009 were conducted by The Nielsen Co., a global marketing research firm, in October and December last year and commissioned by the city. The majority of respondents said they visited Seoul because ads on Seoul made them like the city In the first survey of 600 foreign tourists visiting Seoul from China, Japan and Thailand, conducted by The Nielson Co. between Dec. 4 and 15 at major tourist attractions in Seoul, including Namdaemun Market, Gyeongbokgung (Palace), Myeong-dong, Insa-dong, Jongno, Itaewon and Hanok Village (Traditional Korean Village), a majority of the respondents said they visited Seoul because they had a better image of the city after watching advertisements by Seoul City and television dramas set in their countries. The results showed that overseas advertisements by Seoul City played a key role in improving the citys brand awareness and attracted extra numbers of foreign tourists. Accordingly, it indicates that Seouls overseas marketing efforts to increase the citys brand awareness are making an impact. In particular,8 out of 10 Chinese people,7 out of 10 Japanese people and8 out of 10 Thai people responded they watched advertisements on Seoul City. In addition, more than 80 percent of respondents from the three nations said the ads appealed to them. Most tourists from China, Japan and Thailand expressed their intention to recommend Seoul as a tourist destination Whats more, most tourists  83.6 percent of Chinese, 91.2 percent of Japanese and 74 percent of Thai - said they intend to recommend Seoul as a tourist destination, indicating they were impressed by Seouls tour programs that let them experience local history and culture. Seoul, picked as a city most want to visit for 2nd straight year In the second survey of 1,600 local people in China, Japan and Thailand, who made an overseas trip over the past two years or plan to make such a trip within the next year, Seoul was selected as the city where they most want to visit within a year for the second straight year. In the previous survey conducted in November 2008, Seoul had been selected as a city where 13.9 percent of Chinese, 9.8 percent of Japanese and 16 percent ofThai people most want to visit within a year. The surveys noted that a preference on Seoul as a tourist destination among Chinese and Japanese people was gradually growing. In May, 2008, Seoul was ranked sixth (4 percent) in China and fifth (5.1 percent) in Japan in a list of cities that they most like. As of the end of 2008, Seouls ranking rose to fourth (8 percent) in China and third (7.2 percent) in Japan. In a recent survey conducted at the end of 2009, Seouls ranking rose further to third (7.9 percent) in China and second (7 percent) in Japan. Achievements of overseas marketing endeavors through TV stars, direct ads on TV dramas and sports marketing Since 2008, Seoul City has launched an aggressive overseas marketing program which has helped the city significantly increase its awareness and preference. In 2008, Seoul City started an ad blitz on televisions and in newspapers in China, Japan, Southeast Asia and North America to promote the citys image under the Hi Seoul, Soul of Asia mantras, with Japanese novelist Ryu Murakami, US pianist George Winston and Chinese director Chen Kaige featured in the ads. In 2009, Seoul City launched a campaign of Infinitely Yours, Seoul, to put an emphasis on a variety of cultural experiences and strengthened advertisements through Hallyu, or Korean Wave, stars and its products. Also, Seoul City set up LED advertising boards on buildings and buses in Beijing, Tokyo, Shanghai, Manhattan and Paris to raise Seouls brand awareness. An official in charge of public relations and planning in Seoul City said, In 2010 we will do our utmost to attract tourists from around the world, beyond Asia, and help create jobs as Seoul will host the World Design Capital Seoul 2010 and the G-20 Summit in November this year. Seoul was recently selected as the third most popular destination The 31 Places to Go in 2010 by the New York Times. The Analysis of Effects on Overseas Marketing by Seoul City in 2009 consisted of two separate surveys, an online survey of 1,600 local people in China, Japan and Thailand and another face-to-face survey and Focus Group Interview of 600 tourists visiting Seoul between Dec. 4 and 15 in 2009. An interview with local people and tourists is now under way and will be completed by the end of January. 
Attention focused on Seoul as the 2010 World Design CapitalDesign city Seoul is drawing attention from people around the world as it was ranked third in a list of The 31 Places to Go in 2010 by the New York Times. In its Jan. 10 edition, the New York Times picked Seoul, the 2010 World Design Capital as the third place to visit in its list of The 31 Places to Go in 2010, followed by Sri Lanka and Patagonia Wine Country of Argentina. With its headline saying, Design aficionados are now heading to Seoul, the U.S. newspaper described Seoul as a city where design aficionados are flocking due to the citys glammed-up cafes and restaurants, immaculate art galleries and monumental fashion palaces. In particular, the New York Times noted the fact that Seoul was designated as the 2010 World Design Capital, citing a Web site of the organizing committee for the World Design Capital Seoul 2010. A highlight will no doubt be the third annual Seoul Design Fair (Sept. 17 to Oct. 7), the citys answer to the design weeks in Milan and New York, which last year drew 2.5 million people and featured a cavalcade of events under two enormous inflatable structures set up at the citys Olympic stadium, the newspaper said. As the campaign of 2010-2012 Visit Korea Years started this year and international events, including the G-20 Summit in November and the 2010 World Design Capital are planned in Seoul, Seoul City plans to make 2010 a year of increasing Seouls profile to the world and hosting foreign tourists. As the New York Times recommended Seoul as one of The 31 Places to Go in 2010, the plan by Seoul City will gain momentum. For the World Design Capital Seoul 2010, the city plans to hold 141 design-related events this year, including privately-organized ones. By cooperating with the design industry, Seoul City aims to increase citizens understanding of design. Of the planned 141 events, a total of 51 events are organized by Seoul City, including the Opening Festival for the World Design Capital Seoul 2010, the WDC World Design Cities Summit, and the Seoul Design Assets Exhibition. Currently, visitors can attend the World Design Capital  Seoul Story until Jan. 17. The Seoul Design Assets Exhibition, which opened to the public on Jan. 8, will last until March 7 at Seoul Museum of History. Featuring the history of design in Seoul with a three-dimension hologram and video works, the exhibition aims to herald the identity and superiority of design in Seoul to the world. In addition, Seoul City plans to hold the WDC World Design Cities Summit on Feb. 23-24 with mayors of cities known for their merits of design attending. Under the theme of A City Makes a Leap Forward with Design, the summit aims to become a venue to discuss various measures to develop cities through design. The summits results will be reflected in Seouls policy of developing the city. From Sept. 17 to Oct. 7, the main event for the World Design Capital Seoul 2010, the Seoul Design Fair will be held at Jamsil Sports Complex under the theme of Design for All. In July, there will be a workshop, named Inter Design Workshop, with young designers from home and abroad. In addition, there will be an event to increase design creativity for children at Childrens Day on May 5. World Design Capitals mission, overseen by the International Council of Societies of Industrial Design (ICSID), is to recognize cities that manage to accomplish surprising development through utilization of innovative methods related to design. In 2008, Torino, Italy was designated as the pilot World Design Capital. At the ICSID general assembly meeting in San Francisco in October, 2007, Seoul was bestowed as the 2010 World Design Capital for the first time through a competition among cities. Helsinki, Finland was designated as the 2012 World Design Capital. In July last year, Seoul City selected 51 cultural heritages as the citys Design Assets which are worth learning about as they are representative of the values of current and future design. 
The Real Estate Rental Guide book, published in three languages, is available at foreign embassies, public offices In order to make it easier for foreigners to rent a home in South Korea, Seoul City published the Real Estate Rental Guide in three foreign languages, English, Japanese and Chinese. The book is available at foreign embassies, schools for foreign students, the Incheon International Airport, the Korea Trade and Investment Promotion Agency (KOTRA), offices for civil affairs at each district and the Global Village Center. The book includes residential areas for foreigners, houses for rent, things you must consider before choosing a home for rent, things to prepare and confirm when you sign a rental contract and things to confirm before you move to a home after signing a contract. Also included is a list of 122 Global Real Estate Brokerage Offices, designated by Seoul City as realtor offices which have agents who can speak a foreign language.Seoul City plans to put the Real Estate Rental Guide book online at the Seoul Global Center, the Seoul Land Information System, KOTRA and other institutions, allowing foreigners to read it any time.
The Hyoja-dong Sarangbang, dubbed the presidential museum of South Korea, was refurbished into a new tourist attraction by changing its name to Cheong Wa Dae (Office of the President) Sarangchae and opened to the public on Jan. 5. The Hyoja-dong Sarangbang had been used previously as a residence for the presidential chief of staff. Since February 1996, when the street in front of Cheong Wa Dae was opened to the public, the two-story building has been used as an exhibition hall for the photos and gifts that former presidents received. Over the past one and a half years, Seoul City spent a total of 19 billion won (US$16.8 million), including 15.5 billion won to renovate the building, to develop the Hyoja-dong Sarangbang into Cheong Wa Dae Sarangchae. The revamped building was designed to become a unique culture and tourist destination representing the images of Korea, while increasing convenient facilities for citizens. On the first floor of the Cheong Wa Dae Sarangchae, are the National Public Information Hall and the Seoul Public Information Hall. Among the facilities on the second floor are the Presidential Hall, the National Administration Public Information Hall and G20 Rest Stop. The National Public Information Hall features a profile of Korea, history, great men, cultural heritage, UNESCO World Heritage sites and figures featured on banknotes. At the Presidential Hall, there is a mockup presidential office, which allows visitors to experience the presidential office. Also, it is worth visiting the National Administration Public Information Hall and G20 Rest Stop, which feature a venue for the Group of 20 Summit to be held in November in South Korea. Overall, the Cheong Wa Dae Sarangchae was designed to allow visitors to experience each hall. Seoul City said it plans to develop the Cheong Wa Dae Sarangchae into one of Tourism Landmarks of Seoul, by linking it with Cheong Wa Dae Square, Gyeongbokgung (Palace) and Cheonggyecheon (Stream). 
Oh reaffirms willingness to reinvigorate Seouls economy for the benefit of low-income peopleSeoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon started 2010 at a predawn meeting at the construction site to build the Floating Island on the Hangang (River). As of around 7:10 a.m. on Jan. 3, Oh checked progress at the site. The Floating Island is one of the 15-year Hangang Renaissance projects by Seoul City. By starting his first day of work this year at the construction site, Oh reaffirmed his willingness to reinvigorate Seouls economy to help low-income people and complete the Hangang Renaissance projects as scheduled. The projects are gaining momentum after the completion of four specialized zones alongside Hangang. Under the theme of Seoul Flora, the Floating Island will be comprised of three artificial islands. Construction began in June last year and will be completed by the end of June this year. Currently, the construction work is 50 percent finished.
Seoul City aims to refurbish the park into an urban realm with global competitiveness In an effort to refurbish Seoul Grand Park into a world-class park with an international brand power, Seoul City announced on Dec. 28 last year that it selected the final entry GAIA: The Living World, a concept design by a consortium of five companies from South Korea, the United States and Singapore to redevelop the 31-year-old park, throughout an international competition. The most eye-catching aspect of the winning entry is that it combines the existing zoo, amusement park and botanical garden without boundaries. By harmoniously integrating such facilities in Seoul Grand Park, the proposal aims to create a place where human beings, animals and plants co-exist. In addition, the proposal plans to redevelop the park as the worlds first fifth-generation theme park by emphasizing the concepts of environment-friendly and an ecosystem and differentiating it from the worlds famous amusement parks such as Disney Land or Universal Studio. Under the winning proposal, Seoul Grand Park will be redeveloped into two areas a public park and The Living World. The public park will be free of charge, but The Living World will charge an admission fee to use facilities there. The public park will be built on an area of 701,000 square meters where it will be open to the public. The park will feature four themes as well as Seoul Walk, Lakeside Park, an urban farm, parking lots and a range of facilities for leisure. The Living World will be built at another area on 3,237,000 square meters in the park to let visitors experience different climate zones. It will have new attractions, including the Great Savanna, the Korean Forest, Ice Age, Jungle Cruise and Woodeumji Village. Woodeumji Village acts as the main gate for The Living World and will have world-class entertainment facilities and structures under the themes of the future and the ecosystem. There will be a Night Safari at Great Savanna, allowing visitors to view animals that can be seen in tropical savannas. The Ice Age is expected to be popular with visitors from Southeast Asian nations. Visitors can watch animals and rare plants in both polar zones in an open vehicle. In addition, there will be a Square of Snow in the Ice Age, which will include a snow-sled rink, an ice-skating rink and an ice-climbing zone. During the first-stage of construction between 2012 and 2015, Seoul City plans to complete building the urban farm, Seoul Walk, Lakeside Park, Woodeumji Village and parking lots. Between 2016 and 2018, or the period of the second-stage of construction, the Jungle Cruise, Oceania and Theme Zone B will be built. During the third-stage of construction between 2019 and 2020, the Great Savanna, Ice Age and the Korean Forest will be built.
Works begin on six residences of former presidents of Korea In the wake of announcing the plan of culture-nomics in April, 2008, which aims to make Seoul a creative, culture-friendly city, Seoul City started work to reassess its cultural assets that have not been properly protected. Currently, there are six residences of former Korean presidents, including Ehwajang (House), where the nations first president Syngman Rhee lived and appointed the first cabinet members of the Republic of Korea (official name of South Korea), and Gyeonggyojang, where Kim Koo, president of the Provisional Government (1927-48) lived. Of them, Ehwajang was promoted to a state-designated Historic Site as of April 28, 2009, from the Registered Cultural Property of Seoul City. In addition, the house of former president Park Chung-hee in Sindang-dong and that of former president Choi Kyu-ha in Seogyo-dong, which were on the brink of being damaged by development projects at nearby sites, were designated as Registered Cultural Properties of Seoul on Oct. 10, 2008.Besides buying and keeping those properties, Seoul City is also pushing for a project to preserve and let people know more about the sites by working with bus operators in Seoul to install signs at stops near the residences of former presidents. Residences of former political leaders
Seoul Citys Global Internship Program is gaining a great reputation as it attracts highly qualified students and provides valuable, hands-on experience to help prepare them for work in the public sector. Foreign students who participate in the program during their vacation can have a chance to experience public services and build their careers at the Seoul Metropolitan Government as well as increase their understanding of Seoul. Seoul City plans to hold the Fourth Global Internship Program from Jan. 5 to Feb. 8. A total of 36 students from 14 countries, including 15 from China,4 from Japan,3 from Vietnam,3 from the United States and two Russians were eligible for the internship. In particular, the fourth internship expanded its program by allowing the students to work at affiliated offices of Seoul City as well as the citys headquarters. Also, the fourth program enables the students to experience Koreas culture and the citys administrative work during the two-month period. Seoul City selected the 36 foreign students, who are studying at universities in Seoul, after receiving recommendations from each university from November last year and assessing their proficiency in Korean and English languages (or other languages needed for each office). Throughout the internship program, Seoul can increase its awareness as one of global cities to the world and help prepare participating students with future public service opportunities, said an official at Seoul City in charge of the internship. Seoul plans to open an Internet-based community site to help the students who participated into the internship strengthen their networking as well as a year-end event. Throughout the events, Seoul plans to establish measures on how to build an expatriate-friendly environment in the city.
At midnight on New Years Eve, Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon attended an annual ceremony to ring the bell at Bosingak (Belfry) in Jongno with 15 dignitaries representing about 10 million citizens in Seoul to greet the New Year with shouts of expectation and hope. Oh arrived at Bosingak around 11:40 p.m. on Dec. 31 last year and greeted the massive number of people who attended the ceremony. At midnight, Oh rang the bell 33 times with the 15 dignitaries to ring out the Year of the Ox and ring in the Year of the Tiger. In a speech, Oh said 2010 would be a busy year for Seoul as the city is set to host a series of international events, including the World Design Capital 2010, the 2010-2012 Visit Korea Year and a G-20 summit in November. Oh emphasized that Seoul should embrace those events as an opportunity to increase the citys awareness in the world and cement the nations economic recovery.
