Residents in Seoul appear to be faring most poorly in terms of forming a daily exercise habit among those in the 17 metropolises and provinces. As such, Seoul City has started the daily exercise campaign for local residents. Mayor Park Won Soon was the first one to sign up for the 33 (weight loss of 3kg in three months) Health Project. Citing as people with weak mind those whose resolution to lose weight lasts only three days, Mayor Park admitted being one of them. He said he would like to show that he can also do it for health.As one who has stressed the importance of preventive administration, Mayor Park noted that pushing ahead with a daily exercise program does not cost lots of money. Spending on daily exercise only 5% of what you usually spend for medical expenses will make you healthy. We at Seoul City will make lots of walking paths and hiking trails as well as workout facilities within the city. We will encourage Seoulites to gather at the Seoul square and dance together as a way to improve their health, just as the Chinese gather together early in the morning to do the Taijiquan Martial Art. I heard dancing also helps prevent diseases, he said.
Seoul Metropolitan Government has started the Ha-ha-ha (literally meaning one thing a day during the summer) Campaign as part of efforts to get over the dog days and save energy wisely. On July 5, Seoul Metropolitan Government held the Summer Cool Fashion Show and a session for teaching how to make hand-held fans at the Seoul Citizens Hall. The city will again give hand-held fans to 100 visitors toSeoul Metropolitan Government Hall every day between July 8 and August 22 (Energy Day) at the information desk as souvenir of the energy-saving campaign. 
Lee Gang-nyeonn +82-2-2075-4118 / +82-10-4735-7881Seoul Global Center Building, the largest single comprehensive service center for foreigners in the country, was opened in June 2013 in Jongno-gu.Standing on an 11,752 site, the 15-story building (with 4 basement floors) houses the Immigration Office (2nd and 3rd floors), the Seoul Global Center (4th ~ 6th floors), international conference center (9th floor), CITYNET (10th floor), Seoul International Arbitration Center (11th floor), and Economic and Commercial Department of the Spanish Embassy (14th floor) as well as a bank dedicated to global financing (15th floor). Seoul Metropolitan Government set up a plan for the construction of the building in 2008, commenced the work in June 2010, and completed construction by January 2013. A total of 33 billion won was invested, including the purchase of the site, using the municipal budget of Seoul Metropolitan Government. Seoul Metropolitan Government used the linkage between downtown (Jongno) and nature (Cheonggyecheon (Stream)) and coexistence of diverse cultures as design concept for the building, which acquired first-rate environment-friendly certification for its use of photovoltaic energy and rainwater recycling system. The Seoul Global Center serves as headquarters for 42 foreigner support centers in the city. Thus, the building is expected to emerge as a landmark symbolizing a global city. At present, Seoul Metropolitan Government operates 42 foreigner support centers such as Global Village Center, Migrant Workers Center, Multicultural Family Support Center, Global Culture and Tourism Center, and Global Business Center. Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to maximize the economic ripple effects of the building by attracting international organizations that will bring about great effects associated with FDI, inflow of high-income foreign consumers, and creation of good-quality jobs while cementing its status as the hub of international exchanges.
Seoul Metropolitan Government held on July 16 a session for the presentation of activities carried out for the Town Community Project and a panel discussion on the occasion of the first anniversary of the project, with over 200 people attending including Mayor Park Won-soon, experts, and ordinary people. Part 1 of the session (Talk Concert) included a talk session on seven village communities, exhibit, and performance to encourage those interested in the easy-to-participate-in, interesting activities.  Rainbow Moms, an amateur stage play team consisting of housewives in Gangbuk-gu, is a case of housewives sharing childcare experiences together by developing them into community activities. The team visits one childcare facility after another to hold a stage play (currently Grandmas Mirror) using props they made by themselves.  Changsin-dong Radio Deom: Changsin-dong is a neighborhood full of small-scale sewing factories. Deom is a village radio broadcast launched by a few villagers considering such characteristics of the village. Articulate middle-aged women are featured in the radio broadcast, entertaining villagers as they talk about common subjects. Note that these women strive for self-actualization and to do something for others, taking time out of their daily lives while most housewives engage in housework and raising children.  Town Carpenter, a village business in Seongbuk-gu, is operating a workshop to repair dilapidated houses. The activities it carries out help create jobs for senior citizens. It also operates a village caf in an effort to foster a friendly atmosphere among villagers. The chairs made by them at the event will be donated to welfare facilities.  Yechangil is a group of young people in their 20s who carry out diverse activities, such as village school, cultural performances, and village festivals, in cooperation with store owners, artists, and other villagers. At the event, the members performed a stage play designed to make many people think about the meaning of community life.  Book Reading Villagers is a village caf operated by volunteering housewives. The members also carry out diverse activities, such as village lectures and festivals. They talked about how to operate the book caf while enjoying refreshments.  Ippen Haus in Sinjeong-dong, Yangcheon-gu is a group of villagers who hold a regular meeting to discuss how to live better in the neighborhood, including disputes over noises from neighbors in apartments. Recently, they distributed PET bottle flower pots made by children to villagers, which was lauded as an activity designed to foster friendship among villagers.  Sogeumgil (Salt Way) in Yeomni-dong is a case that drastically improved the atmosphere of crime-prone back alleys through a crime prevention project. Six houses are designated as Salt Way Watchers (identified with easily noticeable yellow gates and equipped with emergency bells and Internet protocol cameras). In addition, a group of volunteers make rounds to ensure safety in the back alleys at night. In Part 2 (Citizens Panel Discussion), experts and activists discussed how to develop the ongoing Town Community Project. Seoul City started the ongoing Town Community Project in 2012 in an effort to rebuild friendship among villagers. For 2013, the city will provide 22.2 billion won for 22 related programs.
On July 16, Seoul Metropolitan Government and Seoul Tourism Organization held a briefing session in Mongolia concerning the medical tourism in Seoul as part of efforts to promote Seoul as a place of world-class medical tourism, which has emerged as an industry with high added value.Four autonomous district offices in Seoul (Jung-gu, Gangseo-gu, Seocho-gu, and Gangnam-gu) and twelve medical institutions with good competitiveness in terms of attracting foreign medical tourists participated in the PR efforts. Seoul Metropolitan Governments PR efforts are made with focus on a particular specialty associated with specific autonomous districts (i.e., traditional Korean medicine in Jung-gu, spinal column and gynecological disease in Gangseo-gu, plastic surgery and skin treatment in Seocho-gu and Gangnam-gu). 
[Medical counseling and treatment provided to foreigners]In 2012, the number of Mongolian medical tourists visiting the country stood at 8,347, a 255.6% year-on-year increase. It is the fifth largest next to Chinese, Americans, Japanese, and Russians. Many Mongolians are said to visit the country for the treatment of diseases associated with liver, kidney, and blood vessels in the brain. Recently, there has been an increase in the number of Mongolians visiting the country for health checkup or cosmetic or plastic surgery. Those dispatched by Seoul Metropolitan Government held one-on-one meetings with those from travel agencies and officials of medical institutions of Mongolia. Representatives of participating hospitals introduced their specializations along with nearby tourist destinations.
I dont know how to thank you for the photo you sent via e-mail. The photo taken in front of the statue of King Sejong is one of my nicest photos, and in a kings costume at that. Kim Byeong-hong from Toronto, CanadaThe message was sent by a Korean-Canadian to the photographer of hope in Gwanghwamun Square. Two homeless turned photographers of hope, who learned photography skills from photo artist Cho Sei-hon, started staying in Gwanghwamun 100 days ago to take pictures for visitors and print them on the spot. A total of 822 people (328 foreigners included) have had their pictures taken.Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon was their first customer. Gyeonggi Governor Kim Moon-soo and a well-known actress from Hong Kong also had their pictures taken here. About 40 people outside of Seoul heard about these photographers of hope and took the trouble to come to Seoul to be customers of these photographers of hope. Gwanghwamun Square is a major destination of foreign tourists, and these people get in line to have their pictures taken by these special photographers. Many of them want to have their photos taken in a kings costume provided by the nearby Traditional Korean Costume Corner. Mr. Ha Seong-su, one of the hope photographers, claimed he felt good taking photos for visitors to Gwanghwamun despite the very hot July weather. According to him, he shares happiness with them. He learned photography skills from photo artist Cho Sei-hon, and he thinks his skills are getting better every day.The two photographers of hope show what the homeless can do if they try and also help visitors have a good time. We hope the experience of having their photos taken by the two special photographers in Gwanghwamun will remain long in the memory of visitors, said Mr. Kim Gyeong-ho, D
Kim Seo-ul (18), a senior at Mirae High School of Science and Technology, decided to get a job instead of going to college. She learned about a Seoul Metropolitan Government-run program for training young people as leather goods professionals. She attended a special lecture and a one-day hands-on experience session. Making a leather card holder on a trial basis, she thought the work suited her well and enrolled in a job training course offered by Seoul Metropolitan Government.Seoul Metropolitan Government announced that the leather goods/fashion professional training program was started on July 10 for 30 high school seniors who volunteered.Said program was launched to help high school seniors who will not be going to college start a career as professionals. Co-launched by Seoul Metropolitan Government and Seongdong-gu Office with the participation of the Seongdong Fashion Center, the professional job program focuses on skills related to leather bags and shoes. Young volunteers will go through a three-month course (twice a week, i.e., Wednesday and Thursday/4 hours per class (2:00~6:00 PM).The training session will focus on practical skills in the production of leather goods. Experienced lecturers will give the trainees coaching on their future career.Upon completion of the training session in October, the trainees will be given an opportunity to meet recruiters from 20-plus leather goods businesses through the arrangement made by Seoul Metropolitan Government and Seongdong-gu Office. Trainees recruited at this session will be paid up to 3.3 million won per person as grant in aid, with the recruiting businesses to receive up to 8.4 million won per trainee recruited, also as grant in aid.Commenting on the program, Mr. An Jun-ho, a director general of Educational Cooperation at Seoul Metropolitan Government, said, This program aims to give job opportunities to high school seniors who will not be going to college so that they may start their future career with bright hopes.
Seoul Metropolitan Government announced that it would provide racks for 800 bikes and 22 pumps to selected schools during the summer vacation (July and August). Elementary, middle, and high schools whose number of students using bikes is larger than others will be selected. Seoul Metropolitan Government has repaired bike roads and provided bike-related facilities (e.g., bike racks) for such schools. Since 2007, a total of 223 schools have been selected. This year, 22 schools have been added to the list based on onsite surveys. Seoul Metropolitan Government will also provide bike repair service for the 223 schools. Simple parts will be replaced free of charge. For students safety, the service will focus on brake, handlebar, chain, and derailleur. Seoul Metropolitan Government will continue to expand the list of selected schools. It also plans to provide safety education for students. Our program is designed to help young people use bikes as much as possible in their daily lives. We will continue to increase the number of schools selected to receive our support, said Mr. Lee Won-mok, a Seoul Metropolitan Government official in charge of bike transportation.
Seoul Metropolitan Government is holding a green exhibit titled Save the Earth between July 8 and July 31 at the lobby of the New City Hall. Items displayed are good-quality, environment-friendly ones made by SMEs, including waterless urinals, compact diapers, and hanji (traditional Korean paper) socks. The exhibit is being held to introduce diverse green products (32 in all) and build peoples consensus on energy conservation. The event will be divided into three sectors: energy saving, everyday green goods, and green architecture. The energy saving sector will be the focus in energy-saving LED electric stands, whereas the everyday green goods sector will introduce flower wreathes made of waste paper. The green architecture zone will showcase goods associated with the bio gas-based power generation system. Visitors will be allowed to touch the displayed goods and see how they work.At the event, visitors will also be able to check detailed information on the energy saving campaign (Lets Reduce the Number of Nuclear Power Plants) promoted by Seoul Metropolitan Government, CIS (copper, indium, and selenium) thin-film producer Solar Frontier, which can produce energy even on a cloudy day, and eco-mileage system. [Displayed goods]Commenting on the event, Lee In-geun, Director of Environmental Policy Division, said, People are taking heightened interest in SME-made green products with good functions and ideas. We hope the event will help people put green life into practice daily.
Gangnam, Seoul is a town that takes pride in being the countrys center of culture, art, fashion, beauty, information technology, education, and finance. It also offers premium medical service that is on a par with others in the world. The Gangnam Style frenzy triggered by Korean pop star Psy has made people all over the world pay attention to Gangnam. Gangnam-gu, Seoul has become a favorite destination among foreign tourists, with more than 2 million visiting every year. On June 26, the Gangnam Tourist Information Center was opened next to Hyundai Department Store in Apgujeong-dong to provide more convenient, warm-hearted service to foreign tourists and respond to the global attention. No doubt, it will become a new landmark in the area. Apgujeong-dong where the center is located is a place that offers convenient transportation (subway, bus, taxi) and boasts of many top-notch shopping centers and medical facilities. Sinsa-dong Garosu-gil (a boulevard lined with gingko trees) and Cheongdam-dong Luxury Goods Stores Street, which have become foreign tourists favorite destination, are located nearby. The first bus stop for Gangnam City Tour buses is in front of the center. The place also has parking lots for tourist buses for group tourists convenience. The Hallyu (Korean Wave) Star Street being constructed in Cheongdam-dong is expected to be linked with the center to play the role of centerpiece of Hallyu tourism. The two-story Gangnam Tourist Information Center has total floor space of 820. The Medical Tourist Center and the General Tourist Center on the first floor will focus on publicizing Hallyu contents, tourism resources, and medical tourism. The Hallyu Hall on the second floor will provide information on how to have hands-on experience of Hallyu. The first floor consists of the ff.:  Tourist Information Desk (providing visitors with information in English, Chinese, and Japanese)  Medical Tourist Center  travel agencies  money exchangers  lounge, and  Service Desk (helping visitors make reservations or buy tickets or transportation card and taking care of their bags). The second floor houses the ff.:  Zone for Hands-on Experience of Digital Technology  Zone for Hands-on Experience of Hallyu Stars  Zone for Displaying Hallyu Merchandise, and  Composite Beauty Zone. Commenting on the plan for operation, Ms. Lee Su-na, chief of the center, promised that they will provide foreign visitors with an opportunity to see the features of Gangnam aside from offering useful information and services. We have prepared an array of programs for the hands-on experience of Hallyu and medical tourism focusing on beauty as well as the countrys first-rate information technology, she said. The Gangnam Tourist Center in Apgujeong-dong is the third one opened by the Seoul Tourism Organization following the two in Incheon International Airport and Myeong-dong, Seoul. The center plans to improve tourism infrastructure and develop diverse tourism contents to attract more tourists, including medical tourists, with the help of Seoul Metropolitan Government and Gangnam-gu Office. For inquiries, please call Roh Jun-shik of the Tourism Business Team (+82-2-3788-0872, junshik@seoulwelcome.com).
Seoul Metropolitan Government will push through with programs designed to have people select policies among those formulated based on city officials ideas. Such programs include: installation of a skating rink in Dream Forest operation of a clinic for the treatment of sick trees, and invigoration of traditional markets in cooperation with local cable TV. On July 5, Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold an event for the introduction of innovative ideas related to the local governments administrative services proposed by city officials at the headquarters of Woori Bank in Sogong-dong.Ideas introduced at the event are those selected from a total of 1,743 proposals made by Seoul Metropolitan Government officials between November last year and May this year. The selection was made with the help of experts focusing on creativity and practicability. The 100 member evaluators who include Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon, high-ranking officials, college students, and housewives will select the top prize winner. Seoul Metropolitan Government operates the Knowledge-Sharing System to receive city officials good policy ideas. From 260,000 received so far, 16,000 ideas have been commercialized.Commenting on the event, Mayor Park Won Soon said, We are striving to turn good ideas submitted by city officials into policies.
Seoul Metro, which operates Subway Lines 1 ~ 4, announced that it has now joined Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit (for Lines 5 ~ 8) in providing information on the ETA of the arriving trains at transit stations.Said information is marked on a total of 38 information boards in 19 transit stations for Lines 1 ~ 8. So far, the two subway corporations have operated two different systems in providing such information, thereby causing inconvenience to the people. Under the new arrangement, the two corporations will share technology and know-how to provide greater convenience to the people. Seoul Metro plans to expand the areas of mutual cooperation and share the necessary information with Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit.Commenting on the new arrangement, a Seoul Metro official said they established the new system in cooperation with Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit to provide more convenient service to the people. We will continue to improve the quality of our service, he vowed.
[Noeul Park Camp Site, Where You Can See the Most Beautiful Sunset in Seoul]The one in Noeul Park Camp Site, which was opened in May 2010, is a popular family camping site in Seoul. There, you will feel as if you are in a rural area, looking at stars in the sky and hearing the chorus sung by frogs. The place boasts of a playground filled with wooden structures, a silk farm, a firefly habitat, and an amateur golfers course. An electric mini-shuttle bus runs between the parking lot and the camping site. Reservations for August will be accepted starting 2:00 PM on July 15 on a first-come, first-served basis (+82-2-300-5571).[Car Camp Site in Jungnang Camp Forest Dubbed 5-star Camp Site]This place has become a favorite site among camping lovers. Even during winter and weekdays, 70~80% of the lots are occupied on the average. Car camping is possible in all of the 47 lots. The place is complete with nice lawn areas, wooden picnic tables, electrical outlets, spa, and shower. No wonder, campers call it a five-star camping site.Reservations for August will be accepted starting at 2:00 PM on July 15. Tents are not lent here. Campers should bring their own. (+82-2-434-4371~2).[Seoul Grand Park Camp Site with a Theme Park and a Zoo]The places provide 150 camping lots. Here, you can enjoy fresh air courtesy of the dense forest in Cheonggyesan Mountain. You need not bring special camping equipment you can have a good time in the valley. Seoul Land (a theme park) as well as a zoo and the National Museum of Contemporary Art are located nearby.All lots for weekends in August and September have been booked, but you may still get a lot for the end of August and weekdays in September (+82-2-500-7870).[Nanji Camp: The Largest Camping Site in Seoul]The Nanji Camping site in Sangam-dong offers 165 camping lots. The area can accommodate up to 2,000 people at a time. You need not make a reservation to stay in a picnic area. You can cook food and hold a barbecue party. To stay in a camping site, however, you have to make a reservation. You may use your own tent or borrow one at the site. For foreigners, Seoul Metropolitan Government receives reservations in English. All lots for weekends in August and September have been booked, but some are still available for weekdays (+82-2-304-0061~3).[Gangdong Greenway Close to Herb Park and Gildong Ecological Park]The Gangdong Greenway Family Camp Site located at the foot of Iljasan (Mountain) consists of 8 car camping lots which require bringing your own tent and 49 ordinary lots where tents are set up. During the day, you can enjoy the sight of flowers and herbs. At night, the starry sky makes for a wondrous site. Gildong Ecological Park, the first of its kind in Seoul, is located nearby. Each lot comes with free parking for one car. Reservations for August will be accepted starting at 10:00 AM on July 5 (+82-2-2045-7880).[Byeolbit Maeul in Hoengseong-gun, Gangwon-do: Opened on July 6]Seoul Metropolitan Government opened a camp site at Wolhyeon Elementary School, which was closed in 1995, in Gangrim-myeon, Hoengseong-gun, Gangwondo. The place offers 20 camping lots, 3 classrooms for club activities, a bathroom (shower), a cooking place, several parking lots, and a stall. Located two hours away from Seoul by car, the site lets you have a good time in Jucheongang (River) or while hiking in the nearby mountain.Use fee: 23,000 per 5-member family for a one-night, two-day stay mattress, blanket, fireplace, picnic tables, and places for bonfire, table tennis, foot volleyball, or workout provided for free (+82-2-2133-3923)
Seoul Metropolitan Government has launched a campaign to reduce waste generated in City Hall by up to 80% compared to last year. Effective July 1, the city will get rid of ordinary waste bins in the new City Hall and the Seosomun annex and encourage employees to take part in recycling. In an effort to enhance the level of recycling, the city will subdivide recyclable waste bins into those for paper, cans/bottles, PET bottles/plastic goods, and paper cups. Vinyl waste will also be collected as recyclable waste. To make employees take part in the campaign more positively, the 10-liter waste bags used for ordinary waste will bear the name of each department, and the amount of non-recyclable waste thrown away by each department will be disclosed regularly. Waste bags will be checked to see whether they include recyclable waste. The city will disseminate the zero waste campaign to all affiliated organizations by September. Commenting on the campaign, a Seoul Metropolitan Government official noted how people generally pay less attention to waste occurring in the office than at their homes, since all expenses are paid by someone else and there are waste handling personnel. The campaign, which was started at City Hall, is expected to spread to large buildings and schools, he said.You can take part in the conservation of nature through waste recycling. 
Seoul Metropolitan Governments debt used to be on a sharp uphill trend. Since Mr. Park Won Soons inauguration as Mayor in October 2011, however, the citys debt has started decreasing. At present, 388 public businesses affiliated with local governments have accumulated deficit amounting to 1.500 trillion won. The accumulated deficit of Seoul Metropolitan Government is pegged at 875.5 billion won, and its accumulated debt reaches 26.500 trillion won. The citys debts include the 23.600 trillion won owed by public businesses affiliated with Seoul Metropolitan Government. SH Corporation alone has debts amounting to 18.335 trillion won. In 2012, Seoul Metropolitan Government carried out due diligence of assets of SH Corporation to check the status of the project financing program recklessly implemented in the past and came up with the following: allowance for bad debts for trade receivables related to Eunpyeong Alpharos (300.2 billion won) valuation loss for marketable securities related to Dream Hub in Yongsan (49 billion won), and allowance for loss on valuation of inventories (1.011 trillion won). The debts of SH Corporation are attributable to large-scale development projects carried out in Eunpyeong, Magok, and Munjeong and increase in security deposits paid in connection with the continued supply of rental apartments for low-income households. The deficit recorded by Seoul Metropolitan Subway Corporation and Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corporation is attributable to the fare set at a lower-than-cost level (69.5% of cost) and free rides for senior citizens and handicapped (267.2 billion won in 2012 alone). The citys debts stood at 20 trillion won at the time of Mr. Park Won Soons inauguration as Mayor. Thinking that the situation would be uncontrollable if unchecked, he started striving to reduce the debts of the city. As a result, debt decreased by 1.127 trillion won to 18.861 trillion won by the end of May 2013, showing an improvement in the citys financial soundness. Seoul Metropolitan Government keeps an eye on its debts and makes multi-directional efforts to secure higher tax revenue, reduce expenditure, and push through with management innovation for its affiliated institutions. Since there are limitations to what it can do alone, Seoul Metropolitan Government asks the central government for large-scale support in conjunction with areas such as operation of free childcare facilities and free rides for senior citizens and handicapped.
Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon asked the central government to increase financial support for the citys provision of childcare service during the cabinet meeting held on June 25 in Cheong Wa Dae (Office of the President) and presided over by President Park Geun Hye.Expressing his opinion on the governments reserve fund spending plan for 2013 submitted by the Ministry of Strategy and Finance (Prime Minister Hyun Oh Seok)Mr. Mayor Park Won Soon noted that Seoul Metropolitan Government was made to bear additional burden of 616.6 billion won in 2012 and 721.4 billion won in 2013 out of the annual budget despite the decreasing tax revenue due to the economic recession. According to him, Seoul Metropolitan Government was in a difficult situation since it had to shoulder 80% (compared to 50% borne by other local governments) of childcare expenses. Regarding the central governments plan to provide financial support only for local governments that promise to draw up a supplementary budget, including bearing additional financial burden, the Seoul mayor said that it would be impossible for Seoul Metropolitan Government to make up for the shortage of childcare funds through a supplementary budget since his city expects the local tax revenue collected this year to be 250 billion less than that of last year. Thus, Mr. Park Won-soon stressed that the situation required the central governments magnanimity if Seoul Metropolitan Government were to keep providing support for households childcare.Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon drew attention to the remarks made by Ms. Park Geun Hye at a meeting of Mayors of Metropolises and Provincial Governors held on January 31 this year right before her inauguration as President, i.e., It is only right for the central government to take responsibility for programs such as childcare. According to him, the amendment of the Infant Care Act to increase the percentage of national treasury support for childcare should pass the National Assembly soon so that the relevant welfare program can proceed without difficulty. In an ensuing discussion participated in by the President, Minister Hyun Oh Seok, and Minister of the Office for Government Policy Coordination, Mr. Park Won Soon brought up former Prime Minister Kim Hwang Siks promise, i.e., the central government would help expand the childcare program without imposing additional burden on local governments. The Seoul mayor also pointed out that, in 2012, the central government paid 138.1 billion won, and that Seoul Metropolitan Government shouldered 37 billion won for childcare programs.It does not make sense to attach a condition such as asking Seoul Metropolitan Government to draw up a supplementary budget in the execution of an annual budget that passed the National Assembly. At present, Seoul Metropolitan Government is unable to draw up a supplementary budget. The practice of asking local governments to bear the financial burden of a program entrusted or initiated by the central government should be stopped once and for all, Mr. Park Won Soon stated. In response, President Park Geun-hye reportedly said that the matter should be settled smoothly in consultation with the agencies concerned.
As the first attempt of its kind in the country, Seoul Metropolitan Government launched a trial program for the reduction of nitrogen oxides emitted by vehicles using 400 LPG taxis.Under said program, the city replaced for free the three-way catalytic converters (TWC) installed in LPG taxis whose performance guarantee period has passed with new ones to maintain the function of nitrogen oxide reduction. Usually, owners scrap a taxi that has run 500,000km, which takes 4~6 years. However, since the TWC performance guarantee period ends at 192,000, the nitrogen oxides reduction function starts to deteriorate.TWC is a device that facilitates the conversion of hydrocarbon, nitrogen oxides, and carbon monoxide existing in emissions into carbon dioxide, nitrogen, and vapor (H2O) to reduce the emission of polluted gas through a self-purification system.According to Seoul Metropolitan Government, it adopted said program since no additional measure has been prepared concerning the obligatory installation of TWC on gasoline and LPG vehicles, which account for 68.7% of all vehicles in the city.Vehicles participating in said program are 400 Sonata taxis owned by 17 taxi companies whose initial date of registration falls on 2010 or 2011 and which have run more than 200,000km. The free installation of TWC was carried out in May at the business jointly selected by Seoul City and the Ministry of Environment.The Seoul Metropolitan Government will expand the scope of the program to more LPG taxis and gasoline vehicles after checking the effect of the first round of the program. It will also apply the program of installing a PM (particulate matter)-NOx reducing device in large-sized cargo trucks and buses.
The 2013 World Caricature in Seoul is being held from June 27 until July 29 under the co-sponsorship of Seoul Metropolitan Government, Ministry of Culture, Sports, and Tourism (MCST), and International Society of Caricature Artists (ISCA). Held to upgrade the urban image of Seoul and attract more tourists, the event will be accompanied by ancillary events such as convention, professional artists session, and prize-winning contest offered for amateur caricature artists. The theme for the event was 100 Koreans and Foreigners Loved by Koreans as a result of voting held in May. A total of 213 works (36 submitted by politicians, 93 by entertainers, 39 by business people, and 45 by those engaging in culture and sports) will be displayed, having been selected from among the 2,500-plus works submitted by professional caricature artists both in and out of the country. The opening ceremony for VIPs and press will be held at 5:00 PM on June 26 at the Sejong Center along with the prize-awarding ceremony. General admission will commence at 10:00 AM on June 27. Meanwhile, an ancillary event dubbed Caricature Convention will be held at the Seoul Human Resource Development Center in Yangjae-dong, Seoul between July 8 and 11 with diverse themes such as drawing a caricature within the designated time, drawing caricatures similar to the presented object, and drawing the most interesting caricature.The one hundredplus caricature artists attending the event will draw caricatures of the Hangang (River), Seoul city wall, Dongdaemun Market, Bukchon Hanok Village, Seoul Plaza, and Gwanghwamun and donate them to Seoul Metropolitan Government. The donated caricatures are expected to go a long way as publicizing materials related to the tourist destination-related storytelling program being pursued by Seoul Metropolitan Government. At another ancillary event dubbed Digital Caricature Seminar, the following world-renowned caricaturists will give lectures: Jan op De Beeck of Belgium, Tomo Tabata of Japan (on July 6), Marcus Sakoda of the United States, and Anthony Geoffroy of France (on July 13). During the event period, participating caricaturists will draw works using local residents as models at Seoul Plaza, New City Hall and Seoul Metropolitan Library on a total of ten occasions on weekends. Having world-renowned artists draw your caricature will be a lifetime opportunity. We hope it will serve as an occasion to invigorate the countrys relevant art and industry and enhance the image of Seoul as a city of digital culture, said Mr. Seo Jeong-hyeop, the Seoul Metropolitan Government officer in Director-General of Tourism Policy. Prize-winning works Works to be displayed at the World Caricatures in Seoul 2013
Seoul Metropolitan Government announced a policy for all-directional support to invigorate the small-scale photovoltaic power generation system, which is riddled with many difficulties, such as short hours, high rent, construction expense, sale of RECs, etc. Said system is a method of production and sale of power using a device usually installed on the rooftop of a building. As the core of the newly announced policy, the city will pay subsidy depending on the amount of power generated, i.e., 50 won per 1 KWh of power generated using a small-scale (50KW or less) photovoltaic power generation system and have power generation businesses, including SK, purchase Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs) from up to 100 photovoltaic power generation businesses. Said points are the most difficult problems experienced by small-scale photovoltaic power generation businesses in Seoul. Furthermore, the city will install a mini-photovoltaic power generation system in 100 households on a trial basis. The system can be easily installed at an apartment balcony and help the household save on power charge. The city will inform each building whether it can install such facility at its rooftop and provide Seoul Sunlight Map to encourage individual buildings to install the system.Concerning the lease of Seoul Metropolitan Government-owned land for photovoltaic power generation, the city decided to impose rent based on power generation capacity rather than on the official land price. For the installation of a 100KW photovoltaic power station on the rooftop of the Sejong Center and Seonam Sewage Treatment Center, for example, 120 million won and 4.5 million, respectively, used to be charged as monthly rent based on official land price under the new system, however, monthly rent of 25,000 won/KW will be charged regardless of land price.
Vinyl waste products such as coffee mix bags and cookie bags which we use in our daily lives will be used as a new energy source.  Seoul Metropolitan Government signed an MOU with POSCO Energy for the recycling of waste vinyl it will distribute the POSCO Energy made bags to be used to collect waste vinyl.At present, many households throw away waste vinyl as non-recyclable waste. Most of it is buried underground or incinerated, thereby becoming a cause of environmental pollution.We usually dispose of waste vinyl together with non-recyclable waste. And there is no strict regulation about it, said Kim Seon-mi (33), housewife in Sadang-dong, Seoul.The total volume of waste vinyl collected is expected to reach 862 tons/day in Seoul if waste film wrap is collected completely. It translates into energy-saving effect of 188,713TOE/year and energy import substitution effect worth 104.7 billion won.Your participation in the recycling of waste vinyl will help reduce environmental pollution, and you can also save money for the purchase of the bags used for the pay-per-bag trash system.
Seoul Metropolitan Government announced that Seoul City Hall, autonomous district offices, and all affiliated institutions will do their best to save electricity to address problems in power supply and avoid power blackout this summer. Under the plan, the work for photovoltaic power generation facilities will be completed earlier. The pumping of water into the Cheongyecheon and Jungnangcheon streams will be reduced drastically during peak hours. Subway train operation will also be reduced by 12.5% except during the rush hours. Starting July 1, a business found to have its main doors opened when the air-conditioner is on will be slapped with a fine of up to 3 million won. Officials of Seoul Meropolitan Government as well as the relevant district office will focus their check on businesses in eight areas, including Myeong-dong, Gangnam-daero, Sinchon, and Hongik Univ. Station.On June 10, Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the Comprehensive Measure for Energy Saving in Summer 2013 in an effort to address the problems in power supply this year, including the following: 15% energy saving in the public sector imposing fines on businesses not complying with the lower limit of indoor temperature (26) or doing business with doors ajar when the air-conditioner is on, and asking for the private sectors positive cooperation. Tips on Saving Electricity in Summer Must-do methods
 The Hi Seoul Youth Hostel and young local volunteers are providing the YOUTH GOODWILL GUIDE service to foreign tourists visiting Seoul to establish international network of exchanges between young people and develop tourist courses in Seoul. The guides working in teams (two as a team in most cases) do not ask for any payment. They can help tourists visit every nook and corner attracting their attention in Seoul.  Tourists may start receiving the service on the requested date after the submittal of a simple application form provided by the Hi Seoul Youth Hostel. The tourists may set a tour course in advance in consultation with the guides. This will be a good opportunity for them to make Korean friends.Program summary How to apply for the service Others
Seoul Hangang project Headquarters will lease campsites in Hangang parks in Yeouido (300 spaces) and Ttukseom (100 spaces) for a month beginning July 20.Reservations will be received via the homepage (hangangcamping.co.kr) on a first-come-first-served basis between 10:00 AM and 8:00 PM on June 17. The fee for using a City-provided tent is 20,000 won per night.Said places are located higher than the other riverside parks. Thus, their chances of being flooded are much lower. They provide beautiful scenery and offer many things to enjoy. Campground users are not allowed to bring their private cars.
Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the Seoul Transportation Vision 2030, a long-term vision for the overall transportation sector, including public transportation, roads, pedestrian paths, and urban railroad network. Under said vision, Seoul will transform into a city where people feel comfortable without their private cars. Pedestrian paths will be expanded to twice the current level. People will be able to use municipality-run bikes everywhere. The concept of complete streets* will be adopted. (* Complete streets mean streets that can be used safely by users of all types of transportation, such as bikers, public transportation users, and private vehicle drivers. The concept regards existing vehicle-centered roads as incomplete streets. The concept has been adopted in Europe and 46 states of the United States.)Whereas Seoul Metropolitan Governments past transportation policy focused on vehicles, ownership, and growth, the new vision stresses people, sharing, and environment with a view to finding solutions to the current problems. The new vision intends to reflect social and cultural changes, including aging population, heightened interest in the quality of life, development of technologies, climate changes, energy depletion, etc.To embody the goal of human-centered transportation, Seoul Metropolitan Government will focus on the formation of a neighborhood environment that prioritizes pedestrians and bikes this will go a long way in drastically reducing the number of traffic accidents.First of all, the pedestrian paths will be enlarged to twice the current level (10,130,000). Sejong-ro will be transformed into a pedestrian space. These are part of the plan to form a pedestrian-first transportation environment. Seoul Metropolitan Government will adopt a Seoul version of Velib (a large-scale public bicycle sharing system in Paris). The bike road network, established mainly along Hangang (River) and streams flowing into the river, will expand to neighborhoods and led to the public transportation network.Seoul Metropolitan Government will set the speed limit of vehicles in all neighborhoods to 30km/h considering the fact that about 70% of all accidents involving pedestrians occur on neighborhood roads whose width is less than 13m.Seoul Metropolitan Government will also adopt the following measures: All intra-city buses replaced with low-platform buses for senior citizens and wheelchairs (at present, a total of 2,022 buses (27%) have low platforms).Expansion of the urban railroad network with the aim of having subway stations located only ten minutes away from anywhere on foot. A rapid, convenient public transportation service, including bus-only lanes in the middle of the road provision of diverse types of services to meet specific needs.Invigoration of the concept of complete streets where pedestrians, bikes, and vehicles are all safe invigoration of a car pool system.Lowering the rate of private cars share of transportation requirement from 18.4% to 10% all public transportation replaced with those emitting no pollutants (current percentage: 0.2%) percentage of congested sections lowered from 19% to 10%.Adoption of congestion charge system for all vehicles. Using roads as spaces for energy production and purifying pollutants. Dissemination of environment-friendly vehicles.People-led public transportation environment, with people invited to take part in the formulation of transportation policies. Seoul Metropolitan Government will push through with the Seoul Transportation Vision 2030 for the following effects: reduction of vehicle use by 30%, reduction of public transportation-based commuting time by 30%, and expansion of use of green modes of transportation by 30%.Seoul Metropolitan Government expects the share of green modes of transportation (i.e., walking, biking, use of public transportation) to increase from the current 70% to 80% and the per-capita greenhouse gas emission to decrease from the current 1.2 tons to 0.8 tons a year by 2030.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government confers honorary citizenship upon international residents in Seoul in recognition of their contributions to the city and the local community, including being a role model to Seoul citizens as well as other foreign residents. 
1. Qualification for Honorary Citizenship of Seoul 1) Current foreign residents who have resided in Seoul for more than three consecutive years and current or former foreign residents who have or had resided in Seoul for five cumulative years, having contributed to:  2) Important guests to Seoul or international residents in Seoul who are deemed as appropriate to receive the Seoul Honorary Citizenship. 2. Nominators1) Heads of public organizations (Heads of national organizations and local governments, or those of corporations and public organizations whose purpose of existence was authorized by the heads of national organizations and local governments), 
 Not only submission of a hard copy (original copy) of recommendation form via postal or in person, but also submission of soft copy (digital files) via e-mail is required to be made no later than July 4, 2013. 5. Selection process  1) The Seoul Metropolitan Government checks with the Immigration Bureau the alien registration and No., address, occupation, duration of residence in Seoul and National Police Agency criminal record of nominees. (Please find out the attached Immigration and Criminal Records Check Agreement Form.)
 2) The nomination is brought to the Selection Committee for the Honorary Citizenship of Seoul and Seoul Metropolitan Council for deliberation. Approximately 10 nominees will be approved as Honorary Citizens of Seoul. 
 If more information about nominees is needed, the Committee will contact nominators to request additional information or confirm facts. 6. Benefits for Honorary Citizens 1) Conferred the medal, certificate and card of Honorary Citizenship of Seoul.
Seoul Metropolitan Government launched [Seoul & You Networking of Creative (SYNC)], the first of its kind in the country established in KakaoAgit, on June 1. With its launch, a group of 300 young people engaging in creative work such as copywriters, graphic designers, commercial film directors, ad planners, and college students will be able to make proposals to Seoul Metropolitan Government through mobile devices. It will be a brainstorming-style operation. These people will express their ideas in mobile application KakaoAgit, and others may add their more constructive or feasible opinions to it. Anyone can express his/her opinions freely on matters such as child care for working parents or manhole cover with esthetic designs. The members of SYNC were selected from among personnel in the ad industry and academic circles and students majoring in advertising beginning last February through notices on the Internet and recommendations. The selected members will carry out activities for a year. They are required to submit policy proposals twice a month and take part in public-good campaign using subway, buses, or electronic bulletin board once a year.Working-level policy supervisors will give feedback in response to the ideas proposed on KakaoAgit. Good proposals will be adopted as a policy. The member who proposes an idea will serve as the anchor and submit to Seoul Metropolitan Government the result of development based on his/her idea and opinions expressed concerning such. Seoul Metropolitan Government will then discuss it with the participation of the idea anchor for the embodiment of good ideas.
 Based in Munich, Germany, Siemens AG is ranked 47th among Fortune Global 500 2012 with staff of 370,000 in more than 190 countries across the globe and annual turnover of 78.3 billion (KRW 11.7 trillion). Its energy unit, Siemens Energy Solutions, has chosen Seoul as the location of its Asia regional headquarters. The Seoul Metropolitan Government and Siemens AG will sign on Monday, May 27 (10:00 am), a memorandum of understanding on Foreign Investment for the Establishment of Siemens Energy Solutions Asia Regional H/Q in Seoul at the Press Conference Hall of the Seoul Metropolitan Government (8th floor of City Hall). The MOU signing ceremony will be attended by eight people including Mayor Park Won Soon, Choi Dong Yun, Deputy Mayor for Economic Planning, Kim Jong Kap, chairman and CEO of Siemens Ltd., Seoul, and Jeong Myeong Cheol, vice president of Siemens Ltd., Seoul. To Open Doors in October 2013 with 500 Local Staff  Set to open its doors in October 2013, Siemens Energy Solutions Asia H/Q will play a significant role in boosting the local economy. The headquarters is planning to hire a total of 500 staff in Korea by 2017. Its operation in Seoul will contribute considerably to the development of Koreas energy industry. Korea to Benefit from the Worlds Top-notch Power Plant Design & Operation Technologies 
Siemens Energy Solutions will dispatch engineers of high caliber to Seoul for the control of its pan-Asia operations. They will transfer their world-class technologies to Korean technical staff in the area of eco-friendly power plant design and operation. Seoul Emerging as the Hub of Multinational Companies Asia-Pacific Operations Siemens Energy Solutions Asia H/Q will cover a vast geographical area. It will be in charge of all of its operations not just in Northeast Asia and Southeast Asia but also in Southwest Asia and Middle East. In addition to all businesses related to the provision of energy solutions to the region, the Asia H/Q plans to carry out a considerable part of the companys R&D activities as well.Siemens Energy Solutions is the global leader matched only by General Electric in the areas of design, manufacture, and operation of various cutting-edge gas and steam turbines.The companys choice of Seoul as Asia headquarters has proven to the world that Seoul is business-friendly. Furthermore, it strongly backs up the assertion of the metropolis that Seoul is the best location for multinational companies Asia headquarters.The establishment of Siemens Energy Solutions Asia headquarters in Seoul will provide a momentum for more active investments in Seoul by multinational corporations. Seoul Metropolitan Government will extend its fullest support to Siemens Energy Solutions Asia H/Q so that it can settle as early as possible and operate its business very successfully as a model for the regional headquarters of many other multinational corporations, said Mayor Park Won Soon.
Visits to Korea by Japanese tourists have been discouraged due to the strong yen and tensions in Northeast Asia including those between the two Koreas. To encourage them to travel to Korea, the Seoul Metropolitan Government and Seoul Tourism Organization are sending their representatives along with ten other personnel from the local tourism industry to Osaka, Japan on Thursday, May 30. They will be holding a briefing session on tourism in Seoul for a total of 90 travel planners in Japanese travel agencies. The briefing session in Osaka will be the first in three years. Given the characteristics of Japanese tourists who tend to visit Korea more than once, the session will focus on new tourism resources of Seoul along with the governments travel agency support programs. In addition, the following five tourism-related institutions in Seoul will take part in the Travel Mart of the session: Jeongdong Theater (Miso), PMC (Nanta), Samsung dlight (Samsung Corporate PR Hall), Lotte World, and K-shuttle travel agency (US Travel). The presentation on the tourism resources of Seoul will introduce not just Japanese tourists favorite shopping destinations in Seoul and Hallyu (Korean Wave) tourism spots but also diverse walking tours as well as the recently rebuilt National Treasure No. 1, Sungnyemun Gate, among others. The presentation will also deal with Seoul Metropolitan Governments new tourism policies summed up by three keywords: Satisfaction Seoul, Vitality Seoul, and Charm Seoul. Full of historical stories over a millennium, the capital of Korea is expected to appeal strongly to overseas travel experts in Japan. Since it is the first meeting between the travel industries in Seoul and Kansai since 2010, there will be lot of things to be discussed between the two sides including Japans latest overseas tourism trends and Japanese tourists preferred Seoul tour program composition. The two sides are expected to obtain positive results through active business negotiations.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (City Transportation Headquarters) is enhancing the information desk services for International Taxis at Gimpo and Incheon Airports in accordance with its recent service improvement plan. International Taxis are for foreign tourists visiting Korea. Previously, international taxi information desks at the airports only provided the service of calling taxis for taxi riders. Now, the desks will be staffed with more people to offer customers information on tourism and all types of transportation in addition to the international taxi paging services.  International Taxi information desks are located at Gate B (Desk 23) and Gate D (Desk 46) at Incheon International Airport and between Gate 1 and Gate 2 of the International Terminal at Gimpo Airport. Another change is that the existing call center for International Taxis will be integrated into the general information desk services at the two airports as of Monday, July 1, 2013. Accordingly, the phone number for international taxis (1644-2255) will be out of service starting that day. Foreigners who would like to call for a taxi ride can call the existing call centers for Brand Call Taxis instead. The centers will soon be staffed with people proficient in foreign languages. Those who want to request taxi service in a foreign language can call the KTO (Korea Tourism Organization) Interpretation Service (82-2-1330). Through a public bid, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is going to select a business that can provide professional airport information desk services at the airports. The bid deadline is Wednesday, May 29. Following reviews of the bids on May 31 (Friday), the final results will be announced on Friday, June 10, 2013, according to City Hall. The number of staff at information desks (two desks at Incheon and one desk at Gimpo) will increase from 8 to 11. The information desks at Incheon will be open 24 hours a day for passengers who arrive in Incheon late at night. Currently, the desks are in service only from 07:00 to 22:30. The information desk at Gimpo, which currently operates from 10:00 to 21:00, will be open from 10:00 until 24:00. Three ways to Call International Taxis
Seoul Metropolitan Government announced on May 22 a plan for the improvement of the garbage recycling system for private houses and small-sized apartment complexes and cooperation with large-sized distribution centers and schools concerning garbage collection. It includes a plan to raise the percentage of recycling of waste resources from the current 45.9% to 66% by 2030.  Neighborhood places for collection of recycling garbageThe number of senior citizens collecting waste paper and boxes to earn money stands at 13,000 in Seoul. Collecting recycling waste using a hand cart is dangerous and difficult be it in back alleys or thoroughfares, yet they earn only 400,000 won a month in return for eight-hour labor a day. For these senior citizens, Seoul Metropolitan Government will start operating neighborhood places for the collection of recycling garbage. Under the plan, garbage collection places will be operated at a preset hour such as public parking lots, vacant lots, or playgrounds so that local residents may dispose of recyclable garbage. Senior citizens will be asked to carry the collected garbage to a designated place and will be paid for such work. The new system will save senior citizens the trouble of moving heavy hand carts piled with paper boxes in dangerous streets. Seoul Metropolitan Government will find and designate appropriate places as neighborhood places for the collection of recycling garbage during the six-month trial period (June ~ December 2013) in each autonomous district. Seongbuk-Gu already started the scheme in May, and Guro-gu will start it in June. Operation of system of paying for recycling garbage  With regard to the aforesaid system of designating neighborhood places for the collection of recycling garbage, Seoul Metropolitan Government will help establish cooperatives for senior citizens engaging in such activities and pay for recycling garbage collected by them. Under the new system, senior citizens are guaranteed to receive a given level of compensation even if the market price for such recycling garbage (e.g., vinyl, glass bottles, and styrofoam) drops drastically. Plans to reduce waste occurring in public institutions, large-sized distribution centers, and schools Seoul Metropolitan Government will strive to reduce the use of the plastic trash bags currently used under the pay-per-bag trash system by more than half. It will also make the marking of the name of the disposer on the surface of the plastic trash bag mandatory to reinforce accountability. Seoul Metropolitan Government will sign MOUs with large-sized distribution centers such as Lotte Mart, Home Plus, Lotte Department Store, and Hanaro Mart for close cooperation on matters related to trash. Commercial establishments complying with Seoul Metropolitan Governments efforts to reduce trash will be given the certification mark as those disposing of no waste, including diverse incentives. Exemplary schools in resource recycling will be designated in conjunction with the need to separate recyclables from ordinary household trash. Programs for environmental education including trash recycling and hands-on experience will also be operated. Seoul Metropolitan Government to distribute 20 waste vinyl bags for free to households  For waste vinyl, which accounts for 25% of trash disposed of in the plastic trash bags currently used under the pay-per-bag trash system, Seoul Metropolitan Government will distribute 20-liter plastic bags for such specific trash for free to private houses and small-sized apartment complexes under the sponsorship of POSCO ENERGY. Waste vinyl is recyclable, but many households dispose of it in ordinary trash bags because they are not aware of such fact. Recycling paper packs to be paid for used batteries to be collected at schools Seoul Metropolitan Government will adopt a measure for encouraging the more positive collection of paper packs and used batteries. As part of such measure, waste paper packs will be paid for with toilet papers or plastic trash bags at dong offices. The new system will be adopted in all autonomous districts starting in 2014 after a trial operation in some districts this year. Students will be encouraged to bring used batteries left at their homes to school, with Seoul Metropolitan Government collecting them on a monthly basis in cooperation with the Seoul Resource Center and the Korea Battery Recycling Association. Used large-sized household appliances to be collected for freeSeoul Metropolitan Government will operate the system of collecting used large-sized household appliances free more positively as the local government that adopted the system ahead of others, based on the commitment to being the worlds top city even in said sector. Seoul Metropolitan Government will also establish the Seoul Resource Center dedicated to the recycling of small-sized household appliances. Under an agreement signed with 18,000 households in seven apartment complexes, Seoul Metropolitan Government is implementing a program to pay for the collected waste large-sized household appliances. It is also operating a program for the collection of used cell phones using collection boxes in subway stations, schools, religious facilities, and post offices. 
Following the successful inaugural urban agriculture expo in 2012, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is holding the 2nd Seoul Urban Agriculture expo for four days from Thursday, May 30 to Sunday, June 2 in a number of locations including Seoul Plaza in Central Seoul, Nodeul Vegetable Garden in Yongsan-gu, Hannae Vegetable Garden in Geumcheon-gu, and Community Vegetable Garden in Gangdong-gu. The UA (urban agriculture) Expo is aimed at expanding UA through exchanges of information and hands-on demonstrations and upgrading UA as an industry in its own right. It perfectly matches the current municipal administrations policy direction of making Seoul a sustainable city through efforts toward coexistence with nature and recovery of community spirit. According to an official in charge of the expo, the city expects the expo to provide a momentum for the qualitative growth of UA in Seoul as a means of sustainable, eco-friendly agriculture for the citys ten million inhabitants in line with the significant quantitative growth of UA in the metropolis. Since the citys launch of UA in Seoul in 2012, the number of urban vegetable gardens in Seoul has increased from 100 to more than 1,600. Moreover, the city of Seoul has planted rice paddies in Gwanghwamun Square in Central Seoul and raised honeybees on City Halls rooftop gardens these were proven to have improved air quality in the city. The citizens are implementing UA in various forms in a number of places such as empty lots, rooftops, and verandas. The community spirit has returned. Seoul is coming back to life in so many places, Mayor Park Won Soon noted at the opening ceremony of the expo.Under the theme of 1,000-urban-vegetable-garden festival presented by ten million urban farmers, the 2013 UA Expo features various programs such as running the UA Exhibition & Experience Hall, holding the International UA Academic Conference, Tours of UA sites across the City, and Hands-on UA Experiences. The UA Exhibition & Experience Hall will be set up in Seoul Plaza. Citizens will be able to learn about the seven major concepts of UA there as well as in a number of vegetables gardens created in the plaza. Ten civic groups such as Seoul UA Network, Soil Revival Lab, and Eco21 will run the Natural Circulation UA Hall under the theme Circulation and Revival. The hall will offer diverse programs such as making gutters with mineral water containers, making houses for grasshoppers, preventing blight, growing vegetables in pots, education on the importance of indigenous agricultural products, and enjoying UA with the five senses.  A 7m x 10m paddy field will be created at the center of Seoul Plaza so that citizens will be able to experience transplanting rice seedlings, a key step in rice farming. Professional farmers will help citizens to experience pesticide-free rice farming in an eco-friendly rice paddy with ducks and mudfish. Starting from 11 am (2 pm on May 30th due to the opening ceremony), the city government will offer organic fertilizer and seedlings of lettuce, chicory, and Chinese cabbage to a total of 2,000 people free of charge each day on a first-come-first-served basis. On the last day, June 2, March@Seoul Plaza will open its doors in Seoul Plaza at 11:00 am. Citizens will be able to enjoy the UA products harvested by UA farmers and dishes prepared by professional chefs using UA products At 2 pm on Friday, May 31, the UA Symposium will be held at the conference hall on the 3rd floor of City Hall. TED-style presentations will be given by speakers from Japan, Taiwan, and Korea regarding the present and future of UA in their respective countries. Unlike the inaugural UA expo in 2012, the Seoul UA Expo 2013 can be enjoyed throughout the city since events will take place concurrently in many places throughout the city. For this, the city government runs the UA Tour Bus during the expo period. The free bus will stop at UA vegetable gardens such as Mullae, Hongdae Dari, Hapjeong Daeryuk, Sangam Dure, and Seoul Art Space_Seongbuk. For details, please visit the website (www.agro-cityseoul.kr). For group visits, please visit the website or call the secretariat (tel. +82-2-70-4423-7143).  The UA Expo 2013 is an exciting festival not for urban farmers but also for all citizens of the city. Citizens participation is the key to making Seoul a city of vegetable gardens, a city of citizens communities, and a city full of life, said Mayor Park Won Soon.Overview of Seoul UA Expo 2013 
Art market aligned to the levels of understanding of ordinary people The Sejong Center for Performing Arts holds the Sejong Art Market SoSo in the Garden of Art at the rear side of the Center from noon to 6:00 PM every first and third Saturdays of the month between May and October this year.The market displays and sells artworks that do not attract much attention at galleries but are still worthwhile, such as publications, drawings, illustrations, design props, photos, or art archive. In Korean, SoSo means small, everyday things or peripatetic, depending on a specific context. Thus, the name Sejong Art Market SoSo was attached to refer to a market  for small artworks,  for encounter between everyday life and art, and  where people can enjoy looking at the displayed artworks while going around leisurely in an open space.At the first session of the market, which was held on May 4, a total of 75 teams participated, displaying and selling publications, design props, pop artworks, illustrations, and handicrafts to about 3,000 visitors. The place became a venue for exchanging views regarding the creation of artworks. A market where small, creative artworks are more beautiful
Sejong Art Market SoSo displays and sells artworks that do not attract much attention at galleries but are still worthwhile, such as publications, drawings, illustrations, design props, photos, or art archive. Nowadays, printing media are eclipsed by digital media including SNS in this market, however, printed matters attract attention as small creative artworks. A market where ordinary people can take part as amateur artists
Sejong Art Market SoSo holds various programs such as workshops and radio broadcast in an effort to promote art to the general public. At a corner of the market, an Indie band gives live performances, and a DJ plays CDs at the request of visitors. 
On May 9, the Aspiring Young Entrepreneurs Store No. 2 was opened in Myeong-dong, one of the busiest shopping districts in Seoul. Receiving support from Seoul Metropolitan Government and Small and Medium Business Administration (SMBA), the store sells a wide range of goods made by young people who have opened a small business with the support of the Seoul Youth Business Incubation Center. Opened in Sinchon in 2011, the No. 1 store has been visited by about 560,000 customers so far. Customers have purchased goods worth more than 800 million won in accumulated total.The three hundred-plus kinds of goods (i.e., fashion items such as T-shirts, bags, hair accessories, idea goods, and environment-friendly goods) sold at the Aspiring Young Entrepreneurs Store No. 2 are those developed and produced by 60 businesses taking part in the Youth Startup 1000 Project, which has been promoted by Seoul City since 2009 to help those in their 20s or 30s start a small business.The goods carry young peoples earnestness and fresh sense. Some of the eye-catching items include snap-off electrical outlet devised by a young man in his 30s to help his old mother-in-law, who has a hard time pulling the plug from a multi-tap electrical outlet due to her arthritic fingers (manufacturer: Taeju Industry Inc.) handmade hair accessories without using adhesive bond by a woman who used to suffer from hair loss after childbirth (manufacturer: Venus Point), and Kenyan-designed collage picture frames made of banana leaves and stems (manufacturer: KL Company). The Aspiring Young Entrepreneur also provides assistance to participating businesses in PR and marketing, holds periodic product evaluation sessions, and helps them with inventory management. Seoul Metropolitan Government expects these stores to help startups run by young people sell their goods more briskly and find opportunities to export by taking advantage of Myeong-dong as a favorite destination among foreign tourists.Major products sold at Aspiring Young Entrepreneurs Store No. 2  
The world wide phenomenon, PSY, and a flash mob of 1000 will people dance away in Indonesia to create more unity between our two countries. Soon, harmony Festival featuring with PSY and Indonesian artists in support of Korea  Indonesia Friendship Year 2013 will take place in Jakarta. Indonesias top VIPs will introduce their culture and hold events for all to see.This event has been made possible by S27 and V Entertainment & Sports Ventures LTD. Through this event, PSY and Indonesian fans can meet and create a better understanding between our two countries.The event is supported by the Seoul Metropolitan Government to promote cultural exchanges between the two countries. This event is hoped to contribute to the development of relations between the two countries.Event Date: July 6, 2013
floor of the Seoul City Hall. The Debt Status Board hung on the wall of the lobby shows how much is the Seoul Metropolitan Governments debt being reduced on a monthly basis. Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon took care of business in the Onsite Mayors Office for two days on May 13 and 14.
The issues mainly addressed at the Onsite Mayors Office were budget saving on the first day, investment attraction with focus on invigoration of investments in Magok, Seoul through improvements in regulations and systems and with emphasis on a two-track strategy, i.e., spending less and earning more. The 7th operation of the Onsite Mayors Office concentrated on the onsite check of financial soundness. [First day] May 13  [Second day] May 14  Most of the schedule of activities carried out at the Onsite Mayors Office is relayed live at Live Seoul (http://tv.seoul.go.kr) and through mobile app (Live Seoul in Android Market).Seoul Metropolitan Government is operating the Onsite Mayors Office Homepage (http://www.seoul.go.kr/runn4ingmayor/), where people can submit opinions and check the status of pending issues that interest them.
Seoul Metropolitan Government disclosed that it will replace all lighting fixtures in the 243 subway stations in the city with 650,000 LED ones, which have higher energy efficiency, with financial support from  Korea Finance Corporation (KoFC). On April 23, Vice-Mayor  for Administrative Affairs of Seoul and President & CEO of KoFC signed an agreement to cooperate with each other on the replacement of all lighting fixtures in the 243 subway stations in Seoul with LED ones.Under the agreement, KoFC will provide a total of 43.7 billion won for the replacement of lightings. KoFC will establish a corporation exclusively in charge of the program and operation and maintenance of the replaced lighting fixtures.The program is expected to enable Seoul Metro to reduce the use of power by about 57GWh (5%) or 6.6 billion won per year.
Seoul Metropolitan Government opened on April 22, the Energy Saving Information Center at the Seoul City Hall Seosomun Annex. The Center will help people understand better the purpose of the ongoing energy saving campaign (Lets Reduce the Number of Nuclear Power Plants), listen to peoples opinions, and provide support to those who are interested. The Center will come up with ideas concerning how to collaborate with Seoul residents in energy saving. We welcome the visit of anyone with good ideas and who may need our help, said leader of the Energy Saving Campaign Team of Seoul Metropolitan Government.
Seoul Metropolitan Government carried out energy use diagnosis targeting 106 schools in the city between November 2012 and January 2013, checked the loss factors, and informed the schools of ways of saving energy.According to the diagnosis, the schools energy use consisted of power (74%) (for lighting, heating, and air conditioning) and heat (26%) (for the supply of hot water and cooking at the cafeteria).Seoul Metropolitan Government selected a school (Daedo Elementary School) whose energy facilities are dilapidated and carried out the installation of heat-insulated windows so that students can study in classrooms with a comfortable atmosphere all year round.The work was part of the energy saving campaign (Lets Reduce the Number of Nuclear Power Plants) initiated by Seoul Metropolitan Government and nationwide efforts for the reduction of greenhouse gases.Seoul Metropolitan Government is making efforts to install photovoltaic power generation facilities on the rooftop of school buildings in consultation with the Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education, offering to provide free energy use diagnosis and financial support for schools adopting such system.
On March 29, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon and the Archdiocese of Seoul signed an agreement for energy saving and production. Under the agreement, 225 cathedrals in Seoul including Myeongdong Catholic Cathedral and their related 250 welfare facilities will take part in the campaign to reduce energy use by up to 10% by 2014. Seoul Metropolitan Government will introduce to the general public exemplary cases of the cathedrals energy saving efforts as part of the nationwide energy saving campaign.Previously, Seoul Metropolitan government made similar agreements with the National Council of Churches in Korea (KNCC) and the Council of Presbyterian Churches in Korea.
Seoul Metropolitan Government is receiving applications (up to 5,000 people) on a first-come-first-served basis for the 2013 Hi Seoul Bicycle Parade scheduled for June 16. The 21km event will start at Gwanghwamun Square, pass through Seoul Station, Northern end of Hangangdaegyo (Bridge), and end in Peace Plaza at World Cup Park. This year marks the 5th year of the annual event. The cyclists will bike along Gangbyeonbuk-ro through the span between Northern end of Hangangdaegyo (Bridge) and Seongsandaegyo (Bridge) (there are five more bridges between the two) without crossing the bridges. Riding a bike along the Hangang (River) with many other companions, while enjoying the early summer breeze, will surely be a pleasant experience.Prior to the commencement of the event, bike repair service will be provided, and coaches will show you how to prepare your body before a long bike ride. The following special events will be held at the destination: bike accessory exhibit, display of bike stunts, performances by invited pop singers and songstresses, and lottery draw. 
-Part of 13 such communities to be formed in Seoul A multi-culture village community will be formed in Yeongdeungpo-gu as part of Seoul Metropolitan Governments plan for the formation of 13 such communities in Seoul, such as one in Daerim 2-dong where abo
Seoul Metropolitan Government said on May 6 that it would push through with a project for the invigoration of multi-culture village communities as part of efforts to maintain friendly relations between locals and migrants.
As of 2012, about 400,000 migrants or 4% of the total number of people in Seoul live in Daerim-dong, Garibong-dong, and Gwanghui-dong. Their number has been on the rise for the past three years. At the current rate, the number will increase to 10% of the Seoul population by 2030. Some areas in Seoul have become a favorite destination among visitors due to the high concentration of migrants. In contrast, some areas have problems due to conflict between the locals and migrants. Seoul Metropolitan Governments plan for multi-culture village communities is part of efforts to solve the problems. In 2013, Daerim 2-dong will be set as a test site for such plan and, if the result is positive, the sites will be expanded in the course of improvements. Seoul Metropolitan Government is looking for places suitable for the installation for migrant people of sarangbang (lounge) that is easily accessible to both locals and migrants. As for the other multi-culture village communities, a group of three people or more residing in nearby places may apply for participation. Those interested in the program for the invigoration of multi-culture village communities which is designed to address conflict and build friendly relations between locals and migrants may apply for Seoul Metropolitan Governments support. The recommended activities include: PR and campaign activities aimed at easing conflict between locals and migrants  meetings intended to build friendly relations between locals and migrants activities that may contribute to the development of local areas  cultural exchanges or village festivities designed to improve conditions caused by prejudices between locals and migrants  activities aimed at providing information and support for those trying to settle in the local community, and  activities designed to find solutions to problems plaguing both locals and migrants. Those excluded from Seoul Metropolitan Governments support are programs already receiving support from government institutions or programs designed for specific political parties or candidates or propagation of a specific religion.
Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide activity support subsidy of up to 5 million won and experts consultation to the 12 communities that are finally selected through on-site surveys and inspections. Those interested should submit an application to the Seoul Village Community Support Center through its Homepage (www.seoulmaeul.org) no later than 6:00 PM on May 14.
For more details of the program, contact the Seoul Village Community Support Center by phone (+82-2-385-2642) or online. Employees of the Center will visit them in person to provide explanation within three days.
The Lotus Lantern Festival will be held in many places for three days between May 10 and May 12 in celebration of Buddhas birthday (May 17).This folk festival is a tradition started in the Goryeo Period (877 ~ 1394) and the Joseon Period (1392~1910) with a view to enlightening the darkness of mind, building a society filled with wisdom and benevolence, and praying for wishes to be fulfilled. Streets will be decorated with brightly lit lotus lanterns, and paraders will carry large-sized lanterns shaped like elephant, dragon, and tiger. Peoples Cultural FestivalPeople, including foreigners, are invited to take part in the merrymaking event, carrying large-sized lanterns shaped like baby monks or Buddha.Lanterns with Diverse ShapesParticipants will carry lanterns they made themselves out of a wish to enlighten their minds as well as those of their neighbors in an effort to maintain the countrys long-kept tradition.Merry-making EventFrom Jogyesa Temple up to Ujeongguk-ro featuring 100-plus booths, the Lotus Lantern Festival is another merry-making event loved by the people as much as the Lotus Lantern Parade.  festival venues (Source: Seoul Metropolitan Government Flickr: www.flickr.com/photos/seoulkorea)
Escorts will be recruited by each district office. Local residents who are well versed in the local geography and with a sense of mission may apply. A woman returning home late at night (between 10:00 PM and 1:00 AM) and calling the service center ten minutes before her arrival at the subway station or bus stop will be escorted home safely by a team of escorts consisting of male and a female on foot or on a vehicle. The scouts will also be assigned the duty of making the rounds in areas in the neighborhood with focus on back alleys where sexual assault is feared.  The escorts will be employed for seven months (i.e., May ~ November this year). They should work for three hours a day (from 10:00 PM to 1:00 AM) and will get paid about 620,000 won (inclusive of late-night allowance as well as the amount that they should pay for the four major insurance policies). Residents of Seoul at least 18 years of age are eligible to apply. Those with qualification for women protection or martial art skills and drivers license are preferred.
To apply, please visit the Seoul Metropolitan Government homepage and click  Municipal Information  Recruitment  Hiring escorts to get women home safely . Download and fill out the application form and submit to the local district office.Please click: http://tinyurl.com/cytlglr. In response to local residents immense interest, said program will be operated on a larger scale than originally planned. To begin with, 40 escorts will be hired in each of the 15 target districts, including Jongro-gu, Jung-gu, Seongdong-gu, Gwangjin-gu, Seodaemun-gu, and Mapo-gu. The number of target districts will be increased after a seven-month trial operation.
Seoul Metropolitan Government has provided energy consulting service since 2011. Energy consultants dispatched by Seoul Metropolitan Government visit individual households to check the status of energy use and explain how to save energy, i.e., water, gas, and electricity. Want them to visit your house? Just call the Green Environment Department of the local district office and set a visit schedule. One more thing, find the most recent apartment management expense invoice issued for your house and show it to the consultant. Please sign up for Eco-Mileage (http://ecomileage.seou.go.kr) and use the Eco-Mileage Card. It helps you save on energy and administrative expenses at your homes. It is also an opportunity to take part in the campaign to protect the environment, including the reduction of carbon emissions. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has arranged an office for venture businesses at the Seoul Global Center, and it is seeking applicants for the space. A total of six venture businesses set up and run by foreign residents in Seoul will share an office measuring 37  (about 11 pyeong in the traditional Korean unit of measurement). The businesses will be eligible for one-on-one business coaching with experts deployed at the center as well as business setup education and seminars. Businesses will share the office for up to eight months (May ~ December 2013), paying neither rent nor maintenance costs. They will be provided basic office equipment such as computers, telephones, and facsimile machines. Applicants must be duly registered alien residents with valid visas and who set up their businesses less than a year ago or who would like to set up their businesses before the end of the contract period (May ~ December 2013).
The Gangnam and Yeouido Global Business Centers accommodate eight venture businesses. With the addition of six businesses at the Seoul Global Center, a total of 14 venture businesses run by foreign residents in Seoul will receive support from the city government. The deadline for application for venture business office at the Seoul Global Center is Friday, May 3, 2013. Following document reviews and interviews, the final results will be announced on Wednesday, May 15, 2013. For inquiries, log on to the website (http://global.seoul.go.kr) or call +82-2-2075-4140 of the Seoul Global Center. Meanwhile, the Seoul Global Center offers foreign residents general counseling, expert counseling (law and labor), and business counseling in nine foreign languages: English, Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, Tagalog, Mongolian, Russian, Uzbek, and Thai. As the largest facility in Seoul, it was built to help foreign residents in the capital settle in the city most conveniently. Situated in Jongno, the business hub of the capital city, the Seoul Global Center boasts of the best geographical location as an incubation office. In particular, it is conveniently accessible by bus and subway.Notice of Application for Incubation Office at Seoul Global Center  Application Details  Application Timeline   Application Information 
 Documents to be submitted: application (including business plan), business plan, resume (with photo), copy of passport (with page showing visa status), copy of alien registration card and business license (in case of business that is already set up)   Application Document Submission
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has announced the 2013 Measures to Eradicate Rip-offs. It has declared 2013 as its first year of rooting out swindling of foreign tourists. It is cracking down on rip-offs in five particular areas: taxis, call vans, shopping, restaurants, and stalls. During the period April 22 (Monday) ~ May 7 (Tuesday), the city administration is bolstering its campaign against the irregularities since Chinese and Japanese tourists pour into Seoul during the period to enjoy the Chinese Labor Day Week and Japans Golden Week, respectively.  The Seoul Metropolitan Government is seeking to eradicate rip-offs in the city through the following specific actions:  Enforcing strictly the law against habitual, malicious rip-offs by taxi and call van drivers  Forcing shops, restaurants, and stalls to implement a fixed price system  Alerting foreigners to the danger of rip-offs and strengthening on-site monitoring  Organizing private-public partnership initiatives to eliminate wrongful practices through citizens active participation in the campaign.   1. On-Site Discovery of Habitual, Malicious Rip-offs by Taxi and Call Van DriversIn collaboration with the Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency, the municipal government has been consolidating both on-site crackdown efforts and larger systematic investigation efforts since Monday, April 22, 2013 to crack down on irregularities committed by taxi and call van drivers, ranging from not using meters to overcharging.   Specifically, the following acts by taxi or call van drivers are subject to strict law enforcement:  Rejecting local passengers in favor of foreign ones  Soliciting passengers and negotiating fares  Not using meters or overcharging foreigners  Manipulation of meters by call van drivers. Currently, an irregularity by a call van is punishable by a 60-day license suspension or 600,000 won in penalty. The municipal government is promoting harsher punishment, i.e., revocation of business license for one violation of regulations. 2. Law Enforcement for the Implementation of Fixed Prices at Shops and Restaurants The Seoul Metropolitan Government is enforcing fixed prices at shops, restaurants, and stalls in major tourist zones in particular to prevent tourists from being ripped off there.
As for shops, the city government is beefing up its oversight not just for traditional shops required to implement a fixed price system (a store of more than 17 m2 engaged in clothing, souvenir, and cosmetics business) but also for shops in recently designated areas such as Namdaemum and Gwangjang Markets. As for restaurants including general and karaoke bars located within the perimeters of tourist spots, the municipal government is investigating whether they keep clearly priced menus or wall postings to eradicate risks of price gouging. Likewise, it is actively encouraging restaurants to prepare menus in Korean and foreign languages side by side to minimize foreign visitors inconvenience. With regard to stalls, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is mustering support from district offices and organizations of street vendors. It encourages stall keepers to post fixed prices voluntarily. Vendors who fail to do so are eventually slapped with penalty or administrative measures by the city government to force them to comply with regulations.    3. Taxi Ride App, Increased Tour Helpers, Enhanced Prevention Efforts and On-Site MonitoringFor taxis and call vans, which are most likely to give in to rip-off temptations, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is working hard to eliminate any potential manipulation by bad drivers. Part of such efforts is the provision of fare information in multiple languages. The municipal administration is set to publish an additional 150,000 copies of the publication titled Using Taxis in Seoul Correctly for foreign visitors to Seoul.  Starting April 26, 2013, the city will offer the services of a private app (Taximeter ) linked to Seoul Mobile Tourism App (i Tour Seoul) in a bid to prevent taxi drivers from overcharging their passengers.  Launched in 2009, the Seoul Mobile Tourism App offers free travel information contents such as accommodation, restaurants, transportation, tour courses, and shopping. In March 2013, the city began offering an interpretation and translation app to eliminate the language barrier that a foreign tourist might encounter in Seoul.The Taximeter  app lets a taxi passenger check the taxi fare incurred in real time at any point of his/her taxi ride. The service is available in three languages: Korean, English, and Japanese. The Seoul Metropolitan Government is actively publicizing how and where to report tourism grievances both online and offline including call centers 1330 or 120+9, Visit Seoul and Seoul Metropolitan Government websites, tourist information centers, and hotels. It plans to increase the number of Roaming Seoul Tourism Helpers assigned to the most crowded tourist spots in Seoul such as Myeong-dong and Namdaemun from 26 to 41. Furthermore, it will mobilize 60 volunteers services to minimize foreign tourists inconvenience in the city. The Seoul Metropolitan Government is implementing the Mystery Chauffeur System at famous tourist spots in the city to catch violators of tourism regulations on the spot. The system uses fake foreign tourists. Irregularities will be reported to the relevant oversight agencies immediately, and aggressive law enforcement efforts will be made for the particular area(s).  4. Citizens Initiatives in Building Safe Tourism Areas In an effort to make fundamental improvements in the citys overall services for foreign tourists, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has launched the Building Safe Tourism Areas campaign for Special Tourist Zones under the initiative of the private sector. Organizations such as the Visit Korea Committee, Seoul Tourism Association, Special Tourist Zone Association, and Regional Merchants Organizations are also joining in the effort.The Building Safe Tourism Areas campaign is being carried out in Myeong-dong and Namdaemun which are traditional special tourist areas since they have been selected as safe tourism areas as well. The residents of the areas are taking active roles in the efforts to eradicate cases of overcharging or soliciting while promoting kindness and hospitality among all those engaged in the tourism business. 
Seoul SNS Conference 2013 kicks off on April 19 Themed See, learN, and Share (SNS), the SNS conference was attended by more than 500 people including central government officials, representatives of regional and municipal governments, and general public. The attendants shared valuable information on a variety of roles played by SNS in general and diverse uses of SNS by public agencies in particular. Among the people whose cases attracted attendants interest were Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon, who is known among experts as a social designer, and former Korean Prime Minster Kim Hwang Sik who got famous for posting his handwritten letters on Facebook while in office for their love of social media. Special presenters were the Facebook sysop of Busan Metropolitan Police Agency whose ticket to fame was his reader-friendly writing of not-so-pleasant news of accidents or stiff public notices and the Goyang City Facebook sysop who is well-known for the unique ending of city posts. Along with the image of a cute cat (the name Goyang sounds like cat in Korean), the city adds intriguing suffixes such as raong (similar to a cats sound in Korean) or goyang (same word as the city name) at the end of a sentence (in Korean, a sentence ends with a verb Koreans, especially the young, tend to add unnecessary but interesting suffixes to verbs arbitrarily just for fun). At the end of the conference, participants agreed that the purpose of communication is human beings. What has changed is just the means of communication. The channel used by a skillful communication strategist is not as important as communicators integrity. Public officials must work harder to create sympathy, moving through contents made by citizens. 
The information at 1330 is available in four languages Korean, English, Japanese, and Chinese courtesy of certified tour guide-interpreters 24 hours a day. In addition to tourist information, tourist guide can also offer interpretation services, receive tourist grievances, and make accommodation reservations.   I never fail to mention special events such as festivals, said Yun Jeong-hui , a manager at 1330. According to him, fees and charges change. I check with the relevant agency before I talk to the caller about them. Sometimes, I organize a foreign tourists entire tour course, she added. Foreigners are particularly taken aback when they have their valuables stolen or they get physically hurt. 1330 helps foreigners in distress get emergency aid in collaboration with 120 (Seoul Call Center, Dasan 120), 110 (Government Call Center), 119 (Fire, Emergency, and Ambulance), telephone number of the consul concerned (Ministry of Foreign Affairs), and 112 (Police).  The daily average number of calls is 900. Calls by foreigners account for approximately 45%. Overall, the number of calls is increasing sharply year after year. Most foreign callers are FITs (free independent travelers). The consensus is that the quality growth of tourism in Korea requires a greater number of free independent travelers. Thus, 1330 services need to be expanded. 
 Nanji Saengmyeong-gil, Mapo is a downtown area in Seoul where you can learn about the local ecosystem and the history of the country in addition to taking a walk along Hangang (River).At Nanji Saengmyeong-gil (Trail) including World Cup Park in Mapo, you will see how Nanjido, which used to be a dumpsite, turned into an ecological park and how efforts are made to use environment-friendly, alternative energy. Walking trail course (15.7km)
Not quite sure what to do, but would like to have a good experience in the Hongdae (Hongik University) neighborhood? We recommend the following courses: There are five tourist courses available: one for backpack travelers one for English-speaking people one for Chinese one for Japanese, and one for Koreans.  The programs show you unique-looking cafes, spaces for culture lovers, indie band performance places, and back alleys showing the locals daily lives. In addition to the courses provided by the programs, you may choose how to spend your time. You can get a guide leaflet at the Mapo Tourism Center or Hongdae Tourist Information Center. To get to either of the information centers, please take the Airport Railroad at Incheon International Airport and get off at Hongik Univ. Station. You may also download information from the following homepage: http://culture.mapo.go.kr  Backpack Travelers Course
 Hongdae Tourist Information Center  Dabokgil shopping street  Pollala Collection Shop  Gallery Loop  Korean restaurant Rodem Tree  Sangsangmadang  Mural Street  Pet Dog Caf Sangsang Dabang  Salon Badabi  JJ Guest House The Course for English-speaking People
 Hongdae Information Center  Hongdae Nanta Theater  Gallery Zandari  Korean restaurant Namul-meongneun-gom (Herbivorous Bear)  Caf Didida  Caf Sangsudong Blues   Back alley in Sangsu-dong  Pet Dog Caf Sangsang Dabang   Salon Badabi   JJ Guest House The Course for Chinese 
Seoul City will be operating a late-night (midnight~5:00 AM) bus service starting April 19. Initially, the service will be operated for three months on a trial basis. The numbers of the buses to be operated will be N (night) 26 and N37. A total of 12 buses (6 each) will be deployed for the service, covering districts such as Hongik Univ., Jongno, and Gangnam Station where many people carry out activities late at night.Routes to be covered by late-night buses 
1,850 won.The first bus will start from each garage at midnight buses will operate with an interval of 35~40 minutes. Daily operation ends with the arrival of the last bus at the other garage on or around 4:55 AM.You can check the ETA of the late-night bus at each bus stop by using the bus information terminal (BIT) installed at the bus stop, visiting the Seoul Transport Operation and Information Service (TOPIS) mobile web (m.bus.go.kr), or using the Seoul Metropolitan Government Public Transportation App.Late-night buses will be equipped with LED signboard on the front so that users may see them even at a distance and with over-speeding prevention device.Seoul Metropolitan Government had bus companies hire the drivers of these buses on the condition that they take a full rest during the day without engaging in other activities for safe operation at night.N26 Late-night Bus RouteN37 late-night bus route
 CITYNET: Regional Network of Local Authorities for the Management of Human Settlements The CITYNET Secretariat held a ceremony on March 26 on the occasion of the opening of its office in Seoul thus opening an era of CITYNET Seoul and ending the 20-year era of the CITYNET Secretariat in Yokohama. The relocation of the CITYNET Secretariat in Seoul was approved unanimously by the member cities present at the CITYNET Congress held in Yokohama in September 2009. Seoul Metropolitan Government was also designated as the host city for the 7th CITYNET Congress scheduled for November 2013 at said event. CITYNET was established in 1987 as the regional network for policy-related exchanges and collaboration between local authorities in the Asia-Pacific region, with Yokohama serving as chair city. Seoul, Colombo, Lyon, Surabaya, and Bangkok play the role of executive cities, and Busan, Incheon, Suwon, Changwon, and Yongin are member cities. CITYNET has 130 members (83 local governments serving as full members, with 47 institutions and organizations including NGOs as associate members). The Seoul Metropolitan Government expects the opening of CITYNET Secretariat in the city to provide an opportunity to strengthen the collaborative network with other international organizations and play a central role in various sectors such as urban development, economic development, environment conservation, and coping with climate change. The CITYNET Secretariat in Seoul Metropolitan Government will take over the role that has been performed by Yokohama, control the 130-member strong network, and carry out business that requires collaboration with the relevant international organizations including the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (UNESCAP). The CITYNET Secretariat in Seoul Metropolitan Government will also handle matters such as the problem of health and poverty in connection with the need to establish a people-oriented urban environment and provide support for the establishment of sustainable infrastructure facilities and will make efforts to share useful policy programs with the relevant international organizations in Seoul, including the International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives (CLEI) East Asia Regional Headquarters (opened in Seoul in October 2012). In addition, many foreigners are forecast to come to Seoul Metropolitan Government in connection with many CITYNET activities (congress, executive committee, subcommittee, and seminars) such will bring about positive synergistic effects for the convention and tourism programs operated in Seoul Metropolitan Government. Additional economic and social benefits are also expected, such as the creation of jobs at the CITYNET secretariat and opportunities to train local professionals who will work for international organizations. 
Seoul City will provide support for the homestay business for foreigners, having announced a program for the invigoration of the homestay business whose target is to increase guestrooms to 1,000 in 350 places within the year. Seoul City expects the program  which is being launched as part of Seoul, the City of Sharing campaign  to improve the countrys tourism infrastructure and create jobs. The program will apply to owners of houses (single-family home, multi-household house, apartment smaller than 230) in Seoul and who are willing to provide lodging and meals to foreign tourists at a reasonable charge to help them experience the countrys household life. Under the program, Seoul City will provide diverse forms of support for both startups and existing businesses. At present, a total of 215 homestay businesses are registered, supplying 666 guestrooms to foreign tourists. For startups, Seoul City will provide phone-based simultaneous interpretation service (available through a special phone) in seven languages and shoulder part of the expense for setting up a signboard. Other forms of support to be provided to all homestay businesses include Seoul City-made maps for pedestrian travel courses, tourist maps, and PR materials introducing performances held in the city. Seoul City will also mark areas where there are many homestay places in newly made maps and install signboards there. The webpage for homestay reservation, which will be opened in May, will be linked to the site providing information to tourists (visitseoul.net). Seoul City will also carry out PR marketing for the homestay program, including making the relevant information easily accessible through online keyword search in major countries. 
Seoul City will distribute a folded map (Pleasant Tour of Seoul on Foot) showing 24 pedestrian tourist destinations at a glance through tourist information centers throughout the city. The 24 courses include the ff.: ancient culture district (1)  Mongchontoseong (Fortress) traditional culture district (6) including royal palaces   Gyeongbokgung (Palace)Hyoja-dong,  Changgyeonggung (Palace),  Changdeokgung (Palace),  Bukchon Hanok Village,  Seochon Hanok Village,  SeolleungBongeunsa (Temple) course district focusing on the countrys early modern culture (3)  Deoksugung (Palace)Jeong-dong,  Seongbuk-dong,  Gyeonghuigung(Palace) Seodaemun course ecology restoration area (5)  Cheonggyecheon (Stream) (2 courses),  Namsanseonggwak (Fortress Wall),  Naksanseonggwak (Fortress Wall),  Hangang (River)Jeoldusan Catholic Martyrs Shrine, and traditional market area (2)  Insa-dongUnhyeongung (Palace),  Dongdaemun traditional market course.The following course as marked on the map provides visitors with a guide and lets them visit without making reservations: (4)  Namsangol Hanok Village,  detached guestroom of Cheong Wa Dae (Office of the President),  War Memorial of Korea, and  new Seoul City Hall.As a special weekend course started in February this year, the following course is also marked on the map: (3)  Changgyeonggung (Palace) ecology course,  Changdeokgung (Palace) ecology course, and  Sungkyunkwan course.In 2012, the number of tourists visiting the pedestrian tourist destinations including locals reached 80,744, for a 24.8% year-on-year increase. It shows that there is an increase in the number of people who prefer the experience of visiting destinations individually. Seoul Metropolitan Government provides guides in frequently visited destinations to make tourists interested in exploring hidden stories about such destinations. In an effort to meet tourists demand, Seoul Metropolitan Government has started running weekend courses such as experience that will help tourists check the status of the ecological system within the royal palaces including  Changgyeonggung (Palace) and  Changdeokgung (Palace) and get a glimpse of the daily lives of Confucian scholars at  Sungkyunkwan.From the aforesaid course including Changgyeonggung (Palace) and Changdeokgung (Palace), you will see a locust tree in front of Seoninmun Gate as the sole witness when Crown Prince Sado died in a wooden rice box at the order of his own father, King Yeongjo, in 1762. You can also listen to stories of history kept by nature surrounding the royal palaces.In Sungkyunkwan, must-visit places are Jongyeonggak where precious Confucian books were kept and Bansu, a stream where Confucian scholars enjoyed swimming in summer.At the pedestrian travel courses, guides explain in four languages (Korean, English, Chinese, and Japanese). To use the service, all you have to do is make a reservation at the relevant homepage (dobo.visitseoul.net) of Seoul Metropolitan Government. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has announced that it is embarking upon energy-saving measures for commercial buildings that are open 24 hours a day and consequently consume a large amount of electricity. Currently, buildings in the city devour around 58 percent of all electricity supplied to Seoul. As its first step in reducing the power consumption of these buildings and helping defuse an imminent energy crisis in the metropolis, the city government is focusing on the improvement of energy efficiency at commercial buildings that do business around the clock. As such, Seoul City is expanding the application of ESCO (Energy Service Company) benefits to commercial buildings such as fast-food chains that are open 24/7. An ESCO installs energy-saving facilities, including the replacement of light bulbs with high-efficiency LED lamps, at no cost to the beneficiary. It recovers its investment through the beneficiarys energy cost savings over a period of time. Typically fast-food chains or railway stations doing business 24 hours a day are very popular to ESCOs as their investment periods are shorter and the investment risks are lower. Thus plenty of ESCOs are interested in carrying out BRPs (Building Retrofit Project), including the installation of LED light bulbs, for these facilities. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has announced that it will develop energy self-reliance tour courses at Seongdaegol, Dongjak-gu and Sipjaseong Maeul, Gangdong-gu by 2014. The communities have come together to reduce energy consumption and achieve energy self-reliance by producing energy for themselves in the first place. The eventual goal of the municipal government is to develop the two communities as urban energy self-reliant village models for the entire world and to open them up for benchmarking by interested parties from around the globe. The municipal government selected seven locations across the city as energy-reliant communities in 2012. Now it has designated two of them as candidates for a worldwide urban energy-reliant community model due to their strong commitment to the project and their relative advantages concerning their potential for development into global tour courses. The metropolitan government is planning to complete its work on the two communities by 2014 and promote them to the world as Seoul ecotourism attractions. 
The number of small-scale sewing factories in town has reached the 20,000 mark. The fabric scraps produced by these establishments used to be put into special bags that meet the requirements of the volume-rate garbage disposal system for incineration or landfill. However, the city government has embarked upon the recycling of these materials for a variety of uses such as footwear mid-soles, interior materials and insulation covers for agricultural or industrial purposes. The city government plans to implement the pilot project in three districts, namely, Seongdong-gu, Seongbuk-gu and Gangbuk-gu, with the highest density of small sewing factories until July 2013, before expanding the arrangement to other districts. It is now accepting applications from both sewing factories and recycling business operators. Cotton scraps will be used for footwear mid-soles and interior materials while polyester and nylon will be transformed into synthetic resins through the due processes to be used as basic materials. Similarly, woolen fabric scraps will be recycled into fabric, whereas fur, acrylic and braid will be recycled into non-woven fabric for use as covers for various insulation purposes. The official in charge of the project at City Hall said, The recycling of scrap fabric will bring such positive outcomes as reducing the volume of waste landfill or incineration, saving money on the purchase of bags for the volume-rate garbage disposal system, and improving resource productivity in town. 
Seoul will build an exemplary energy efficient apartment complex in town as a stepping stone to improving the energy efficiency of all apartment complexes across the city. To effectively promote its housing energy efficiency project in the field of multi-unit dwellings, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has signed an MOU with Daelim I&S for the construction of an apartment complex that is exemplary in terms of housing efficiency, banking on the companys high-tech skills and customer service know-how. Based on its competitive edges in both the construction of energy-efficient apartments and the provision of customer services to its apartment residents, Daelim I&S will carry out energy efficiency analyses of designated apartment complexes, replace obsolete or under-performing facilities with high energy-efficient facilities, conduct a resident satisfaction survey, and present a report to the municipal government on the overall aspects of the establishment of an exemplary apartment complex. For its part, the municipal government will devise a practical model for energy-efficient multi-unit dwellings after analyzing the energy reduction effects realized at the exemplary apartment complex and the feedback from its residents. An official of the city government said, We hope that the exemplary energy efficient apartment complex project will provide the necessary momentum for the municipal governments energy efficiency improvement project, which advocates the prevention of energy leakage and the enhancement of energy efficiency, to successfully spread to all the other buildings in town. 
Seoul Metropolitan Government is providing support for Seoul-type green technology R&D with a high possibility of commercialization in the sectors of new and renewable energy production and energy efficiency improvement. Since 2010 Seoul Metropolitan Government has pushed ahead with the project to develop and use green technologies related to new and renewable energy and to improve energy efficiency, quality, and living environment.Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to disseminate commercialized technologies developed through the project to the private sector with a view to creating jobs and to use them to enhance the competitiveness of the Seoul-type green industry.Seoul Metropolitan Government will also provide loans to households that install double-insulated windows, heat insulation materials, and highly efficient boilers. The loans are intended to cover up to 80% of the replacement costs up to a maximum of 10 million won. With the implementation of the energy consumption certification system, effective from February of this year, it has become obligatory to attach an energy consumption evaluation certificate to transaction contracts for apartments in an apartment complex comprising 500 households or more. As such, energy efficiency has emerged as a matter of great concern for the residents of large apartment complexes. A total of 178 households applied for loans for the installation of heat-insulated windows in connection with the Energy Efficiency Improvement Project conducted by Seoul Metropolitan Government in 2012. Seoul Metropolitan Government is studying ways to supply good-quality heat-insulated windows to households at affordable prices. 
Seoul City announced the Launch of Community Service Investment Project Targeting Low Income Groups, Children, Youth, Disabled, Elderly Community Service Investment Project is an initiative whereby local governments develop and implement community service projects according to regional characteristics and welfare needs of residents. It consists of 90 projects involving the distribution of service vouchers to recipients. 7 out of the 90 projects will be undertaken by Seoul City while the other 83 projects are by local governments. The 7 services undertaken by Seoul City include Infant Care Service, Disabled and Elderly Care, Rental and Reform of Posture Correction Devices for Handicapped, Exercise Prescription for Elderly,Total Care for Mental Patients, Vision Development Support for Children and Youth, and Psychological Support for Parents of Children with Developmental Disabilities.Firstly, to address worries about late development of infants (basic development, language development, early awareness, emotional and social development) the integrated Early Intervention Center will provide services to encourage the normal development of infants.In addition, the Vision Development Support for Children and Youth scheme will provide support for activities to address youth social issues and help cultivate responsible members of the society.The Rental and Reform of Posture Correction Devices for disabled children and youth under 19 years will aid the rehabilitation of disabled children and youth with limb and brain injuries.Exercise Prescription for Elderly scheme provides those above 65 years with health check and aquatic exercise services to help improve the health of the elderly and weak.What is E-Voucher?  A system to raise purchasing power with a credit note guaranteed by the government for a particular commodity or service  Use your Voucher Card to pay for the service (a blend of the merits of cash payment and payment in kind)
Seoul City distributed clothes donated by citizens and non-governmental organizations to 10,000 needy. 53 organizations and 368 citizens have donated 100,000 pieces of used clothing to Clothes Donation to the Homeless since the project was launched in February last year. The City has distributed these clothes to homeless facilities and Our Wardrobe (Seoul Station Shower and Changing Room) within the city. Each person received about 10 pieces clothes, which included not only outerwear but also undergarments, socks, shoes, bags and other miscellaneous items. Helping to raise awareness of homeless issues, the clothes donation drive was launched in February last year by Seoul City in collaboration with Seoul Homeless Welfare Association. 
The 1st International Symposium on SEOUL CITY WALL will be held on February 22, 2013 to have the historical fortress registered as a world heritage site. Seoul City Wall has been the last line of defense for the capital city for hundreds of years. It has been registered as a candidate UNESCO World Heritage last November 23. We have invited specialists from all over the world to rediscover the sites historic relevance and discuss related topics in depth. We hope to see enthusiastic citizens at the symposium.
Seoul Metropolitan Government has announced funding support totaling \22.2 billion for 22 projects under the 2013 Community Initiative Projects. Onsite support services will start from February when the year round applications are opened at the Seoul City Community Initiative website (http://www.seoulmaeul.org, 02-385-2642). The Seoul Community Initiative Projects are citizen-led initiatives that seek to promote community spirit. Under this scheme, the City will evaluate funding applications for projects that help community spirit from community groups. In 2012, the City enacted ordinances to lay the foundation for fostering community spirit, such as the establishment of the Community Support Center. Building on this foundation, citizens will now come together to use the power of the community to solve common problems such as childcare, crime and safety, and unemployment. In particular, the Apartment Community Spirit Initiative targeting 58% of Seouls housing type was formally launched. For example, there are plans to provide support to projects that help residents reduce management fees through saving energy and transparency in accounting, and community improvement projects such as planting vegetable gardens and establishing small libraries. Funding Pro-active Support for Good childcare and solving safety and energy issues Community Initiative Projects Firstly, the Community Initiative Projects will start off by focusing on childcare. Two initiatives, Parents Community and Communal Childcare, will receive a total support of \1.6 billion. Parents Community is an initiative that aims to solve childcare issues of parents within the district a total of 200 groups under the initiative will each receive support of about \5 million. Communal Childcare is a social care initiative to use cultural spaces, community centers etc., within each district for everyday activities. 20 groups solving childcare issues will receive annual support of \3 million to \4 million for operation, program and equipment costs. Self-sustaining Energy Community, Safe Community are community projects relevant to everyday life which will receive total of \1.3 billion in support. Self-sustaining Energy Community project seeks to develop a model for self-sustaining energy community to encourage citizens to voluntarily save energy in their everyday activities. In addition to 7 districts chosen last year, a total of 10 districts will each receive \8 million to \10 million in support. The Safe Community initiative involves citizens working together during occurrences of crime and disaster to ensure a safe community. 80 such groups will receive 1 million to 20 million in support. Apartment Multiculturalism, Hanok, Shopping Center to Promote Community Initiatives Making the most of Seouls Characteristics Starting with initiatives to reduce management fees, up to \1 million will be allocated for Apartment Community Spirit Initiatives such as Community Lending Libraries where residents will be allocated bookcases for them to fill with books for communal lending, vegetable gardens and other urban agricultural projects, community childcare centers, and community boards for citizens to exchange information. \1.3 billion has been allocated to 150 projects under this scheme. In addition, \500 million will be set aside for projects to promote Multicultural Community Spirit, Shopping Center Community Spirit and Hanok Community Spirit. Multicultural Community Spirit provides \3 million facilities construction and \5 million community activities funding to projects that promote peaceful coexistence and harmony between Koreans and foreigners in districts with high concentration of foreigners. Shopping Center Community Spirit refers to projects centered on shopping centers where merchants, citizens and customers work together to foster community spirit. 3-5 shopping center gatherings will receive support of up to \50 million. Hanok Community Spirit provides \10 million support for facilities and program development to 9 hanok villages and communities in the vicinity of Hanyang City. Community Infrastructure such as Libraries, Book Cafs as Infrastructure for Community Spirit activities Community infrastructure such as community libraries, village book cafes, community arts centers and youth heu cafes will become bases for residents to gather for community activities. To give residents easy access to community activities 748 community libraries, 30 village book cafes, 23 arts centers, 17 youth heu cafes spread across different districts will receive \5.1 billion support to be used as residents sarangbang. Efforts will also be taken to expand these spaces. Rental Deposit or funding support for community businesses with strong public interest Creation of community jobs for youth \6.5 billion investment in Community Business, Youth Community initiatives. Community Business will provide rental deposit or operating expense support to businesses with strong public interest. Depending on the maturity of the company, 45 businesses will receive rental deposit support of \100 million which is to be returned within a 5 years, and 39 businesses will receive operating expense support 30 businesses in their first year of operation will receive \50 million, 9 businesses in their second year of operation will receive \30 million.In addition, 4 teams will be selected to receive \230 million in support under the Youth Village scheme to initiate education, consulting and mentorship projects with the aim of developing a model for job-creation for youth in the community. Flexible and diverse Community Spirit Initiatives are FeasibleAll feasible projects proposed by citizens will be considered for support. These projects will be given a total of \2.4 billion funding via Use of Community Space Initiative and Building Community Spirit Activities.Use of Community Space Projects supports remodeling and interior furnishing costs after residents secure use of the space. Under a free proposal format, 15 projects will receive support of up to \50 million. Building Community Spirit Activities supports resident gatherings to solve issues related to the resident community. A maximum of \20 million will be set aside to support these projects via free proposal and pre-determined proposal formats. Early Support for Integration of Space for Village Book Caf Youth Heu Caf and Communal Childcare InitiativesThe City plans to promote the integration of projects to achieve greater results. For example, support will be given integrate space development projects such as Village Book Caf development and Youth Heu Caf development with community improvement projects such as Parents Community and Communal Childcare. When there is high level of requests by residents for such community space development these community spaces will only be developed according to the needs of residents and feasibility of projects. When the requests for such community space development are high the feasibility of the spaces to be used for community programs will be taken into consideration. In particular, from this year, before selection of the final projects, there are plans for residents to be involved in the short-listing of projects and consultation and incubation plans.Community Consultation, Autonomous District, Accounting Assistance to allow anyone with get started with Community BusinessThis year, the Community Consultation system will take effect for all community spirit projects to simplify and systemize onsite support. Community Consultation system provides start-up support such as formulating residents proposal and application process, as well as professional consulting to further develop the projects. The scheme also provides supports for the most problematic area faced onsite accounts for grants received.Besides this, Community Media initiative and Our Community Project will receive \600 million and \380 million support respectively. Equipment, studio, production grants will be provided to allow any interested resident to produce contents based on their community and for these contents to be presented to the public. Village Media Festivals will also be organized. Our Community Project allows residents to personally identify and develop projects needed by their communities to be implemented. 122 projects will receive support totaling \380 million.
On 22nd February the open top double-decker bus tour of Seouls traditional markets will kick-off. This Seoul traditional market tour course will provide free and easy tourists the opportunity to experience everyday life in Seoul and discover the hidden beauty of Seoul. Above all, this will promote traditional markets as a quintessential tourist attraction incorporating the shopping, culture, food, household items and fashion of Seoul. For instance, at Gwangjang Market one can browse the traditional hanbok alley, and take in the unique atmosphere of the market while savoring the markets specialty bindaetteok (mung-bean pancake) and makgeolli. Seouls first open top double-decker bus will enhance the tourist experience when visiting traditional markets. There are plans to make this Seouls representative tourist attraction. One open top double-decker bus and two normal double-decker buses will ply the traditional market course at 35-minute intervals.In addition to the Traditional Market Course, the Seoul City Tour Bus will cover five different routes including City Circle Course, Night Course A, Palace & Cheonggye Course, and Night Course B. The Seoul City Tour Bus (Palace & Cheongye Course) will be plied by the normal double-decker bus. It is hoped that the open concept and unobstructed views will help bring the tourists closer to the different sights of Seoul, and provide a more authentic experience with the opportunity to feel the changes in the weather with each season. The Seoul City Tour Bus Traditional Market Course will start from Dongdaemun Doosan Tower and take 105 minutes to cover Seouls major traditional markets including Bangsan, Junbu Market, Namdaemun, Insadong, Gwangjang Market, Sungin-dong Dokkaebi Pungmul Market, Seoul Yangnyeong Market, Majang-dong Livestock Products Market, Sindang-dong Junang Market.  Seoul City Tour Bus Traditional Market Course (105 minutes)Dongdaemun Doosan Tower (start)  Bangsan, Jungbu Market, Lotte Young Plaza (Sogong-dong, City Hall, Deoksugung)  Seoul Station Platform 6, Namdaemun Market  Myeongdong  Jongak, Jongno, Youth Street  Tapgol Park, Insadong, Nakwon Shopping Center  Sewoon Electronics Market, Jongno Jewelry Street  Gwangjang Market  Pyeonghwa Fashion Market  Dongmyo, Sungin-dong Dokkaebi Pungmul Market  Seoul Yangnyong Market (Gyeongdong Market, Cheongnyangni Fruit Wholesale Market  Majang-dong Livestock Products Market  Sindang-dong Jungang Market  Dongdaemun Doosan Tower (end) Tourists can not only choose the time and place to start their tour and hop on and off at will, there will also be guide provided in the five languages of Korean, English, Japanese, Chinese and French. Tickets valid for the whole day are priced at around 10,000\ (Adult 12,000\/Children above 6, High & Middle School students 8,000\). This is comparably cheaper than city tours in other cities and promises to provide an enjoyable and meaningful experience. Additionally, to help develop the traditional markets into attractive tourist sports, walking tour courses featuring the unique story of each market will be developed around the market vicinity in cooperation with the Traditional Market Merchants Association of each traditional market. This will feature sights such as the oldest store of the market, recommended food stalls and shopping items, and many more cultural experiences that can only be found in Korea.With the aim of enhancing Seouls tourism products, Seoul City Tour was selected to operate the Seoul City Tour Bus from 2000, developing City Circle Course and Cheongye/Palace Course, and Night Course A/B after consultation with the public. Presently, selected private enterprises are able to receive license to operate without putting down a deposit.Tel: Tradition Market Route (1544-4239), Existing Routes (02-777-6090)Traditional Market Course stops
Recruiting foreign volunteers for 2013 Seoul Metropolitan Governments Seoul Quality of Life Monitors Programme Application Deadline : 2013. 2. 15. (Friday) Seat Availability :  peopleQualification-Monitoring team: Foreigners or Naturalized citizens or marriage immigrants who meet all requirements belowMinimum of 1 year stay in Seoul and reach an intermediate level of proficiency in either Korean or EnglishApplicant with great interest and passion for Seoul  Korean translator:Applicant who majors in English and has a strong will for voluntary service Documents to submit  Application Form  Copy of valid photo-bearing identification How to apply : by post or email or submit the documents directly to the Seoul Metropolitan Government (Mail-in application will only be accepted if the documents arrived before the due date/Visit the working hours I received)Address : Multiculturalism Division, 5F, 110 Sejong-daero, Jung-gu, Seoul, Korea, 100-744  Email : monitor@seoul.go.kr,  Person in charge : (Lee Boo Youl) (02-2133-5076) Notification of results : 2013. 2. 20. (Wednesday)Application Form download 
Hanseong Baekje Museums I am a chef of Baekje! How can we make learning somber history easier and more interesting? This is a question all parents would have pondered regardless of whether their children are in elementary school just starting to learn about history or in the upper grades. In actual fact, the subject most children complain is difficult is not Mathematics or English but Social Studies. As a result, books that relate history in an interesting way have gained popularity recently. However, these books are of no help to parents who have left their studies behind a long time ago. I have just visited a place that will impart history to these children in a more interesting way.The Hanseong Baekje Museum within Songpa-gu Olympic Park organized a winter vacation workshop, I am a chef of Baekje targeted at elementary school students. From the 15th, participants can learn more about history by exploring the museums exhibition halls together with the museums teachers, watching plays and enjoying hands-on culinary experience. In terms of food, what is the difference between the Stone Age and New Stonge Age? During the Stone Age, food was obtained by collecting and hunting, by the time of the New Stone Age man started to practice agriculture and rear livestock. Observing the workshop, presentations were very well done. The children could easily answer the question as they were on topics they would have read about in books. However, it was evident that children who were well read had better background knowledge. Do all of you use chopsticks and spoons? There is no other country that uses chopsticks and spoons together like us. Why is that? Because we eat a wide variety of food including rice and side dishes That is correct, spoons are commonly used in northern regions. These regions are cold and use spoons, as they tend to eat hot dishes like soups. On the other hand, warmer regions in the south do not each such hot dishes. The soups they drink tend to be lukewarm and they usually use chopsticks to eat the ingredients in the soup and drink the soup direct from the bowl. Our country has four seasons and being in the middle, adopted the customs of both the north and the south. That is why we use both chopsticks and spoons. Through the history of food we are reminded of the importance of food in our culture. After listening to this brief explanation about food, the group moved on to the Hanseong Baekje Museum exhibition halls where we learned more about what the people of Baekje ate and how this is related to our eating habits today. The history of Baekje brought alive through drama and food. This is the dining table of the commoner. You can try the dishes. So this is aukjuk, and this is called dongchimi kimchi? Yes. These are the dishes made at the wooden furnace of the commoner. The wooden furnace has the merit of serving the dual purposes of heating and cooking.At the end of the lesson at the exhibition hall, it was time for the drama skit in the classroom. The skit told the story of Baekje from the founding of the nation to its food. Thanks to the adlibs and the acting skills of the actors, the children enjoyed the skit immensely. Participating in the skit with the actors and the games incorporated into the program made for an even more enjoyable experience. So, what type of food did the people of Baekje eat? During early Baekje, the people of Baekje usually ate multigrain rice that included millet and barley. With the development of rice cultivation, rice became the staple food and they probably ate the same type of rice we eat today. As the level of production of rice was still low, the commoners usually ate porridge whilst the nobility ate rice cooked in earthenware steamers. Side dishes consisted mainly of pickled food such as pickled anchovies, salted vegetables, beanpaste and fermented fish. The people of Baekje also made ricecakes. Steamed ricecake made from cornflour, injeolmi or jeolpyeon made from made from pounded steamed ricecake were commonly eaten. During this winter vacation workshop I am a chef of Bakeje! participants were also able to try dishes enjoyed by the people of Baekje, such as yakbab, jeolpyeon, and dongchimi. The children also tried slicing the large jeolpyeon and making pretty designs with the ricecake mold. They carefully placed the food on serving trays to share with their parents.Hanseong, the old capital of Baekje, is located in the vicinity of todays Olympic Park. Relics from the Baekje period are exhibited at the Hanseong Bakjae Museum opened last year. The museum has comprehensive facilities with classrooms that are ideal for experiential workshops. Currently, the Hanseong Baekje Museum has a variety of programs including permanent exhibition and movie screenings, and is definitely a place worth visiting during the winter vacation. Please refer the museums homepage (http://baekjemuseum.seoul.go.kr/eng/) for more information about exhibitions and events.
100 days of the opening of Seoul Metropolitan Library(http://lib.seoul.go.kr/rwww/html/en/main.jsp) following the remodeling of the former Seoul City Hall. The library is serving as a resting place for local residents in addition to being a place for reading books, in close linkage with the newly built City Hall and the Seoul Citizens Hall. With total floor area of 18,711, the library is a four-story building (1st~4th floors: reading rooms 3rd and 4th floors underground: book storage spaces) with six rooms for keeping materials including those related to the history of the city. As of the end of January 2013, it has more than 200,000 paper books, 8,000 kinds of e-books, and 4,900 items of non-book materials including DVDs.For 100 days following its opening, 6,500 items of materials were donated by ordinary people, organizations, embassies, and culture centers. They are kept according to their contents and languages as part of the service to visitors.With regard to the 3,276 books donated by embassies and culture centers of 41 countries, which are kept at the Global Materials Section, China (918 books from the Korea-China Overseas Training Center and 147 books from the Chinese Culture Center) tops the list of donating countries. The French Cultural Center comes in second with a donation of 545 books. The Global Materials Section keeps 43 kinds of overseas journals and 11 newspapers. Six items of traditional handicrafts donated by the East Timor Embassy in Seoul are on special display in the Global Materials Section. A total of 710,000 people have paid a visit to the library (average of 8,500 people a day except holidays). The wooden stairs placed in the General Reading Section, which combines two floors into one, and the bookshelves placed next to the stairs are the most popular spots in the library.The number of items lent by the library stands at 108,807 as of February 1, 2013. DVDs top the list (13,635 items or 12%), followed by childrens books (19,149 items or 17%).Visitors to the Seoul Metropolitan Library (registered cultural heritage no. 52) will surely be delighted with the Display Section on the 5th floor, which displays traces of the old Seoul City Hall building, restored offices (Mayors Office, Meeting Room, and Situation Room) on the 3rd floor, and Seoul Archival Services where they can check and read diverse records related to Seoul.
Dedicated roads for children, pedestrian friendly zones and more. After mapping out the plans for becoming a pedestrian friendly city last year, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will actively push out 10 pedestrian environment improvement projects from this year with the aim of increasing pedestrian traffic from the present 16% to 20% by 2020. With this vision in mind, Seoul City has completed a survey of the pedestrian paths in the city and ascertained 4 areas of improvement. Namely, jaywalking due to lack of pedestrian crossings, vehicles occupying pedestrian walkways, 250 overpass and underpass in the city, and uneven pedestrian paths. To improve these areas of concern, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has decided to implement 10 improvement projects with a mind to constructing pleasant, safe and convenient roads with character. Different types of pedestrian walkways, establishment of pedestrian friendly zones Firstly, pedestrian-only roads will be implemented. Taking into consideration the pedestrian volume, road function and volume of traffic of the district, this initiative will be implemented on weekend and whole day basis. One of the areas involved in several pilot tests last year, Sejongno (in front of Sejong Center for the Performing Arts, Gwanghwamun Junction  Sejongno Junction 550m section) will be designated as the first weekend pedestrian only road, to be implemented every third Sunday from March this year. Depending on the results, the City Government plans to expand this program to a weekly basis from the second half of the year with the possibility of completely turning the road into a two-way road from 2014. A Sejongno without cars will become a venue for recycling marketplace, famers market, arts theatre and cultural events for the citizens amongst other activities. The City plans to appoint contents specialists MP (Management Planner) to organize events at the venue. International culture avenue Itaewonno, the emblem for Gangnam style Gangnamdaero, and traditional cultural products street Donhwamunno will be turned into weekend pedestrian-only streets whilst international food alley Itaewon Street, fashion street Dongdaemun Design Plaza, and youth culture street childrens playground in front of Hongdae will be turned into wholeday pedestrian-only streets. In addition, 5 districts will be designated pedestrian-friendly zones by 2014. Through the extension of walkways, installation of road safety features, footpaths, and other improvements to pedestrian environment, pedestrian-friendly zones have the distinction of regulating vehicular traffic to create pedestrian-only streets whilst maintaining the existing road characteristics of the district.The target districts include the citys first public transport zone Yonsero, historic cultural district Seongbukdong-gil, and areas with high concentration of pedestrians Gangbyeonno (Gwangjin-gu), Yeongjungno (Yeongdeungpo-gu), and Daehangno. The creation of pedestrian-friendly zones will fuse regional characteristics with pleasant pedestrian streets in these 5 districts and is expected to increase the competitiveness of these areas. At the famous Seongbuk-gil heritage trail, with footpaths connecting Choi Soon Woos Residence~Seoul Castle~Lee Tae Juns Residence~Sooyeonsan, facilities to create a pleasant walking experience, augmented pedestrian signage and so forth will attract citizens who wish to take a stroll and add to the vitality of the area. Pedestrian-first roads and children-only roads, lowering of speed limits 3 policies will be implemented to provide a safe pedestrian environment including lower speed limits and children safety zones.Firstly, in a nationwide-first, pedestrian-first safety zones within a 10m radius of pedestrian heavy and accident prone areas will be introduced. At these pedestrian-first safety zones, pedestrians and not vehicles will have the right of way, road pavements will be widened, and speed regulating features, pedestrian-first signage and roundabouts will be installed. These roads will have a speed limit of 30km/h. 5 accident-prone areas and roads frequently used by disabled and elderly Based on the pilot tests conducted at 2 of the short-listed districts (Haebangchon-gil, Gukhoedanji-gil, Gaebongdong-gil, Neungdong-gil, Mugyodong-gil) this year, this initiative will be expanded to other areas. To ensure the safety of children, children-only roads will be implemented. Along with the implementation of children-only roads, road safety signs and CCTV facilities will be improved, and traffic in front of schools will be regulated during before and after school hours.From this year, Seoul City will pilot this initiative at 10 elementary schools including Hwagye (Gangbuk-gu), Yeongma (Gwangjin-gu) and Daegwang (Seongbuk-gu), with plans to expand to more school districts depending on the results. The implementation of the Amazon Plan at 7 locations in the 5 districts of Eunpyeong, Dongdaemun, Seongbuk and Guro by 2014, where children can walk about freely, will serve as an enhancement to the children-only streets. Amazon involves not only the deployment of traffic safety wardens but also implementation of smoke-free roads, volunteer patrols, consolidation of congested private institute vehicles, expansion of CCTV system and converting two-way roads to single direction. These initiatives will be tailored to the actual conditions of the area and help to create an area that is not only child pedestrian safe but also safe from crime. For example, in the Mia Elementary School (Seongbuk-gu) vicinity problems of speeding in front of the school and vehicular traffic along narrow streets were solved by converting the road in front of the school to a one-way road, installation of speed cameras and installation of lights and CCTV at the nearby park. In addition, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is in the midst of implementing lower speed limits along two-way streets in housing areas to prevent traffic accidents in the suburbs. The proposal to lower speed limits from 40km/hr to 30km/h and from 60km/hr is currently being studied. Timing of green man signal at pedestrian crossings, multi-way crossing at cross junctions To ensure the safety and convenience of all pedestrians, the following 3 points will be implemented.Improvement of pedestrian environment for disabled and elderly so that even the disabled and elderly can travel safely by themselves. The plan included installation of 2,678 elevators (794  826) and escalators (1779  1852) at subway stations by 2014 and audio announcement of destination for the visually handicapped at 400 bus stops. 1,000 audio signals for the visually handicapped will also be installed every year. From the middle of this year, to ensure pedestrian and traffic safety facilities are visually impaired friendly, bus stops and subway stations, roads and pedestrian walkways (footpaths, pedestrian crossing, traffic signals) will be evaluated using the Review System for Traffic Facilities for Elderly and Disabled. Timing of green man signal at pedestrian crossings will be lengthened. The Seoul Metropolitan Government is working together with the police to estimate the time a pedestrian takes to cross the road and to lengthen the timing of the green man signal from 1.0m/s  0.8m/s to the walking speed of children and elderly. Multi-way crossing at all cross junctions within the city center will be gradually introduced. This will alleviate the inconvenience of pedestrians having to make detours, and the difficulty of the old and disabled using overpass. By next year, cross junctions in downtown including Gwanghwamun, Anguk-dong, Heunginjimun, City Hall will become multi-way crossings, and pedestrian crossings will be instated at underpass and overpass.
Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace Prize laureate and the symbol of Myanmars democratization movement, paid a courtesy visit to Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon at his office on the sixth floor in the newly built Seoul City Hall on January 29. The two discussed the human rights situation in general and matters concerning the collaboration between Seoul and Yangon in urban development and administration service participated in by the people.Earlier, Seoul City set up an office in charge of human rights under the Innovation Planning Officer in addition to the promotion of enactment of the Basic Municipal Ordinance related to Human Rights and the launch of the Human Rights Commission in an effort to have peoples human rights reflected on the municipal administration service in general. Seoul City also started operating the office of protection of peoples rights manned by three experts as the first attempt of its kind by a local government. With regard to Yangon Mayor Hla Myints visit to the Seoul City Hall in September 2012, Seoul City has strived to set up a program for the exchange of experience related to urban development with Yangon, the hometown of Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi. Her visit to Seoul at this time is expected to accelerate the commencement of the program. Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon and Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi discuss matters of common interest, including the human rights situation in general.
Seoul City, Bangkok City sign agreement on transportation card system consulting Seouls transport policy will be exported overseas. On 8th January, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (City Traffic Headquarters) and developers of the Seoul transportation card system, Korean Samrtcard Inc., signed an agreement (550mil won) to provide consulting services to Thailands Traffic Policy Division and Bangkok Public Transportation on the in establishment of an integrated transportation card system. Consulting services provided by Seoul Metropolitan Government and Korean Smartcard Inc. will encompass the establishment of an integrated command center and operation systems for Bangkoks public transport (bus, subway etc.) as well as distribution strategy for transportation cards. Though Seouls transportation card system had previously been exported overseas, this will be the first time Seoul Metropolitan Governments transportation card policy and know-how will be shared with another city overseas. The Thai Ministry of Transports Traffic Policy Division will visit Seoul on the 18th and 19th to study the metropolitan areas transportation card system policy and management. On Friday the 18th at 10am, the Thai delegation (led by Dr. Phadet) will visit the Seoul Traffic Information Center before going to City Hall (Seosomun Building 7th Floor) to visit the Transportation Card Division for a briefing on policies, systems and services followed by discussion on future plans for exchanges and project timelines.The 10-member strong Thai delegation will include the project leader from the Thai Ministry of Transports Traffic Policy Division, the aide-de-camp to the Minister for Transport and other government officials and representatives from the business community. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will share its well-established transportation card policy whilst Korean Smartcard Inc. will impart practical skills on the optimization of operations. The involvement of Seoul Metropolitan Government in the creation of Bangkoks transportation card system will lay the foundation for future cooperation and exchange in other areas.Previously exported to Wellington (2008) and Auckland (2010), New Zealand, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia (2010) and Columbia, India (2012), the Seoul transportation card system has received recognition for its excellence. The recognition of the excellence of Seouls transportation card policy and system by overseas countries has led to an increasing number of requests for consulting services by foreign cities interested in setting up state-of-the-art public transportation systems, providing a positive outlook for export opportunities in the future. 
Located at basements 1 and 2 of the New City Hall with total floor area of 7,842m2, Citizens Hall opened its doors on Saturday, January 12. The dedication ceremony began at 11:00 with the unveiling of the signboard of Citizens Hall featuring the logo of a big human ear, a symbol of the city commitment to be attentive to others voices. In Chinese characters (many Korean words can be written in Chinese characters), the name of the place includes a special Chinese character. As the last letter in Si-min-cheong (Citizens Hall), cheong is written as  (listening) instead of  (a government office). The Seoul Metropolitan Government wanted to emphasize the fact that Citizens Hall is a space designed for the municipal government to listen to citizens voices instead of one-way communication from the government to the citizens. It is also an open space that is to be completed through citizens creativity. Commitment to listening and communication is evident in many locations of the hall. The halls exit to subway line 2 features an artwork with bottles that are to be filled with citizens various messages whatever they are. The rear exit of the hall showcases another public artwork featuring a number of umbrellas symbolizing the municipal governments commitment to serving the citizens as their umbrellas. The main entrance welcomes visitors with greetings from the sister cities of Seoul around the world in their own languages. The dedication ceremony was attended by more than 200 people including Mayor Park Won soon, Honorary Vice Mayor Park Jong hwa, several city councilors, and child reporters such as 3rd and 5th graders Gwak Su ho and Park Su min, respectively. Following the ceremony, the mayor himself led a guided tour of the entire hall for hundreds of visitors, which was broadcast on Won soon tv Citizens Hall, Seoul Library, and Sky Plaza are all physically connected, with the same opening and closing hoursWith the opening of Citizens Hall, City Hall, Citizens Hall, Seoul Library, and Sky Plaza are now physically connected. Seoul Library is directly accessible from basement 2 of Citizens Hall. Seoul Library, Sky Plaza, and Citizens Hall have the same opening and closing hours (from 9 to 9) for citizens convenience, and they are all closed on Mondays. On Thursday, January 10, two days prior to the official opening, Citizens Hall was unveiled to the public to introduce a variety of events scheduled for the opening day. An unconventional design concept with atypical space arrangement and punching metals for walls and ceilings, the mobilization of Ten Colors of Seoul Citizens Hall has adopted an unconventional design concept that matches the extraordinary design of the New City Hall. Most of the space is movable, and the ceilings have punching metals as final touches. The Ten Seoul Colors including red, green, and yellow are used for the walls and ceilings to express the increasing diversity of Seoul. The colors make the facility even more pleasant for a wide variety of visitors including children, teens, homemakers, and seniors. Movable walls at Open Lounge, Circular Room, and Event Hall There are quite a few changeable spaces in Citizens Hall. For one, Open Lounge (B1) designed for performances or relaxation can be reconfigured depending on the purpose. Circular Room (B2) can change to a public square depending on the situation. Ideal for lovers vows, coming-of-age ceremonies, and various music performances, Event Hall (B2)) is equipped with an indoor floating stage that is available for photo or video shoots. As a replica of the beautiful space having the same name in the old City Hall, Taepyeong Hall can be used as a policy caf, a Citizens Hall academy, or a venue for a talk concert or a wedding ceremony. Its walls are also movable. Basement 1 of Citizens Hall is open to the public, whereas Basement 2 is largely rental space. Basement 1 houses Gungisi (weapons factory during the Joseon Dynasty) Relics Exhibition Hall, Sound Gallery, Speakers Corner, Floating Cloud Gallery, Media Wall, Fair Trade Store Global Village, Citizens Hall Gallery, City Gallery, Tok Tok Design Shop (Danuri), Souvenir Shop, and Bookstore. Basement 2 features Basrak Hall, Event Hall, Public Square, Workshop Room, and Taepyeong Hall. Wedding Ceremonies, Open Markets, and Concerts all beginning on the opening day In celebration of the opening of the hall, a variety of events were held such as policy caf, open market, concert, speeches at the speakers corner, wedding ceremony, and workshop.At 4 oclock on the opening day (Saturday), a policy caf was held at the Workshop Room (B2). With 50 citizens in attendance, the challenges and directions of Seoul in 2013 were discussed. At 3 oclock on Sunday, the same space hosted A Village for the Elderly, a theatrical performance by citizens to address the issue of the elderly in Seoul as one of the hottest topics in town. From 11 to 5 on Saturday, Citizen Plaza, the largest space in Citizens Hall, housed an open market for various handicrafts made by citizens under the theme Dexterity.Open Lounge (B1) featured a series of diverse small-scale concerts ranging from gospel music, dance, magic, performance art, and poetry reading. Speakers Corner was moved from Cheonggyecheon(Stream) to B1 of the hall, and it will remain open during the operating hours. To celebrate the opening, citizens speeches at the corner were broadcast live on the Internet between one and two oclock on Saturday, January 12. All the speeches at the corner are videotaped to enable the city administration to take appropriate measures. At noon on Saturday, Taepyeong Hall featured the wedding of Kwon Jun myeong and Seo Hyun jin, the first couple to wed at Citizens Hall. The couple got lucky during a public contest in November 2012. 66 wall-mounted monitors call for citizens participation in city administration, with 45 ceiling-mounted monitors presenting the citizens diverse smiles Citizens Hall features a wide variety of exciting video images on 45 and 66 monitors on the ceiling and walls of Basement 1, respectively. Until the end of March 2013, Floating Cloud Gallery (B1) will play a video show titled Your smiles are the flower of Seoul. On the other hand, Media Wall features a show calling for citizens participation, titled The power of a single person changes the world. Have a free family picture taken by a professional, get a framed picture as a gift Citizens Hall Gallery (B1) offers families free photo-taking service by professional photographers. When one agrees to display ones family photo at the gallery, a framed photo is presented as a gift delivered later. Sound Gallery (B1) features Seouls various sounds such as childrens laughter during lunch breaks at school and the sounds of auction at Noryangjin Fish Market. Visitors hear these sounds while walking along a corridor equipped with a surround audio system. Gungisi Relics Exhibition Hall showcases the various historical relics unearthed during the excavation for the construction of the New City Hall. They include building relics, shoreline protection, cannon, and arrowheads. City Gallery (B1) features the history of Seoul, the construction processes of the New City Hall, other interesting stories of Seoul, and the major policies of the Seoul Metropolitan Government. Danuri and Fair Trade Store Global Village: for relaxation, social economy, and community Tok Tok Design Shop (Danuri & Souvenir Shop) and Bookstore on Basement 1 sell a variety of souvenirs, innovative products, and books on stories of Seoul, among others. Catering to youth startups, social enterprises, and small enterprises, Danuri provides marketing support in addition to free store space for the first few months. Souvenir Shop sells artworks by Seoul Art Space member artists, Design Tag products, and various idea products. Near the staircase leading to the basement from the ground floor lobby of the New City Hall is a bookstore stocked with books on stories of Seoul. As a caf serving coffee and cookies, Fair Trade Store Global Village complies with the criteria for fair trade. Information Center (B1) is staffed with four clerks providing information on City Hall, Citizens Hall, and tours of Seoul in four languages: Korean, English, Chinese, and Japanese. The signboard at the Information is also written in four languages. Visitors can join a free combined guided tour of the New City Hall and Citizens Hall led by a registered culture and tour guide. For inquiries, contact: Citizen Communication Officer (Tel. : +82-2-2133-6417)
Because of the worst cold waves, electricity demand has exceeded the all-time record three times this winter, and we are still in the middle of the season. The power reserve margin has now fallen below the 4 million kW mark, and Korea is faced with a power crisis. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has decided to move the lunch break forward by one hour from 12:00~13:00 to 11:00~12:00 for a month to help reduce power consumption during 11:00~12:00 as a peak hour. It is the first measure of such kind by a municipal or a regional government in the country, and other local governments are expected to follow suit. The lunch hour change applies not only to City Hall but to all the district offices of Seoul as well, affecting a total of 40,000 officials across the city. It is valid for a month beginning Friday, January 11 until Friday, February 8 after a two-day trial period on the 9th and 10th of January. According to an official of the Seoul Metropolitan government, by moving the lunch break for a month, the city will be able to reduce power consumption considerably during the peak hour since lots of lights, computers, and heaters are turned off during lunch break. The change is expected to enable conserving up to 18,000kWh or 5.3% of the total power consumption in the city during the period 11:00~12:00. The saved energy is equivalent to the power needed for 600,000 florescent lights. The calculation above is based on power consumption of 200kW for a computer, 300kW for a printer, and 200w for lighting per person. During the month, however, all civil service departments will remain open exactly as they are now. The municipal government has posted the change of lunch break on its website. Meanwhile, Korea had a nationwide blackout drill on Thursday, January 10 for 20 minutes between 10:00~10:20, during which the public voluntarily reduced their energy consumption. Government offices turned off all electrical devices and operated their own generators for emergency lights during that time. For inquiries, contact: Green Energy Department  (Tel. : +82-2-2115-7743)
On the 19th, at 10am, at the 6th floor Mayors Office, Mayor Park listened to feedbacks from residents in the 10th Weekend Date with Residents. This was the first such date in 2013. On this day, Mayor Park covered four agenda items with 10 residents with each item taking about 15-20 minutes.The four agenda items included upgrading of Bokjeong Station facilities proposal for establishment of Seoul Disabled Archery Team proposal for moving to more spacious long-term public rental housing and request by Seoul Architectural Committee for revision of apartment housing design review guidelines.Mayor Park listened attentively to the petitions of the citizens and exchanged ideas with them. The results of the petitions will be made known after discussions with experts and looking into the legal aspects of the proposals. 
In 2013, the provision of kindergarten education subsidies will be expanded from five-year-old children to three-to-five-year-old children regardless of the recipient families household income, thus helping reduce parents childcare costs. Currently, for three to four-year-old children, subsidies are provided only to the lower 70% income families.
In addition, the Seoul Medical Center will secure sufficient nurses and care workers to provide care services for 180 beds, or roughly one quarter of the total of 623 beds, without requiring the constant presence of patients protectors. The volume-rate-based food waste collection system will be implemented in 25 districts, Seoul.
Information on Seoul Metropolitan Governments new administrative services for 2013 is available in the form of pamphlets at district offices, community service centers, and public libraries including Seoul Library, as well as at the Seoul Metropolitan Government website (http://ebook.seoul.go.kr).
In 2013, the Seoul Medical Center will secure sufficient nurses and care workers to provide care services for 180 beds (25% of the total of 623 beds) without requiring the constant presence of patients protectors. Known as the Patient Comfort Hospital, this care service will effectively ease the burden of patients family members. The severity of each patients illness will be diagnosed by the doctors to be assigned to the new caring services.
From January 2013, pets aged three or older, raised at homes and places similar to homes, must be registered with the relevant authorities and assigned a number, which will help locate them more easily in the event they are lost. Pets can be registered with service agencies designated by the governors of district offices by submitting an application along with a fee. Upon registration, pet owners can choose between having a microchip inserted into their pets body or a label attached to it for the purpose of easy identification.
In 2012, ten national essential vaccinations were provided to children aged twelve and under free of charge. In 2013, vaccinations for infant meningitis and pneumonia vaccinations for people aged 65 or older will be made available, boosting the number of free vaccinations to twelve. The former will be provided by public health centers and designated private hospitals, the latter by public health centers.
 KRW 30 million will be awarded to the families of those who die while saving others from danger, and rewards ranging from classes 1 to 9 will be given to those who sustain injuries while helping others.
From 2013, special consolation money will be awarded to those who die or sustain injuries while saving others lives or properties. 118 people will receive such rewards: 50 who sustained injuries will be categorized from class1 and class 9, while the families of 68 people who died will receive KRW 30 million each.
More food items will be added to the list of foods requiring country of origin labeling at restaurants. The list will be expanded from 12 to 16 items, with the addition of mutton (including goat meat), Pollack, mackerel, and hairtail. Furthermore, the country of origin labeling system will apply not only to home-delivery chicken, but also to home-delivery pork items items such as jokbal (pigs feet) and bossam (cabbage wraps with pork).
Diverse new support policies will be implemented for an increasing number of single mothers. The six new support areas include residential, safety, health, job, community, and addressing of inconvenience issues. Exclusive safe houses for single mothers will be constructed, and unmanned home delivery package boxes will be installed to prevent crimes committed by malefactors disguised as delivery men. One-stop real estate services will also be provided to assist with the arrangement of agreements for renting and purchasing houses.
 From January 2013, child welfare facility support costs will be increased to create a better living environment. Individual child welfare support will be increased by 12.3% from KRW 105,131 to KRW 118,157, and KRW 300,000 per person will be provided for the purchase of uniforms for middle and high school freshmen.
In 2013, the green free meal service will be extended from up to middle school first graders to up to middle school second graders. The Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education will increase the budget support for this free service for middle school third graders and high school children from low-income families by 5%, and to this end, five percent more budget in addition to its support size (13% of the budget on average) will be spent.
In November 2011, Seoul launched the subcontract price payment confirmation system for its construction projects. The system was designed to manage and confirm the payment of the citys construction project contract prices and subcontract prices through the partnered banks. In 2013, the system will be upgraded to manage the payment of not only principal contract and subcontract prices but also of construction workers wages and equipment and material prices (hado.eseoul.go.kr). The system is dubbed Daegeum e Baro System.
 The Daegeum e Baro system is an online system to integrate the confirmation and management of all construction subcontract prices. The system, in line with banks, manages the construction price paid by Seoul Metropolitan Government by classifying the price into construction workers wages, equipment price, and material price, and automatically transfers the prices to the principal contractor and subcontractor that have registered with the system.
 From March 2013, according to its rules and enforcement rules, Seoul Metropolitan Government will pay KRW 275,000 per month for two years to young people aged 18  29 to help them get a job with SMEs. Among the latter are those engaged in functional and technical industries and businesses suffering from a manpower shortage, i.e., SMEs with a workforce of 5 to 50 regular workers.
 Provision of information on job seeking, business incubation and job education at the former Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention building
 The comprehensive Young Peoples Job Hub, due to be opened at the former KCDC building, will provide young people with job information including useful information on job seeking, business incubation and education, as well as with mentoring on job seeking and business incubation.
Across 25 districts in Seoul, the fixed fee system, by which food waste can be discarded in large quantities for the payment of single fixed fee, will be replaced by the volume-based charging system under which the fee increases in proportion to the volume of discarded food waste. The volume-based charging system includes exclusive envelopes, payment certificates (chips or stickers), RFID, and volume measurement. Each district can choose one of these methods.
In 2013, the ban on car engine idling will be spread to further areas throughout Seoul, with the aim of reducing gas emissions and noise, and thereby decreasing inconveniences to citizens. In addition, the areas where engine idling has already been prohibited will be managed as major areas where engine idling is banned.
From June 2013, a total wastewater management system will be implemented, under which an allowable wastewater discharge target will be set to control the amount discharged by major water users. Under the current system, factories and other major water users are allowed to discharge wastewater without being regulated, regardless of the volume, if it does not exceed the allowable level of concentration of polluants. However, under the total management system, producers of large volumes of wastewater, such as construction sites, which often discharge wastewater into rivers, must implement methods of reutilizing and recycling wastewater in a drive to reduce their wastewater discharge to below the total allowable level.
From February 23, 2013, new multi-business operators must subscribe to fire insurance, while existing multi-business operators must comply with the law within six months of its taking effect. However, a three-year grace period will be granted to five types of businesses, including fast food and noodle eateries, general eateries with business premises of under 150m2, game businesses, Internet cafes, and game and other combined businesses. (The new law will apply to such businesses from February 23, 2015.)
The speed limit for intra-city buses, introduced in 2013, is set to decrease from 110km/h to 80km/h. The new speed limit will apply to existing buses, manufactured in the period 2007~2012, from the first quarter of 2013. This new limit is designed to prevent speeding by bus drivers with the aim of reducing accidents and lengthening buses service life.
To ease traffic congestion during rush hours, regular-pass buses will be introduced. This system will be introduced to four bus routes including Seongnam-Gangnam Station, Ilsan-Seoul Station, Gangdong-Gangnam Station, and Eunpyeong-Gangnam Station. Fares should be prepaid monthly, and seats will be available with this service.
From February 2013, a warning system will be installed on the rear window of low-floor buses, informing other passengers of disabled people boarding. In particular, this will ease wheelchair users burden of having to be conscious of other passengers because it takes them longer to board buses.
Safe public transport cards will be introduced to prevent them from being used in the event they are lost or stolen. Users can register their transport cards at T-money websites and Customer Centers to prevent others from using them in the event of loss or theft. At the users request, the balance of the money will be refunded at 06:00 the following day.
 Major traditional markets will be added to the Seoul Metropolitan Government Tour Bus route including markets across Seoul and in small-sized business areas. The traditional market route will cover sixteen markets, beginning with Dongdaemun, then traveling to Bangsan Market, Namdaemun Market, Kwangjang Market, and Pyeonghwa Clothing Market. Henceforth, it will take around 70-80 minutes to travel the entire route, thus further exposing foreign travelers to diverse Korean cultures while promoting traditional markets and small-sized shops.
 The countrys first indoor stadium, Jangchung Gymnasium, which was opened fifty years ago in 1963, will undergo remodeling and be reopened as a combined sports and culture venue in October 2013. An auxiliary stadium will also be built to accommodate the increasing number of people engaging in everyday sports as well as to host sports events and competitions. The facilitys seating capacity will be increased and sophisticated acoustic, lighting, and broadcasting equipment will be installed to facilitate the hosting of large cultural performance events such as musicals and concerts.
 Seoul Metropolitan Government will open 775 facilities to the general public during their non-operation time. Under this new service, members of the public will be able to book a space via Seoul Metropolitan Governments Public Service Reservation system (yeyak.seoul.go.kr) for a minimum fee. The spaces will in principle be available on a once-a-day basis.  Increase of the sewerage service fee
 From March 2013, the sewerage service fee will increase by 20% from 2012. Thus, the first-stage home sewerage service fee (0~30m3) will rise from KRW 220 to KRW 260, up KRW 40. The monthly fee for 17m3 for a three-member family will increase from KRW 3,740 to KRW 4,420, up KRW 680.
 From March 2013, the tax on waterworks tax attributable to the causer with regard to large-scale development projects will be rationally assessed according to the principle of payment by the beneficiary. Thus far, although a vast amount of funds has been spent on large-scale development projects, the same tax on waterworks attributable to the causer has been imposed on such projects without considering such costs. Thus, for large-scale development projects, tax imposition and collection regulations will be separately established in order to impose a tax of KRW 327,000 (based on 15mm) on existing water-receiving areas, whereas a higher tax of KRW 864,000 (based on 15mm) will be imposed on large-scale development projects. In addition, for low-income classes, regulations on tax breaks will be newly established to reduce by 50% the tax on waterworks attributable to the causer for households with an area of under 45m2, while basic welfare benefit recipients will be completely exempt from payment of the tax.
 In 2013, for the first time for any municipality, the Civil Human Rights Protection Officer system, under which the human rights of all citizens should be properly protected, will be implemented. Under the existing system, when human rights violations occur, victims of violations are required to file a petition to the National Human Rights Commission of Korea. However, under the new system, victims can apply for a consultation to the Seoul Human Rights Center (2F, new building), where a Civil Human Rights Official will be on duty. The official can not only independently survey human rights violations and advise on corrective recommendations, but also recommend improvement measures concerning human rights policy to Seoul Metropolitan Government.
On December 26, Seoul Metropolitan Government announced 70 new administrative services in seven categories for 2013. In 2013, the provision of kindergarten education subsidies will be expanded from five-year-old children to three-to-five-year-old children regardless of the recipient families household income, thus helping reduce parents childcare costs. Currently, for three to four-year-old children, subsidies are provided only to the lower 70% income families.In addition, the Seoul Medical Center will secure sufficient nurses and care workers to provide care services for 180 beds, or roughly one quarter of the total of 623 beds, without requiring the constant presence of patients protectors. The volume-rate-based food waste collection system will be implemented in 25 districts, Seoul.Information on Seoul Metropolitan Governments new administrative services for 2013 is available in the form of pamphlets at district offices, community service centers, and public libraries including Seoul Library, as well as at the Seoul Metropolitan Government website (http://ebook.seoul.go.kr).
In 2013, the Seoul Medical Center will secure sufficient nurses and care workers to provide care services for 180 beds (25% of the total of 623 beds) without requiring the constant presence of patients protectors. Known as the Patient Comfort Hospital, this care service will effectively ease the burden of patients family members. The severity of each patients illness will be diagnosed by the doctors to be assigned to the new caring services.
From January 2013, pets aged three or older, raised at homes and places similar to homes, must be registered with the relevant authorities and assigned a number, which will help locate them more easily in the event they are lost. Pets can be registered with service agencies designated by the governors of district offices by submitting an application along with a fee. Upon registration, pet owners can choose between having a microchip inserted into their pets body or a label attached to it for the purpose of easy identification.
In 2012, ten national essential vaccinations were provided to children aged twelve and under free of charge. In 2013, vaccinations for infant meningitis and pneumonia vaccinations for people aged 65 or older will be made available, boosting the number of free vaccinations to twelve. The former will be provided by public health centers and designated private hospitals, the latter by public health centers.
 KRW 30 million will be awarded to the families of those who die while saving others from danger, and rewards ranging from classes 1 to 9 will be given to those who sustain injuries while helping others.
From 2013, special consolation money will be awarded to those who die or sustain injuries while saving others lives or properties. 118 people will receive such rewards: 50 who sustained injuries will be categorized from class1 and class 9, while the families of 68 people who died will receive KRW 30 million each.
More food items will be added to the list of foods requiring country of origin labeling at restaurants. The list will be expanded from 12 to 16 items, with the addition of mutton (including goat meat), Pollack, mackerel, and hairtail. Furthermore, the country of origin labeling system will apply not only to home-delivery chicken, but also to home-delivery pork items items such as jokbal (pigs feet) and bossam (cabbage wraps with pork).
Diverse new support policies will be implemented for an increasing number of single mothers. The six new support areas include residential, safety, health, job, community, and addressing of inconvenience issues. Exclusive safe houses for single mothers will be constructed, and unmanned home delivery package boxes will be installed to prevent crimes committed by malefactors disguised as delivery men. One-stop real estate services will also be provided to assist with the arrangement of agreements for renting and purchasing houses.
 From January 2013, child welfare facility support costs will be increased to create a better living environment. Individual child welfare support will be increased by 12.3% from KRW 105,131 to KRW 118,157, and KRW 300,000 per person will be provided for the purchase of uniforms for middle and high school freshmen.
In 2013, the green free meal service will be extended from up to middle school first graders to up to middle school second graders. The Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education will increase the budget support for this free service for middle school third graders and high school children from low-income families by 5%, and to this end, five percent more budget in addition to its support size (13% of the budget on average) will be spent.
 In 2013, the financial support for learning materials will be increased from KRW 30,000 to KRW 35,000 per elementary school child. This will ease parents financial and psychological burden, and enhance the quality of public education.
 Managing the payment of not only principal contract and subcontract price, but also of construction workers wages, and equipment and material price
In November 2011, Seoul launched the subcontract price payment confirmation system for its construction projects. The system was designed to manage and confirm the payment of the citys construction project contract prices and subcontract prices through the partnered banks. In 2013, the system will be upgraded to manage the payment of not only principal contract and subcontract prices but also of construction workers wages and equipment and material prices (hado.eseoul.go.kr). The system is dubbed Daegeum e Baro System.
 The Daegeum e Baro system is an online system to integrate the confirmation and management of all construction subcontract prices. The system, in line with banks, manages the construction price paid by Seoul Metropolitan Government by classifying the price into construction workers wages, equipment price, and material price, and automatically transfers the prices to the principal contractor and subcontractor that have registered with the system.
 From March 2013, according to its rules and enforcement rules, Seoul Metropolitan Government will pay KRW 275,000 per month for two years to young people aged 18  29 to help them get a job with SMEs. Among the latter are those engaged in functional and technical industries and businesses suffering from a manpower shortage, i.e., SMEs with a workforce of 5 to 50 regular workers.
 Provision of information on job seeking, business incubation and job education at the former Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention building
 The comprehensive Young Peoples Job Hub, due to be opened at the former KCDC building, will provide young people with job information including useful information on job seeking, business incubation and education, as well as with mentoring on job seeking and business incubation.
 The fixed fee system will be replaced by the volume-based charging system, under which the fee charged increases in proportion to the volume of food waste discarded.
Across 25 districts in Seoul, the fixed fee system, by which food waste can be discarded in large quantities for the payment of single fixed fee, will be replaced by the volume-based charging system under which the fee increases in proportion to the volume of discarded food waste. The volume-based charging system includes exclusive envelopes, payment certificates (chips or stickers), RFID, and volume measurement. Each district can choose one of these methods.
In 2013, the ban on car engine idling will be spread to further areas throughout Seoul, with the aim of reducing gas emissions and noise, and thereby decreasing inconveniences to citizens. In addition, the areas where engine idling has already been prohibited will be managed as major areas where engine idling is banned.
 Total water pollution management system of the Hangang River
 Managing the total wastewater discharge goal of mass wastewater producers like construction sites
From June 2013, a total wastewater management system will be implemented, under which an allowable wastewater discharge target will be set to control the amount discharged by major water users. Under the current system, factories and other major water users are allowed to discharge wastewater without being regulated, regardless of the volume, if it does not exceed the allowable level of concentration of polluants. However, under the total management system, producers of large volumes of wastewater, such as construction sites, which often discharge wastewater into rivers, must implement methods of reutilizing and recycling wastewater in a drive to reduce their wastewater discharge to below the total allowable level.
 Multi-business operators to be required to subscribe to fire insurance
 Applicable from February 23 for new operators existing operators must comply with the law within six months of its implementation.
From February 23, 2013, new multi-business operators must subscribe to fire insurance, while existing multi-business operators must comply with the law within six months of its taking effect. However, a three-year grace period will be granted to five types of businesses, including fast food and noodle eateries, general eateries with business premises of under 150m2, game businesses, Internet cafes, and game and other combined businesses. (The new law will apply to such businesses from February 23, 2015.)
The speed limit for intra-city buses, introduced in 2013, is set to decrease from 110km/h to 80km/h. The new speed limit will apply to existing buses, manufactured in the period 2007~2012, from the first quarter of 2013. This new limit is designed to prevent speeding by bus drivers with the aim of reducing accidents and lengthening buses service life.
 Introduction of new prepaid fare system for four bus routes, including Seongnam-Gangnam Station and Ilsan  Seoul Station.
To ease traffic congestion during rush hours, regular-pass buses will be introduced. This system will be introduced to four bus routes including Seongnam-Gangnam Station, Ilsan-Seoul Station, Gangdong-Gangnam Station, and Eunpyeong-Gangnam Station. Fares should be prepaid monthly, and seats will be available with this service.
 Low-floor buses to be equipped with a boarding altering system for disabled people
 From February, a warning system will be installed on the rear window of low-floor buses, informing other passengers of disabled people boarding.
From February 2013, a warning system will be installed on the rear window of low-floor buses, informing other passengers of disabled people boarding. In particular, this will ease wheelchair users burden of having to be conscious of other passengers because it takes them longer to board buses.
 Registration of transport cards to prevent others from using them in the event of loss or theft
Safe public transport cards will be introduced to prevent them from being used in the event they are lost or stolen. Users can register their transport cards at T-money websites and Customer Centers to prevent others from using them in the event of loss or theft. At the users request, the balance of the money will be refunded at 06:00 the following day.
 Major traditional markets will be added to the Seoul Metropolitan Government Tour Bus route including markets across Seoul and in small-sized business areas. The traditional market route will cover sixteen markets, beginning with Dongdaemun, then traveling to Bangsan Market, Namdaemun Market, Kwangjang Market, and Pyeonghwa Clothing Market. Henceforth, it will take around 70-80 minutes to travel the entire route, thus further exposing foreign travelers to diverse Korean cultures while promoting traditional markets and small-sized shops.
 Reopening of Seoul Jangchung Gymnasium
 Jangchung Gymnasium, originally opened in 1963, to undergo remodeling and the construction of an auxiliary stadium, etc.
 The countrys first indoor stadium, Jangchung Gymnasium, which was opened fifty years ago in 1963, will undergo remodeling and be reopened as a combined sports and culture venue in October 2013. An auxiliary stadium will also be built to accommodate the increasing number of people engaging in everyday sports as well as to host sports events and competitions. The facilitys seating capacity will be increased and sophisticated acoustic, lighting, and broadcasting equipment will be installed to facilitate the hosting of large cultural performance events such as musicals and concerts.
 Opening of idle public facility spaces to the public  Opening of 775 idle public facility spaces to the general public by reservation for minimum charge
 Seoul Metropolitan Government will open 775 facilities to the general public during their non-operation time. Under this new service, members of the public will be able to book a space via Seoul Metropolitan Governments Public Service Reservation system (yeyak.seoul.go.kr) for a minimum fee. The spaces will in principle be available on a once-a-day basis.  Increase of the sewerage service fee
 Fee set to increase by over 20% from 2012 first-stage home fee to rise from KRW 220 to KRW 260
 From March 2013, the sewerage service fee will increase by 20% from 2012. Thus, the first-stage home sewerage service fee (0~30m3) will rise from KRW 220 to KRW 260, up KRW 40. The monthly fee for 17m3 for a three-member family will increase from KRW 3,740 to KRW 4,420, up KRW 680.
 Improving the tax on waterworks attributable to the causer
 Implementing a higher tax of KRW 864,000 on large-scale development projects, lowering the tax for the low-income class by 50%
 From March 2013, the tax on waterworks tax attributable to the causer with regard to large-scale development projects will be rationally assessed according to the principle of payment by the beneficiary. Thus far, although a vast amount of funds has been spent on large-scale development projects, the same tax on waterworks attributable to the causer has been imposed on such projects without considering such costs. Thus, for large-scale development projects, tax imposition and collection regulations will be separately established in order to impose a tax of KRW 327,000 (based on 15mm) on existing water-receiving areas, whereas a higher tax of KRW 864,000 (based on 15mm) will be imposed on large-scale development projects. In addition, for low-income classes, regulations on tax breaks will be newly established to reduce by 50% the tax on waterworks attributable to the causer for households with an area of under 45m2, while basic welfare benefit recipients will be completely exempt from payment of the tax.
 Public parking areas to charge fee every five minutes
 Fee of KRW 1,000 per ten minutes set to change to KRW 500 per five minutes, lessening the users burden.
 The current charge for parking in first-class public areas will be modified from KRW 1,000 per ten minutes to KRW 500 every five minutes to lessen car users financial burden.
 Civil human rights protection officer system
 The first for a municipality, Seoul Human Rights Center handles human rights intrusions
 In 2013, for the first time for any municipality, the Civil Human Rights Protection Officer system, under which the human rights of all citizens should be properly protected, will be implemented. Under the existing system, when human rights violations occur, victims of violations are required to file a petition to the National Human Rights Commission of Korea. However, under the new system, victims can apply for a consultation to the Seoul Human Rights Center (2F, new building), where a Civil Human Rights Official will be on duty. The official can not only independently survey human rights violations and advise on corrective recommendations, but also recommend improvement measures concerning human rights policy to Seoul Metropolitan Government.
Seoul Metropolitan Governments New Administrative Services for 2013
Welfare and Health  Patient Comfort Hospital System
 Seoul Medical Center provides care services for 180 beds, one quarter of the total
In 2013, the Seoul Medical Center will secure sufficient nurses and care workers to provide care services for 180 beds (25% of the total of 623 beds) without requiring the constant presence of patients protectors. Known as the Patient Comfort Hospital, this care service will effectively ease the burden of patients family members. The severity of each patients illness will be diagnosed by the doctors to be assigned to the new caring services. Pet Registration
 Numbers to be assigned to pets aged three months or older under new pet registration scheme
From January 2013, pets aged three or older, raised at homes and places similar to homes, must be registered with the relevant authorities and assigned a number, which will help locate them more easily in the event they are lost. Pets can be registered with service agencies designated by the governors of district offices by submitting an application along with a fee. Upon registration, pet owners can choose between having a microchip inserted into their pets body or a label attached to it for the purpose of easy identification. Bolstering of vaccination
 Twelve free vaccinations available, including meningitis vaccine for infants and pneumonia treatment for people aged 65 or older
In 2012, ten national essential vaccinations were provided to children aged twelve and under free of charge. In 2013, vaccinations for infant meningitis and pneumonia vaccinations for people aged 65 or older will be made available, boosting the number of free vaccinations to twelve. The former will be provided by public health centers and designated private hospitals, the latter by public health centers. Special rewards for innocent helpers for their sacrifice
 KRW 30 million will be awarded to the families of those who die while saving others from danger, and rewards ranging from classes 1 to 9 will be given to those who sustain injuries while helping others.
From 2013, special consolation money will be awarded to those who die or sustain injuries while saving others lives or properties. 118 people will receive such rewards: 50 who sustained injuries will be categorized from class1 and class 9, while the families of 68 people who died will receive KRW 30 million each. Extension of country of origin food labeling at restaurants
 Mutton (including goat meat), pollack, mackerel and hairtail to be added to existing twelve items
More food items will be added to the list of foods requiring country of origin labeling at restaurants. The list will be expanded from 12 to 16 items, with the addition of mutton (including goat meat), Pollack, mackerel, and hairtail. Furthermore, the country of origin labeling system will apply not only to home-delivery chicken, but also to home-delivery pork items items such as jokbal (pigs feet) and bossam (cabbage wraps with pork).
 Six support areas, including the construction of exclusive safe houses, unmanned home delivery package boxes, and a one-stop real estate service
Diverse new support policies will be implemented for an increasing number of single mothers. The six new support areas include residential, safety, health, job, community, and addressing of inconvenience issues. Exclusive safe houses for single mothers will be constructed, and unmanned home delivery package boxes will be installed to prevent crimes committed by malefactors disguised as delivery men. One-stop real estate services will also be provided to assist with the arrangement of agreements for renting and purchasing houses.
 A preschooler subsidy of KRW 222,000 per month is provided for three-to-five-year-old children
The preschooler education subsidy will be expanded from five-year-old children to three-to-five-year -old children from March 2013. The subsidy is set to be increased from KRW 200,000 a month to KRW 220,000.
 Child welfare facility support to be increased by 12.3% KRW 300,000 in support available for middle and high school freshmens uniform purchase
 From January 2013, child welfare facility support costs will be increased to create a better living environment. Individual child welfare support will be increased by 12.3% from KRW 105,131 to KRW 118,157, and KRW 300,000 per person will be provided for the purchase of uniforms for middle and high school freshmen.
 Five percent increase in budget support for middle school third graders and high school children from low-income homes
In 2013, the green free meal service will be extended from up to middle school first graders to up to middle school second graders. The Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education will increase the budget support for this free service for middle school third graders and high school children from low-income families by 5%, and to this end, five percent more budget in addition to its support size (13% of the budget on average) will be spent.
 Support set to increase from KRW 30,000 to KRW 35,000 per elementary school child
 In 2013, the financial support for learning materials will be increased from KRW 30,000 to KRW 35,000 per elementary school child. This will ease parents financial and psychological burden, and enhance the quality of public education.
In November 2011, Seoul launched the subcontract price payment confirmation system for its construction projects. The system was designed to manage and confirm the payment of the citys construction project contract prices and subcontract prices through the partnered banks. In 2013, the system will be upgraded to manage the payment of not only principal contract and subcontract prices but also of construction workers wages and equipment and material prices (hado.eseoul.go.kr). The system is dubbed Daegeum e Baro System.
 The Daegeum e Baro system is an online system to integrate the confirmation and management of all construction subcontract prices. The system, in line with banks, manages the construction price paid by Seoul Metropolitan Government by classifying the price into construction workers wages, equipment price, and material price, and automatically transfers the prices to the principal contractor and subcontractor that have registered with the system.
 Support for young peoples employment with small and medium enterprises (SMEs)
 Payment of KRW 275,000 per month for two years to help young people aged 18  29 find a job with SMEs
 From March 2013, according to its rules and enforcement rules, Seoul Metropolitan Government will pay KRW 275,000 per month for two years to young people aged 18  29 to help them get a job with SMEs. Among the latter are those engaged in functional and technical industries and businesses suffering from a manpower shortage, i.e., SMEs with a workforce of 5 to 50 regular workers.
 Provision of information on job seeking, business incubation and job education at the former Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention building
 The comprehensive Young Peoples Job Hub, due to be opened at the former KCDC building, will provide young people with job information including useful information on job seeking, business incubation and education, as well as with mentoring on job seeking and business incubation.
 The fixed fee system will be replaced by the volume-based charging system, under which the fee charged increases in proportion to the volume of food waste discarded.
Across 25 districts in Seoul, the fixed fee system, by which food waste can be discarded in large quantities for the payment of single fixed fee, will be replaced by the volume-based charging system under which the fee increases in proportion to the volume of discarded food waste. The volume-based charging system includes exclusive envelopes, payment certificates (chips or stickers), RFID, and volume measurement. Each district can choose one of these methods.
 Existing areas where car engine idling is banned will be managed as major areas banned for engine idling areas
In 2013, the ban on car engine idling will be spread to further areas throughout Seoul, with the aim of reducing gas emissions and noise, and thereby decreasing inconveniences to citizens. In addition, the areas where engine idling has already been prohibited will be managed as major areas where engine idling is banned.
 Managing the total wastewater discharge goal of mass wastewater producers like construction sites
From June 2013, a total wastewater management system will be implemented, under which an allowable wastewater discharge target will be set to control the amount discharged by major water users. Under the current system, factories and other major water users are allowed to discharge wastewater without being regulated, regardless of the volume, if it does not exceed the allowable level of concentration of polluants. However, under the total management system, producers of large volumes of wastewater, such as construction sites, which often discharge wastewater into rivers, must implement methods of reutilizing and recycling wastewater in a drive to reduce their wastewater discharge to below the total allowable level.
 Multi-business operators to be required to subscribe to fire insurance
 Applicable from February 23 for new operators existing operators must comply with the law within six months of its implementation.
From February 23, 2013, new multi-business operators must subscribe to fire insurance, while existing multi-business operators must comply with the law within six months of its taking effect. However, a three-year grace period will be granted to five types of businesses, including fast food and noodle eateries, general eateries with business premises of under 150m2, game businesses, Internet cafes, and game and other combined businesses. (The new law will apply to such businesses from February 23, 2015.)
The speed limit for intra-city buses, introduced in 2013, is set to decrease from 110km/h to 80km/h. The new speed limit will apply to existing buses, manufactured in the period 2007~2012, from the first quarter of 2013. This new limit is designed to prevent speeding by bus drivers with the aim of reducing accidents and lengthening buses service life.
 Operation of regular-pass buses
 Introduction of new prepaid fare system for four bus routes, including Seongnam-Gangnam Station and Ilsan  Seoul Station.
To ease traffic congestion during rush hours, regular-pass buses will be introduced. This system will be introduced to four bus routes including Seongnam-Gangnam Station, Ilsan-Seoul Station, Gangdong-Gangnam Station, and Eunpyeong-Gangnam Station. Fares should be prepaid monthly, and seats will be available with this service.
 Low-floor buses to be equipped with a boarding altering system for disabled people
 From February, a warning system will be installed on the rear window of low-floor buses, informing other passengers of disabled people boarding.
From February 2013, a warning system will be installed on the rear window of low-floor buses, informing other passengers of disabled people boarding. In particular, this will ease wheelchair users burden of having to be conscious of other passengers because it takes them longer to board buses.
 Loss and stealth-protective transport cards
 Registration of transport cards to prevent others from using them in the event of loss or theft
Safe public transport cards will be introduced to prevent them from being used in the event they are lost or stolen. Users can register their transport cards at T-money websites and Customer Centers to prevent others from using them in the event of loss or theft. At the users request, the balance of the money will be refunded at 06:00 the following day.
 Traditional markets added to Seoul Metropolitan Government Tour Bus destinations
 Stops scheduled at sixteen traditional markets including Dongdaemun, Bangsan Market, Namdaemun Market, Kwangjang Market and Pyeonghwa Clothing Market
 Major traditional markets will be added to the Seoul Metropolitan Government Tour Bus route including markets across Seoul and in small-sized business areas. The traditional market route will cover sixteen markets, beginning with Dongdaemun, then traveling to Bangsan Market, Namdaemun Market, Kwangjang Market, and Pyeonghwa Clothing Market. Henceforth, it will take around 70-80 minutes to travel the entire route, thus further exposing foreign travelers to diverse Korean cultures while promoting traditional markets and small-sized shops.
 Jangchung Gymnasium, originally opened in 1963, to undergo remodeling and the construction of an auxiliary stadium, etc.
 The countrys first indoor stadium, Jangchung Gymnasium, which was opened fifty years ago in 1963, will undergo remodeling and be reopened as a combined sports and culture venue in October 2013. An auxiliary stadium will also be built to accommodate the increasing number of people engaging in everyday sports as well as to host sports events and competitions. The facilitys seating capacity will be increased and sophisticated acoustic, lighting, and broadcasting equipment will be installed to facilitate the hosting of large cultural performance events such as musicals and concerts.
 Opening of idle public facility spaces to the public  Opening of 775 idle public facility spaces to the general public by reservation for minimum charge
 Seoul Metropolitan Government will open 775 facilities to the general public during their non-operation time. Under this new service, members of the public will be able to book a space via Seoul Metropolitan Governments Public Service Reservation system (yeyak.seoul.go.kr) for a minimum fee. The spaces will in principle be available on a once-a-day basis.  Increase of the sewerage service fee
 Fee set to increase by over 20% from 2012 first-stage home fee to rise from KRW 220 to KRW 260
 From March 2013, the sewerage service fee will increase by 20% from 2012. Thus, the first-stage home sewerage service fee (0~30m3) will rise from KRW 220 to KRW 260, up KRW 40. The monthly fee for 17m3 for a three-member family will increase from KRW 3,740 to KRW 4,420, up KRW 680.
 Improving the tax on waterworks attributable to the causer
 Implementing a higher tax of KRW 864,000 on large-scale development projects, lowering the tax for the low-income class by 50%
 From March 2013, the tax on waterworks tax attributable to the causer with regard to large-scale development projects will be rationally assessed according to the principle of payment by the beneficiary. Thus far, although a vast amount of funds has been spent on large-scale development projects, the same tax on waterworks attributable to the causer has been imposed on such projects without considering such costs. Thus, for large-scale development projects, tax imposition and collection regulations will be separately established in order to impose a tax of KRW 327,000 (based on 15mm) on existing water-receiving areas, whereas a higher tax of KRW 864,000 (based on 15mm) will be imposed on large-scale development projects. In addition, for low-income classes, regulations on tax breaks will be newly established to reduce by 50% the tax on waterworks attributable to the causer for households with an area of under 45m2, while basic welfare benefit recipients will be completely exempt from payment of the tax.
 Public parking areas to charge fee every five minutes
 Fee of KRW 1,000 per ten minutes set to change to KRW 500 per five minutes, lessening the users burden.
 The current charge for parking in first-class public areas will be modified from KRW 1,000 per ten minutes to KRW 500 every five minutes to lessen car users financial burden.
 Civil human rights protection officer system
 The first for a municipality, Seoul Human Rights Center handles human rights intrusions
 In 2013, for the first time for any municipality, the Civil Human Rights Protection Officer system, under which the human rights of all citizens should be properly protected, will be implemented. Under the existing system, when human rights violations occur, victims of violations are required to file a petition to the National Human Rights Commission of Korea. However, under the new system, victims can apply for a consultation to the Seoul Human Rights Center (2F, new building), where a Civil Human Rights Official will be on duty. The official can not only independently survey human rights violations and advise on corrective recommendations, but also recommend improvement measures concerning human rights policy to Seoul Metropolitan Government.
Women, Family and Education  Support for single mothers
 Six support areas, including the construction of exclusive safe houses, unmanned home delivery package boxes, and a one-stop real estate service
Diverse new support policies will be implemented for an increasing number of single mothers. The six new support areas include residential, safety, health, job, community, and addressing of inconvenience issues. Exclusive safe houses for single mothers will be constructed, and unmanned home delivery package boxes will be installed to prevent crimes committed by malefactors disguised as delivery men. One-stop real estate services will also be provided to assist with the arrangement of agreements for renting and purchasing houses. Promotion of the Nuri course
 A preschooler subsidy of KRW 222,000 per month is provided for three-to-five-year-old children
The preschooler education subsidy will be expanded from five-year-old children to three-to-five-year -old children from March 2013. The subsidy is set to be increased from KRW 200,000 a month to KRW 220,000. Expansion of support for child welfare facilities
 Child welfare facility support to be increased by 12.3% KRW 300,000 in support available for middle and high school freshmens uniform purchase
 From January 2013, child welfare facility support costs will be increased to create a better living environment. Individual child welfare support will be increased by 12.3% from KRW 105,131 to KRW 118,157, and KRW 300,000 per person will be provided for the purchase of uniforms for middle and high school freshmen. Expansion of green free meal services to middle school second graders
 Five percent increase in budget support for middle school third graders and high school children from low-income homes
In 2013, the green free meal service will be extended from up to middle school first graders to up to middle school second graders. The Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education will increase the budget support for this free service for middle school third graders and high school children from low-income families by 5%, and to this end, five percent more budget in addition to its support size (13% of the budget on average) will be spent. Expansion of support for learning materials
 Support set to increase from KRW 30,000 to KRW 35,000 per elementary school child
 In 2013, the financial support for learning materials will be increased from KRW 30,000 to KRW 35,000 per elementary school child. This will ease parents financial and psychological burden, and enhance the quality of public education.
 Daegeum e Baro Construction Contract Price Payment System
 Managing the payment of not only principal contract and subcontract price, but also of construction workers wages, and equipment and material price
In November 2011, Seoul launched the subcontract price payment confirmation system for its construction projects. The system was designed to manage and confirm the payment of the citys construction project contract prices and subcontract prices through the partnered banks. In 2013, the system will be upgraded to manage the payment of not only principal contract and subcontract prices but also of construction workers wages and equipment and material prices (hado.eseoul.go.kr). The system is dubbed Daegeum e Baro System.
 The Daegeum e Baro system is an online system to integrate the confirmation and management of all construction subcontract prices. The system, in line with banks, manages the construction price paid by Seoul Metropolitan Government by classifying the price into construction workers wages, equipment price, and material price, and automatically transfers the prices to the principal contractor and subcontractor that have registered with the system.
 Support for young peoples employment with small and medium enterprises (SMEs)
 Payment of KRW 275,000 per month for two years to help young people aged 18  29 find a job with SMEs
 From March 2013, according to its rules and enforcement rules, Seoul Metropolitan Government will pay KRW 275,000 per month for two years to young people aged 18  29 to help them get a job with SMEs. Among the latter are those engaged in functional and technical industries and businesses suffering from a manpower shortage, i.e., SMEs with a workforce of 5 to 50 regular workers.
Seoul Opens Young Peoples Job Hub
 Provision of information on job seeking, business incubation and job education at the former Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention building
 The comprehensive Young Peoples Job Hub, due to be opened at the former KCDC building, will provide young people with job information including useful information on job seeking, business incubation and education, as well as with mentoring on job seeking and business incubation.
 The fixed fee system will be replaced by the volume-based charging system, under which the fee charged increases in proportion to the volume of food waste discarded.
Across 25 districts in Seoul, the fixed fee system, by which food waste can be discarded in large quantities for the payment of single fixed fee, will be replaced by the volume-based charging system under which the fee increases in proportion to the volume of discarded food waste. The volume-based charging system includes exclusive envelopes, payment certificates (chips or stickers), RFID, and volume measurement. Each district can choose one of these methods.
 Extension of ban on car engine idling across Seoul
 Existing areas where car engine idling is banned will be managed as major areas banned for engine idling areas
In 2013, the ban on car engine idling will be spread to further areas throughout Seoul, with the aim of reducing gas emissions and noise, and thereby decreasing inconveniences to citizens. In addition, the areas where engine idling has already been prohibited will be managed as major areas where engine idling is banned.
 Total water pollution management system of the Hangang River
 Managing the total wastewater discharge goal of mass wastewater producers like construction sites
From June 2013, a total wastewater management system will be implemented, under which an allowable wastewater discharge target will be set to control the amount discharged by major water users. Under the current system, factories and other major water users are allowed to discharge wastewater without being regulated, regardless of the volume, if it does not exceed the allowable level of concentration of polluants. However, under the total management system, producers of large volumes of wastewater, such as construction sites, which often discharge wastewater into rivers, must implement methods of reutilizing and recycling wastewater in a drive to reduce their wastewater discharge to below the total allowable level.
 Multi-business operators to be required to subscribe to fire insurance
 Applicable from February 23 for new operators existing operators must comply with the law within six months of its implementation.
From February 23, 2013, new multi-business operators must subscribe to fire insurance, while existing multi-business operators must comply with the law within six months of its taking effect. However, a three-year grace period will be granted to five types of businesses, including fast food and noodle eateries, general eateries with business premises of under 150m2, game businesses, Internet cafes, and game and other combined businesses. (The new law will apply to such businesses from February 23, 2015.)
The speed limit for intra-city buses, introduced in 2013, is set to decrease from 110km/h to 80km/h. The new speed limit will apply to existing buses, manufactured in the period 2007~2012, from the first quarter of 2013. This new limit is designed to prevent speeding by bus drivers with the aim of reducing accidents and lengthening buses service life.
 Operation of regular-pass buses
 Introduction of new prepaid fare system for four bus routes, including Seongnam-Gangnam Station and Ilsan  Seoul Station.
To ease traffic congestion during rush hours, regular-pass buses will be introduced. This system will be introduced to four bus routes including Seongnam-Gangnam Station, Ilsan-Seoul Station, Gangdong-Gangnam Station, and Eunpyeong-Gangnam Station. Fares should be prepaid monthly, and seats will be available with this service.
 Low-floor buses to be equipped with a boarding altering system for disabled people
 From February, a warning system will be installed on the rear window of low-floor buses, informing other passengers of disabled people boarding.
From February 2013, a warning system will be installed on the rear window of low-floor buses, informing other passengers of disabled people boarding. In particular, this will ease wheelchair users burden of having to be conscious of other passengers because it takes them longer to board buses.
 Loss and stealth-protective transport cards
 Registration of transport cards to prevent others from using them in the event of loss or theft
Safe public transport cards will be introduced to prevent them from being used in the event they are lost or stolen. Users can register their transport cards at T-money websites and Customer Centers to prevent others from using them in the event of loss or theft. At the users request, the balance of the money will be refunded at 06:00 the following day.
 Traditional markets added to Seoul Metropolitan Government Tour Bus destinations
 Stops scheduled at sixteen traditional markets including Dongdaemun, Bangsan Market, Namdaemun Market, Kwangjang Market and Pyeonghwa Clothing Market
 Major traditional markets will be added to the Seoul Metropolitan Government Tour Bus route including markets across Seoul and in small-sized business areas. The traditional market route will cover sixteen markets, beginning with Dongdaemun, then traveling to Bangsan Market, Namdaemun Market, Kwangjang Market, and Pyeonghwa Clothing Market. Henceforth, it will take around 70-80 minutes to travel the entire route, thus further exposing foreign travelers to diverse Korean cultures while promoting traditional markets and small-sized shops.
 Reopening of Seoul Jangchung Gymnasium
 Jangchung Gymnasium, originally opened in 1963, to undergo remodeling and the construction of an auxiliary stadium, etc.
 The countrys first indoor stadium, Jangchung Gymnasium, which was opened fifty years ago in 1963, will undergo remodeling and be reopened as a combined sports and culture venue in October 2013. An auxiliary stadium will also be built to accommodate the increasing number of people engaging in everyday sports as well as to host sports events and competitions. The facilitys seating capacity will be increased and sophisticated acoustic, lighting, and broadcasting equipment will be installed to facilitate the hosting of large cultural performance events such as musicals and concerts.
 Opening of idle public facility spaces to the public  Opening of 775 idle public facility spaces to the general public by reservation for minimum charge
 Seoul Metropolitan Government will open 775 facilities to the general public during their non-operation time. Under this new service, members of the public will be able to book a space via Seoul Metropolitan Governments Public Service Reservation system (yeyak.seoul.go.kr) for a minimum fee. The spaces will in principle be available on a once-a-day basis.  Increase of the sewerage service fee
 Fee set to increase by over 20% from 2012 first-stage home fee to rise from KRW 220 to KRW 260
 From March 2013, the sewerage service fee will increase by 20% from 2012. Thus, the first-stage home sewerage service fee (0~30m3) will rise from KRW 220 to KRW 260, up KRW 40. The monthly fee for 17m3 for a three-member family will increase from KRW 3,740 to KRW 4,420, up KRW 680.
 Improving the tax on waterworks attributable to the causer
 Implementing a higher tax of KRW 864,000 on large-scale development projects, lowering the tax for the low-income class by 50%
 From March 2013, the tax on waterworks tax attributable to the causer with regard to large-scale development projects will be rationally assessed according to the principle of payment by the beneficiary. Thus far, although a vast amount of funds has been spent on large-scale development projects, the same tax on waterworks attributable to the causer has been imposed on such projects without considering such costs. Thus, for large-scale development projects, tax imposition and collection regulations will be separately established in order to impose a tax of KRW 327,000 (based on 15mm) on existing water-receiving areas, whereas a higher tax of KRW 864,000 (based on 15mm) will be imposed on large-scale development projects. In addition, for low-income classes, regulations on tax breaks will be newly established to reduce by 50% the tax on waterworks attributable to the causer for households with an area of under 45m2, while basic welfare benefit recipients will be completely exempt from payment of the tax.
 Public parking areas to charge fee every five minutes
 Fee of KRW 1,000 per ten minutes set to change to KRW 500 per five minutes, lessening the users burden.
 The current charge for parking in first-class public areas will be modified from KRW 1,000 per ten minutes to KRW 500 every five minutes to lessen car users financial burden.
 Civil human rights protection officer system
 The first for a municipality, Seoul Human Rights Center handles human rights intrusions
 In 2013, for the first time for any municipality, the Civil Human Rights Protection Officer system, under which the human rights of all citizens should be properly protected, will be implemented. Under the existing system, when human rights violations occur, victims of violations are required to file a petition to the National Human Rights Commission of Korea. However, under the new system, victims can apply for a consultation to the Seoul Human Rights Center (2F, new building), where a Civil Human Rights Official will be on duty. The official can not only independently survey human rights violations and advise on corrective recommendations, but also recommend improvement measures concerning human rights policy to Seoul Metropolitan Government.
Economy and Jobs  Daegeum e Baro Construction Contract Price Payment System
 Managing the payment of not only principal contract and subcontract price, but also of construction workers wages, and equipment and material price
In November 2011, Seoul launched the subcontract price payment confirmation system for its construction projects. The system was designed to manage and confirm the payment of the citys construction project contract prices and subcontract prices through the partnered banks. In 2013, the system will be upgraded to manage the payment of not only principal contract and subcontract prices but also of construction workers wages and equipment and material prices (hado.eseoul.go.kr). The system is dubbed Daegeum e Baro System.
 The Daegeum e Baro system is an online system to integrate the confirmation and management of all construction subcontract prices. The system, in line with banks, manages the construction price paid by Seoul Metropolitan Government by classifying the price into construction workers wages, equipment price, and material price, and automatically transfers the prices to the principal contractor and subcontractor that have registered with the system. Support for young peoples employment with small and medium enterprises (SMEs)
 Payment of KRW 275,000 per month for two years to help young people aged 18  29 find a job with SMEs
 From March 2013, according to its rules and enforcement rules, Seoul Metropolitan Government will pay KRW 275,000 per month for two years to young people aged 18  29 to help them get a job with SMEs. Among the latter are those engaged in functional and technical industries and businesses suffering from a manpower shortage, i.e., SMEs with a workforce of 5 to 50 regular workers.Seoul Opens Young Peoples Job Hub
 Provision of information on job seeking, business incubation and job education at the former Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention building
 The comprehensive Young Peoples Job Hub, due to be opened at the former KCDC building, will provide young people with job information including useful information on job seeking, business incubation and education, as well as with mentoring on job seeking and business incubation.
 The fixed fee system will be replaced by the volume-based charging system, under which the fee charged increases in proportion to the volume of food waste discarded.
Across 25 districts in Seoul, the fixed fee system, by which food waste can be discarded in large quantities for the payment of single fixed fee, will be replaced by the volume-based charging system under which the fee increases in proportion to the volume of discarded food waste. The volume-based charging system includes exclusive envelopes, payment certificates (chips or stickers), RFID, and volume measurement. Each district can choose one of these methods.
 Extension of ban on car engine idling across Seoul
 Existing areas where car engine idling is banned will be managed as major areas banned for engine idling areas
In 2013, the ban on car engine idling will be spread to further areas throughout Seoul, with the aim of reducing gas emissions and noise, and thereby decreasing inconveniences to citizens. In addition, the areas where engine idling has already been prohibited will be managed as major areas where engine idling is banned.
 Total water pollution management system of the Hangang River
 Managing the total wastewater discharge goal of mass wastewater producers like construction sites
From June 2013, a total wastewater management system will be implemented, under which an allowable wastewater discharge target will be set to control the amount discharged by major water users. Under the current system, factories and other major water users are allowed to discharge wastewater without being regulated, regardless of the volume, if it does not exceed the allowable level of concentration of polluants. However, under the total management system, producers of large volumes of wastewater, such as construction sites, which often discharge wastewater into rivers, must implement methods of reutilizing and recycling wastewater in a drive to reduce their wastewater discharge to below the total allowable level.
 Multi-business operators to be required to subscribe to fire insurance
 Applicable from February 23 for new operators existing operators must comply with the law within six months of its implementation.
From February 23, 2013, new multi-business operators must subscribe to fire insurance, while existing multi-business operators must comply with the law within six months of its taking effect. However, a three-year grace period will be granted to five types of businesses, including fast food and noodle eateries, general eateries with business premises of under 150m2, game businesses, Internet cafes, and game and other combined businesses. (The new law will apply to such businesses from February 23, 2015.)
 The speed limit for new intra-city buses, introduced in 2013, will be decreased from 110 to 80 km/h
The speed limit for intra-city buses, introduced in 2013, is set to decrease from 110km/h to 80km/h. The new speed limit will apply to existing buses, manufactured in the period 2007~2012, from the first quarter of 2013. This new limit is designed to prevent speeding by bus drivers with the aim of reducing accidents and lengthening buses service life.
 Operation of regular-pass buses
 Introduction of new prepaid fare system for four bus routes, including Seongnam-Gangnam Station and Ilsan  Seoul Station.
To ease traffic congestion during rush hours, regular-pass buses will be introduced. This system will be introduced to four bus routes including Seongnam-Gangnam Station, Ilsan-Seoul Station, Gangdong-Gangnam Station, and Eunpyeong-Gangnam Station. Fares should be prepaid monthly, and seats will be available with this service.
 Low-floor buses to be equipped with a boarding altering system for disabled people
 From February, a warning system will be installed on the rear window of low-floor buses, informing other passengers of disabled people boarding.
From February 2013, a warning system will be installed on the rear window of low-floor buses, informing other passengers of disabled people boarding. In particular, this will ease wheelchair users burden of having to be conscious of other passengers because it takes them longer to board buses.
 Loss and stealth-protective transport cards
 Registration of transport cards to prevent others from using them in the event of loss or theft
Safe public transport cards will be introduced to prevent them from being used in the event they are lost or stolen. Users can register their transport cards at T-money websites and Customer Centers to prevent others from using them in the event of loss or theft. At the users request, the balance of the money will be refunded at 06:00 the following day.
 Traditional markets added to Seoul Metropolitan Government Tour Bus destinations
 Stops scheduled at sixteen traditional markets including Dongdaemun, Bangsan Market, Namdaemun Market, Kwangjang Market and Pyeonghwa Clothing Market
 Major traditional markets will be added to the Seoul Metropolitan Government Tour Bus route including markets across Seoul and in small-sized business areas. The traditional market route will cover sixteen markets, beginning with Dongdaemun, then traveling to Bangsan Market, Namdaemun Market, Kwangjang Market, and Pyeonghwa Clothing Market. Henceforth, it will take around 70-80 minutes to travel the entire route, thus further exposing foreign travelers to diverse Korean cultures while promoting traditional markets and small-sized shops.
 Reopening of Seoul Jangchung Gymnasium
 Jangchung Gymnasium, originally opened in 1963, to undergo remodeling and the construction of an auxiliary stadium, etc.
 The countrys first indoor stadium, Jangchung Gymnasium, which was opened fifty years ago in 1963, will undergo remodeling and be reopened as a combined sports and culture venue in October 2013. An auxiliary stadium will also be built to accommodate the increasing number of people engaging in everyday sports as well as to host sports events and competitions. The facilitys seating capacity will be increased and sophisticated acoustic, lighting, and broadcasting equipment will be installed to facilitate the hosting of large cultural performance events such as musicals and concerts.
 Opening of idle public facility spaces to the public  Opening of 775 idle public facility spaces to the general public by reservation for minimum charge
 Seoul Metropolitan Government will open 775 facilities to the general public during their non-operation time. Under this new service, members of the public will be able to book a space via Seoul Metropolitan Governments Public Service Reservation system (yeyak.seoul.go.kr) for a minimum fee. The spaces will in principle be available on a once-a-day basis.  Increase of the sewerage service fee
 Fee set to increase by over 20% from 2012 first-stage home fee to rise from KRW 220 to KRW 260
 From March 2013, the sewerage service fee will increase by 20% from 2012. Thus, the first-stage home sewerage service fee (0~30m3) will rise from KRW 220 to KRW 260, up KRW 40. The monthly fee for 17m3 for a three-member family will increase from KRW 3,740 to KRW 4,420, up KRW 680.
 Improving the tax on waterworks attributable to the causer
 Implementing a higher tax of KRW 864,000 on large-scale development projects, lowering the tax for the low-income class by 50%
 From March 2013, the tax on waterworks tax attributable to the causer with regard to large-scale development projects will be rationally assessed according to the principle of payment by the beneficiary. Thus far, although a vast amount of funds has been spent on large-scale development projects, the same tax on waterworks attributable to the causer has been imposed on such projects without considering such costs. Thus, for large-scale development projects, tax imposition and collection regulations will be separately established in order to impose a tax of KRW 327,000 (based on 15mm) on existing water-receiving areas, whereas a higher tax of KRW 864,000 (based on 15mm) will be imposed on large-scale development projects. In addition, for low-income classes, regulations on tax breaks will be newly established to reduce by 50% the tax on waterworks attributable to the causer for households with an area of under 45m2, while basic welfare benefit recipients will be completely exempt from payment of the tax.
 Public parking areas to charge fee every five minutes
 Fee of KRW 1,000 per ten minutes set to change to KRW 500 per five minutes, lessening the users burden.
 The current charge for parking in first-class public areas will be modified from KRW 1,000 per ten minutes to KRW 500 every five minutes to lessen car users financial burden.
 Civil human rights protection officer system
 The first for a municipality, Seoul Human Rights Center handles human rights intrusions
 In 2013, for the first time for any municipality, the Civil Human Rights Protection Officer system, under which the human rights of all citizens should be properly protected, will be implemented. Under the existing system, when human rights violations occur, victims of violations are required to file a petition to the National Human Rights Commission of Korea. However, under the new system, victims can apply for a consultation to the Seoul Human Rights Center (2F, new building), where a Civil Human Rights Official will be on duty. The official can not only independently survey human rights violations and advise on corrective recommendations, but also recommend improvement measures concerning human rights policy to Seoul Metropolitan Government.
Seoul Metropolitan Governments New Administrative Services for 2013
 Stops scheduled at sixteen traditional markets including Dongdaemun, Bangsan Market, Namdaemun Market, Kwangjang Market and Pyeonghwa Clothing Market
 Major traditional markets will be added to the Seoul Metropolitan Government Tour Bus route including markets across Seoul and in small-sized business areas. The traditional market route will cover sixteen markets, beginning with Dongdaemun, then traveling to Bangsan Market, Namdaemun Market, Kwangjang Market, and Pyeonghwa Clothing Market. Henceforth, it will take around 70-80 minutes to travel the entire route, thus further exposing foreign travelers to diverse Korean cultures while promoting traditional markets and small-sized shops. Reopening of Seoul Jangchung Gymnasium
 Jangchung Gymnasium, originally opened in 1963, to undergo remodeling and the construction of an auxiliary stadium, etc.
 The countrys first indoor stadium, Jangchung Gymnasium, which was opened fifty years ago in 1963, will undergo remodeling and be reopened as a combined sports and culture venue in October 2013. An auxiliary stadium will also be built to accommodate the increasing number of people engaging in everyday sports as well as to host sports events and competitions. The facilitys seating capacity will be increased and sophisticated acoustic, lighting, and broadcasting equipment will be installed to facilitate the hosting of large cultural performance events such as musicals and concerts.
Other Citizen Activities 
 Opening of idle public facility spaces to the public  Opening of 775 idle public facility spaces to the general public by reservation for minimum charge
 Seoul Metropolitan Government will open 775 facilities to the general public during their non-operation time. Under this new service, members of the public will be able to book a space via Seoul Metropolitan Governments Public Service Reservation system (yeyak.seoul.go.kr) for a minimum fee. The spaces will in principle be available on a once-a-day basis.  Increase of the sewerage service fee
 Fee set to increase by over 20% from 2012 first-stage home fee to rise from KRW 220 to KRW 260
 From March 2013, the sewerage service fee will increase by 20% from 2012. Thus, the first-stage home sewerage service fee (0~30m3) will rise from KRW 220 to KRW 260, up KRW 40. The monthly fee for 17m3 for a three-member family will increase from KRW 3,740 to KRW 4,420, up KRW 680.
 Improving the tax on waterworks attributable to the causer
 Implementing a higher tax of KRW 864,000 on large-scale development projects, lowering the tax for the low-income class by 50%
 From March 2013, the tax on waterworks tax attributable to the causer with regard to large-scale development projects will be rationally assessed according to the principle of payment by the beneficiary. Thus far, although a vast amount of funds has been spent on large-scale development projects, the same tax on waterworks attributable to the causer has been imposed on such projects without considering such costs. Thus, for large-scale development projects, tax imposition and collection regulations will be separately established in order to impose a tax of KRW 327,000 (based on 15mm) on existing water-receiving areas, whereas a higher tax of KRW 864,000 (based on 15mm) will be imposed on large-scale development projects. In addition, for low-income classes, regulations on tax breaks will be newly established to reduce by 50% the tax on waterworks attributable to the causer for households with an area of under 45m2, while basic welfare benefit recipients will be completely exempt from payment of the tax.
 Public parking areas to charge fee every five minutes
 Fee of KRW 1,000 per ten minutes set to change to KRW 500 per five minutes, lessening the users burden.
 The current charge for parking in first-class public areas will be modified from KRW 1,000 per ten minutes to KRW 500 every five minutes to lessen car users financial burden.
 Civil human rights protection officer system
 The first for a municipality, Seoul Human Rights Center handles human rights intrusions
 In 2013, for the first time for any municipality, the Civil Human Rights Protection Officer system, under which the human rights of all citizens should be properly protected, will be implemented. Under the existing system, when human rights violations occur, victims of violations are required to file a petition to the National Human Rights Commission of Korea. However, under the new system, victims can apply for a consultation to the Seoul Human Rights Center (2F, new building), where a Civil Human Rights Official will be on duty. The official can not only independently survey human rights violations and advise on corrective recommendations, but also recommend improvement measures concerning human rights policy to Seoul Metropolitan Government.
Seoul Metropolitan Governments New Administrative Services for 2013
Other Citizen Activities  Opening of idle public facility spaces to the public  Opening of 775 idle public facility spaces to the general public by reservation for minimum charge
 Seoul Metropolitan Government will open 775 facilities to the general public during their non-operation time. Under this new service, members of the public will be able to book a space via Seoul Metropolitan Governments Public Service Reservation system (yeyak.seoul.go.kr) for a minimum fee. The spaces will in principle be available on a once-a-day basis.  Increase of the sewerage service fee
 Fee set to increase by over 20% from 2012 first-stage home fee to rise from KRW 220 to KRW 260
 From March 2013, the sewerage service fee will increase by 20% from 2012. Thus, the first-stage home sewerage service fee (0~30m3) will rise from KRW 220 to KRW 260, up KRW 40. The monthly fee for 17m3 for a three-member family will increase from KRW 3,740 to KRW 4,420, up KRW 680. Improving the tax on waterworks attributable to the causer
 Implementing a higher tax of KRW 864,000 on large-scale development projects, lowering the tax for the low-income class by 50%
 From March 2013, the tax on waterworks tax attributable to the causer with regard to large-scale development projects will be rationally assessed according to the principle of payment by the beneficiary. Thus far, although a vast amount of funds has been spent on large-scale development projects, the same tax on waterworks attributable to the causer has been imposed on such projects without considering such costs. Thus, for large-scale development projects, tax imposition and collection regulations will be separately established in order to impose a tax of KRW 327,000 (based on 15mm) on existing water-receiving areas, whereas a higher tax of KRW 864,000 (based on 15mm) will be imposed on large-scale development projects. In addition, for low-income classes, regulations on tax breaks will be newly established to reduce by 50% the tax on waterworks attributable to the causer for households with an area of under 45m2, while basic welfare benefit recipients will be completely exempt from payment of the tax. Public parking areas to charge fee every five minutes
 Fee of KRW 1,000 per ten minutes set to change to KRW 500 per five minutes, lessening the users burden.
 The current charge for parking in first-class public areas will be modified from KRW 1,000 per ten minutes to KRW 500 every five minutes to lessen car users financial burden.
 Civil human rights protection officer system
 The first for a municipality, Seoul Human Rights Center handles human rights intrusions
 In 2013, for the first time for any municipality, the Civil Human Rights Protection Officer system, under which the human rights of all citizens should be properly protected, will be implemented. Under the existing system, when human rights violations occur, victims of violations are required to file a petition to the National Human Rights Commission of Korea. However, under the new system, victims can apply for a consultation to the Seoul Human Rights Center (2F, new building), where a Civil Human Rights Official will be on duty. The official can not only independently survey human rights violations and advise on corrective recommendations, but also recommend improvement measures concerning human rights policy to Seoul Metropolitan Government.Seoul Metropolitan Governments New Administrative Services for 2013
< 70 items in 7 categories >7 categories : Health and welfare, womenfamilyeducation, economyjobs, environmenthousingsafety, transportation, culturesportstourism, and other citizen activities.
Foreigners visiting Seoul have pointed out that they experience difficulty due to inconsistency or lack of sufficient information on traffic and tourist information signs. In response to such complaints, traffic and tourist information signs in Seoul will be re-written in Korean English, Chinese, and Japanese. The way they are written and their designs will also follow standardized formats for tourists convenience. Seoul Metropolitan Government has set up a plan to improve such signs, including the overhaul of 144,134 signboards and information signs of more than 50 types, by 2106, and will start taking action gradually this year. The plan includes the installation of new signs where necessary and the launch of multi-language traffic information broadcasts. Some 80,888 signs in Seoul are scheduled to be overhauled this year, with priority placed on the five leading tourist destinations (Myeong-dong, Jongno, Dongdaemun, Jamsil, and Itaewon) plus Bukchon Hanok Village and Namsan Park. According to a status survey conducted by the Korea Tourism Organization in 2011, foreign tourists pointed to signboards as the No.2 item that should be improved. The complaints were made particularly by individual visitors, who account for 65% of all tourists visiting the country. Seoul Citys plan to improve the signs is focused on three factors: re-writing them in four languages following consistent standards in marking letters in foreign languages and following standardized designs. Place names in English will be marked in a way that will help foreigners understand them more easily, i.e., Namsan (Mountain) and The Hangang (River) rather than Mt. Nam and The Han. As for characters marked in Chinese and Japanese, simplified Chinese characters and katakana will be used in principle. Seoul Metropolitan Government will also operate a 54,594 word online dictionary and launch the relevant integrated website by June 2013. As part of such efforts, tourist site information will be provided at the bottom of the bus route maps provided at each bus stop. As regards Seouls 72,263 taxicabs, manuals printed in foreign languages will be provided to help foreigners obtain accurate information about tourist attractions. Multi-language stickers containing information on place names will be attached to taxi stand pole signs. In addition, a multi-language PA system service will be provided at 27 subway stations and 33 bus stops in addition to those already providing such a service. Finally, Seoul Metropolitan Government will operate a feedback system. Under the system, complaints about information signs may be submitted to Seoul City through the homepage. Seoul City will also operate a team of monitors composed of 20 Chinese and 20 Japanese students in connection with the need to check users opinions. The foreign student monitors will be assigned the task of checking information signs in major tourist destinations, information signs at restaurants, information broadcasts, and public transportation at least once a week until the end of this year. 
Mayor Park Won Soon, In 2013, public welfare will be the priority for the Seoul government. At 10am on 2nd January, Mayor Park Won Soon held the Seoul Metropolitan kick-off meeting for 2013 at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts. The meeting was attended by about 3,8000 Seoul Metropolitan Government officials.During the meeting, Mayor Park reiterated, In 2013, public welfare will be the priority for the Seoul government and urged employees to make every endeavor to wisely prepare for the coming financial crisis and to focus their efforts in all areas in order to be a pillar of strength for the citizens.The meeting was broadcasted  live via various media channels including Seoul City Internet TV and AfreecaTV.After the meeting, from 10.40am, Mayor Park exchanged well wishes for the New Year with the 507 Seoul Metropolitan Government officials gathered at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts.
On 1st January 2013, Mayor Park Won Soon celebrated the new year with about 10,000 residents at the Olympic Park Mongchongtoseong Mud Rampart. Mayor Park, along with the residents, let off lanterns written with their wishes for the new year and performed the New Years Bow along with hitting large drums 13 times to welcome the New Year. On this day, coinciding with the 8.05am sunrise at Songpa-gu, Mayor Park enjoyed performances celebrating the dawn of a new year along with residents. Subsequently, at 10.10am, Executive Council of Seoul City, representatives from investment agencies and the Head of autonomous district paid their respects at the Seoul National Cemetery Memorial. 
Starting in 2013, a new pet dog registration system will be implemented under which pet dogs will be given identification numbers and pet owners will have to register their dogs and buy ID chips or tags for them for 10,000 won ~ 20,000 won. Among other advantages, this system will enable pet owners to find lost dogs more easily. According to an announcement by the municipal government, pet dogs more than three months old must be registered starting from January 2013, as stipulated under the revised Animal Protection Act (Aug. 4, 2011). The law aims to enhance pet owners responsibility while facilitating the recovery of lost pets. A similar system of pet dog registration has been implemented in a number of countries overseas including the U.S., Japan, Australia and Taiwan. Currently, more than 16,000 dogs get lost each year in Seoul. Owners suffer mental distress while the administration has to spend an increasing amount of money trying to recover them.Pets can be registered at animal clinics designated by district offices. (See the district office websites for the list of the hospitals.) Owners must visit the clinics with their pets, fill out an application form and buy one of the three ID chips/tags available. Each pet dog must have one of the following: an embedded electronic chip, an electronic tag, or an ordinary dog tag, at a price of 20,000 won, 15,000 won and 10,000 won, respectively. Guide dogs or adopted stray dogs may be registered free. A 50% deduction is offered for dogs with embedded electronic chips, dogs owned by people on the minimum wage or income, or neutered dogs. Failure to register a pet dog will incur a penalty of up to 1 million won under the Animal Protection Act. However, the first half of 2013 will be an amnesty period during which the penalty will not be charged. For further details, please contact the Animal Protection Division of Seoul City Administration at+82-2-2133-7656. 
Seoul Metro, which runs Subway Lines 1~4, announced on December 6 that it had collected about 350 straw bags (each containing 80kg) of rice from the Rice Jars of Love installed at four of its stations across the city by the end of November 2012 and delivered the rice to more than 18,000 citizens in need. The Rice Jars of Love are filled by passengers who carry a bag or two of rice from home to share with the underprivileged. Citizens have responded to Seoul Metros campaign positively and donated many tons of rice.Launched in 2009 at Dangsan Station on Line 2, the campaign was extended to the companys other three lines in May 2012, with Dongdaemun Station on Line 1, Suseo Station on Line 3 and Danggogae Station on Line 4 installing their own rice jars of love. So far, Dangsan Station shares rice but the other three stations completed sharing for 2012 at the end of November and will resume the campaign in 2013. 
On December 6, Mayor Park Won Soon signed A Three Party MOU for the Opening of the Seoul International Dispute Resolution Center with the presidents of the Korean Bar Association and the Korean Commercial Arbitration Board. The Seoul International Dispute Resolution Center (Seoul IDRC) will provide an international arbitration space, for both companies and nations, for the worldwide arbitration agencies. The center is scheduled to open its doors in the first quarter of 2013 in the Seoul Global Center Building. The arbitration and mediation room will be equipped with cutting-edge teleconferencing and presentation systems. The opening of the Seoul IDRC will resolve the inconveniences that local companies are suffering from with their use of the IDRC in Hong Kong or Singapore to settle their international disputes and will save them a significant amount of costs and expenses. Already, Singapore and Hong Kong IDRCs and the London Court of International Arbitration have decided to open their offices in Seoul. Mayor Park Won Soon is planning to announce that the city administration will actively support the development of Seoul into the hub of the Northeast Asian legal market and as becoming the center of international dispute settlement in the region. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government declared DDP (Dongdaemun Design Plaza) as The Origin of the 21st Century Creation and Knowledge. The core idea is to build it as a sustainable space of creation and culture that breathes together with the Dongaemun area and that moves forward with its residents. Through these efforts, DDP will be able to offer the citizens, enterprises, and tourists, from both home and abroad, exciting experiences and creative inspiration. The local economy will prosper and the vitality of the area will be secured. The current progress of the DDP construction project stands at 87%. It will be completed in July 2013. It will finally open its doors in March 2014. The city of Seoul has presented its new ambitious plan, which calls for annual visits by 5.5 million people, with 1.5 million international tourists included in this number the aggregate production effects of 13.1 trillion won (roughly 12 billion USD) for 20 years and the creation of 113,000 jobs in the same period. The three new strategies for the DDP are for it to operate 24 hours a day, the creation of 60 tourist attractions, and the achievement of 100% efficiency. Under the strategies, DDP and its surrounding Dongdaemun area will be more closely connected and the entire area will emerge as a 24-hour tourist attraction with its 600-year old historical and cultural assets, which include Seoul Fortress Walls and the dynamic night life that exists in and around the DDP. The previous plan to continue to operate DDP under the city budget has been scrapped and replaced by a new plan to make it self-reliant as early as possible through guaranteeing the 100% operation efficiency of the area. The new and ambitious self-reliance plan will put an end to an estimated annual deficit of 20 billion won and will secure the sustainability of the plaza. The original plan to run the place as a convention and exhibition-oriented area has given way to an innovative idea of running it as an open studio that features world-class fashion shows and new product launches amongst other things both day and night. That way, the operation rate of the DDP facilities themselves will increase from the previously estimated 40% to more than 70%. Dongdaemun Design Plaza is being built upon the historic site of Dongdaemun Stadium, which was the only outdoor stadium for the citizens of Seoul throughout most of its 82-year history. The previous plan concentrated on the concepts of a landmark, high cost design contents, and specialists. The city administration has said that its shortfalls included a shortage in the connection to the characteristics of the area, being a space that the citizens can take part in, and features that will contribute to revitalizing the industry of the area. In the long term, the area between City Hall and Dongdaemun Gate will be created as a creative industry belt with Changsin-dong specializing in clothing and textiles, Jongno in jewelry, and Ulji-ro in lighting fixtures and pottery. This current urban center that has fallen relatively behind in commerce and industry will regain its vitality. The city administration is planning to build a vocational master school and a grassroots museum in the area. In relation to the plan, the city will soon compile and publish a myeongin index (a list of masters) of the town. The Master Space Arrangement Plan The Project Outline The Introduction of Spaces and Activities Art Hall The Design Museum Biz CenterD-Fashion Open Studio The Dongdaemun Runway Project Seoul Fortress Walls Fashion Show The 60 DDP Tourist Attraction Project The DDP K-Design Parade BESETO Design Market + Conference 
Climate change continues to accelerate. The city of Seoul has launched a new control tower for the citys countermeasures against climate change by reshuffling its Green Seoul Citizen Council.On November 1, 2012, the 9th Green Seoul Citizen Council was launched with dozens of representatives from a variety of fields such as civic advocacy, enterprises, environmental organizations, mass media, legal circles and the city administration, as its members. The council now participates in the formation of green policies as well as the promotion of the policies for the city. Presenting the certificates of appointment to them, Mayor Park said, I hope that the council will now play a leading role in advancing the citizens way of life in very environment-friendly manner, adding, I will spare no efforts to help the council to function as a governance organization for the city rather than a counseling group. Launched in 1995, Green Seoul Citizen Council has contributed to developing Seoul into an environmentally sustainable city. Since the 9th council has found new missions to fulfill, its organization has been enhanced significantly. Thirty percent of the previous members have remained. They will help the organization transition well and run as smoothly as before. New members include younger experts in their thirties and forties who are expected to add some fresh ideas and vitality to the organization. Experts in the fields of environmental health and resource recycling have also joined the council for the first time. The council is planning to recruit some citizen councilors from ordinary citizenry through a public meeting to better reflect citizens opinions in the policy recommendations that the council makes. Specifically, it will hold more workshops and forums, initiate more policy contests and promote more Green Start programs. At the end of the day, the 9th council will propose and promote far more diverse policies and projects to make the city of Seoul more environment-friendly and sustainable.
When the weather is cold, heating is an even bigger burden for low-income households because of increasing energy costs. The city government has decided to help them. It has chosen 2,971 households that are suffering the most heavily. It will offer 1,766 families vouchers for cylindrical briquettes. For 1,123 households using LPG and 82 households using kerosene, the city government will offer them cash or coupons. In addition, it will grant a maximum of 200,000 won per household to families that have had their energy supply cut off because they have not paid their electric or gas bills for more than three months. The money will be given to them in order for them to pay their bills and restore their energy supply right away. A coupon for cylindrical briquettes is worth 169,000 won, which is equivalent to 320 briquettes at their current price. It can be used with licensed dealers or at factories through their delivery contractors. The coupon validity is until April 30, 2013. For each of the 1,123 households using LPG for cooking and heating purposes, a card worth 90,000 won, or about 40kg of LPG, is offered. For each of 82 families using kerosene boilers, 300,000 won for about 200 liters of kerosene at the current price is granted. The LPG card expires on January 31, 2013. The kerosene purchase must be made by December 31, 2012. The application for the support in the payment of electric or gas bills within the limit of 200,000 won can be made in community centers, KEPCO, or social welfare agencies until January 31, 2013. Inquiries can be made at the Green Energy Division of City Hall (Tel. +82-2-2115-7728) or resident centers. 
Kim Ju-hui (37) is a homemaker living in Sadang-dong, Dongjak-gu. Shes no longer afraid of the 2012 winter cold looming large around the corner. She and her family live in a house built more than 20 years ago. Her three kids used to get coughs a lot in the winter, which made her really concerned. Because of drafty windows, the house always felt chilly. In June of this year, she received a 3 million won loan from the city government and got the windows replaced with double pane windows. The air in the house during late fall became much warmer. These days, the weather has gotten quite chilly, but she has yet to turn on the boiler because it is warm in the house. Ms. Kim and her kids do not have to worry about drafts this winter. They also expect to reduce their electric bills by more than 12%. The window replacement made their house look much nicer from outside, too.The city administration offers citizens a special loan for up to 80% of the budget for the replacement of windows, boilers and lighting fixtures with insulated windows, high-efficient boilers and LED lighting fixtures. The maximum loan amount per household is five million won. The interest rate is 2.5% a year, much lower than any commercial rate. Borrowers can repay their loans over eight years in installments. The loan benefit is available on a first come, first served basis until the funds are exhausted. The Housing Energy Efficiency Project aims at refurbishing old housing to improve energy efficiency and living conditions in the city. The city administration signed an MOU with Seoul Guarantee Insurance Company so that low-income families can qualify for a loan without collateral. The company guarantees them to financial institutions. 
A total of 12 visitors, including the Director of the Building & Construction Authority, architects, and engineers, from Singapore came to Seoul to benchmark the energy policy of the city of Seoul. They visited environmentally friendly buildings such as the New Seoul City Hall and the Energy Dream Center in Sangam-dong, and they also learned about various energy policies being implemented by Seoul. Considering the fact that most of these visitors are working in environment related fields, the representatives of the city of Seoul gave a brief presentation on its energy saving and efficiency projects for its existing buildings and offered an onsite tour of the buildings.The Seoul Metropolitan Government concentrated on presenting the background and progress of the projects in which Singaporean visitors were particularly interested. This included the disclosure of energy use information about buildings listed in the Seoul City Energy Conservation Code, the expansion of energy diagnosis requirements, and the provision of guidelines on the maintenance of interior temperatures for each season. The Seoul Metropolitan Government also explained the Comprehensive Measures for the One Less Nuclear Plant Project, which is being operated to change the city from being an energy-consuming city to a city that saves energy and produces renewable energy such as solar power. The visitors from Singapore also made presentations on the major policies of Singapore, such as policies on the construction of green buildings, and they discussed with the government various related issues that need to be resolved as leading cities in Asia. The city of Seoul plans to construct a network with major countries and cities in Asia to share information with them and to seek cooperative measures. 
Seoul Metropolitan Government will begin the installation of hydro power plants starting in 2013. Hydro power plants produce electricity using waterfalls, created by the discharge of water. The first plant will be installed in the Noryangjin Distributing Reservoir. The Government will install a hydro power plant (capacity: 360kW) at the inflow tube of Noryangjin Distributing Reservoir in 2013. The power plant will produce alternative energy results measuring 565 TOE annually by producing 2,680,000kW of electricity each year, which can be used by some 740 households for a year.In addition, Seoul City signed an MOU in September with Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power (or Hansuwon), which is Koreas largest power plant company, for the investment and development of renewable energy and for a joint investigation of the potential development of hydro power plants. Hansuwon will invest in new and renewable energy facilities such as fuel cells, solar power, and hydro power, which will produce electricity worth a total of 790 billion won in public facilities of Seoul City such as the Subway Train Depot and the Water Recycling Center by 2015. Among the investment, some 100 billion won will be invested in hydro power plants to produce 10MW.Hansuwon plans to make a model case of new and renewable energy production facilities by designing facilities that can increase energy efficiency with the introduction of the most advanced facilities. Seoul City will revitalize the use of hydro power plants by helping Hansuwons projects through administrative assistance such as the use of public facilities and the simplification of approval and permit procedures.Streams in Seoul City do not create big waterfalls compared to other large cities, which have big natural waterfalls. However, Seoul City has an abundant flow of water, so it needed to develop an economical technology to overcome the limitations of the existing hydro power plants. By securing its own technology of low-waterfall high-efficient hydro power plant facilities, Seoul City will be able to use hydro power in various areas of Seoul, and it expects to achieve a target amount of hydro power (1,250kW by 2014) as part of the project One Less Nuclear Power Plant by installing the first hydro power plant at the Noryangjin Distributing Reservoir. 
An exhibition of LED lighting was held at Exhibition Hall B of COEX from November 22 (Thu.) to 25 (Sun.). Seoul City and COEX hosted this exhibition together in order to foster excellent business and promote their advance into the overseas market by expanding the LED market and promoting the development of new products and platform technology. This exhibition is expected to contribute to standardizing the LED industry and constructing the infrastructure of the industry in the future. This exhibition offered a prime opportunity for visitors to witness the high level of Korean technology in the LED industry. This industry is currently attracting much attention as a new growth engine industry, as well as an industry that will lead the future of the Korean economy, because LED lighting is highly energy-efficient and eco-friendly.During this exhibition, a variety of seminars were offered to help citizens understand the LED industry. Some 58 businesses, which have LED technology in ED components, application products, and lighting products, provided information about their new technology and products via 120 booths. 
Seoul Metropolitan City will be initiating its 2012 General Solutions for Winter from November 15 to March 15 next year in preparation for the grueling winter season. The 2012 General Solutions for Winter will focus on six tasks: protecting senior citizens, especially those who live alone, along with other vulnerable classes of people removing snow in consideration of traffic safety preventing winter influenza and addressing other welfare and hygiene issues resolving public discomfort such as maintaining even market prices, notably during the kimchi-making season, and keeping the waterworks intact preventing fire and maintaining city infrastructures such as streets, parks, etc. This years program is special because the City aims to 1) proceed with the Spending a Warm Winter with Hope Ondol program 2) expand winter shelters for the homeless (from 250 beds in 2011 to 420 in 2012) 3) install basic fire prevention units in 2,000 homes living on welfare 4) increase the facilities for broadcasting heavy snow conditions by video (from 5 to 8), and establish a website for Seoul snow removal solution information (scheduled to open mid-November): 5) implement more cold wave solutions for the needy 6) check energy source safety for city gas, central heating, and coal and 7) prevent meters from bursting due to low temperatures, and devise a thorough solution for large waterway disruptions. As you can see, the solutions have generally improved this year.More Welfare Safety Nets for Low-income Families during Winter Utilizing 111 facilities involved in running the Hope Ondol project, the city will look for families in the grey area of welfare such as single senior citizens and young breadwinners and pay them a visit to provide further support.The program is named Carriage of Hope and will provide material support for needy families. Private companies and Carriage of Hope project members will help plaster walls, replace flooring, and repair boilers in the Making a Happy Room project.Seoul citizens living on less than half the minimum income can apply for emergency funding for heating and living expenses thanks to the Hope Ondol Emergency Support Fund. The fund has increased from KRW 100,000 last year to KRW 150,000, and the application period has been extended from two months to three. Senior citizen caretakers, Seoul sanction managers and other senior citizen service related workers (approx. 18,000) will be fully deployed to monitor physically-challenged residents. They will visit single senior citizens at least once a week and call them twice a week in the Caring Call program to check their condition. Whenever an emergency occurs there will be an immediate response from the fire department or welfare center The Metropolitan City will distribute meals once a day to psychically-challenged senior citizens (21,248) in addition to delivering side dishes twice a week. A winter emergency allowance of KRW 50,000 will be handed out to 119,000 families living on welfare. Facilities for the disabled citizens and needy children will also be supported. Fifty facilities for the disabled will receive funds for winter kimchi-making, while forty-three will receive funding for winter heating. 50,000 hungry children will be given meals throughout the winter vacation. The plan includes emergency distribution during heavy snowfall and the New Year vacation season.To help senior citizens overcome the cold winter season, two consulting centers will be established in the vicinity of Seoul Station and Yeongdeungpo Station. More manpower will be deployed street consultants. Emergency facilities will be expanded to accommodate more people: emergency shelters (extra accommodation for 200 people), emergency clinics (4 extra places, accommodation for 120 in total), emergency homes (50 extra places, accommodation for 100 in total).Preemptive Heavy Snow and Cold Wave Preparation and Traffic Safety Solutions Quick response measures to heavy snowfall will be aided by the enhanced heavy snowfall video transmission system. The snow removal management system will be complete and ready by early winter. A total of eight cameras have been installed along heavy snow routes, i.e., three more than last year (Incheon, Munsan, Ganghwa, Ungjin, Hwaseong, Goyang, Bupyeong, Siheung). The image from each camera will be updated every half hour to keep a close eye on weather conditions to help early response measures. The Disaster Task Force has been organized for a fast response to emergencies, and will be operated on a 24- hour-a-day basis. The task force will be notified of an emergency situation three hours before heavy snowfall. The force will distribute snow removal equipment in designated locations. Snow removal vehicles will be equipped with GPS (267 cars) that transmits images that can imply weather conditions. This will enhance the chain of command. The city will designate snow removal areas and dispatch labor equipped with adequate equipment. When heavy snow reaches level 3, a total of 39,996 people will be deployed.In step with these newly enhanced programs, the city has placed greater emphasis on utilizing SNS. Any standby supply that runs out and dangerous areas will be marked on the community map on http://gis.seoul.go.kr. Complaints can be registered via SNS such as Twitter, and will be addressed immediately.To minimize traffic jams during heavy snowfall warning level 3, subways will be in service for one extra hour during rush hour and operation hours will be extended.To prevent any safety accidents in the subway, 31.7km of land, 484 transition points on land, 12 train depots, and 134 roofless stations will undergo thorough maintenance. As part of a solution for removing snow on the ground, the transition machines will be equipped with snow-melting facilities. More manpower will be designated to remove snow in vulnerable sectors. Intra-city bus companies that operate in highly vulnerable sectors will be reviewing ways of transporting citizens safety from November 19 (Mon.) to 23 (Fri.).Seoul Metropolitan Government will utilize information media such as SNS, LED street signs (243), intra-city bus BMS, traffic broadcasting stations (FM 95.1MHz, TV) and other methods to announce blocked out sectors, main detours, congested routes, adverse weather conditions, and traffic safety messages. If an intra-city bus is forced to take a detour due to heavy snow, the 120 Dasan Call Center will be notified immediately. Stabilizing the Distribution of Produce, Water, and Electricity, and Collecting Garbage to Minimize Residents Discomfort Seoul Metropolitan City has selected eight target products for control to prevent prices from hitting the roof, which is expected to occur anytime soon due to this years poor harvest, including Nappa cabbage, Japanese radish, garlic, dried red peppers, leeks, onions, Asian pears, and apples. Information on the prices of kimchi ingredients will be available on websites, ARS, TV, and radio. To prepare for the kind of surprise cold wave Seoul experienced last year, the city will distribute meters to prevent major water pipes from bursting or leaking (24,900 homes). Existing meters will be equipped with a cold protectant (320,000 homes), and outdoor pipes will be covered in advance. Low-income families living in cramped quarters (3,280 people) will have a technician check the meter and have it prepared for the winter by November 14. Large water pipes will be checked by neighborhood watch and related personnel will be ready to implement an emergency restoration plan.Moreover, the water systems of major energy providers will be checked before the freeze. Each will designate a Winter Emergency Restoration and Correspondence Team to counter any accidents swiftly and efficiently. 975 natural gas facilities, local cogeneration plants (5 facilities), fuel sales outlets (briquette, LPC, butane gas, 322 stores) will be checked by the related facilities. Preventing Influenza, Food Safety to Prevent Food Poisoning and Contagious Diseases The city will implement measures to prevent influenza, foot-and-mouth disease, avian flu and other livestock-related diseases. Influenza antidotes that can treat 759,000 people will be available. Twenty-five local clinics exterminated maggots infesting the basement areas of large buildings, water reserves, and sewage facilities.A door-to-door medical service involving nine city-funded hospitals will treat homeless people once a week, and Sharing Treatment will be provided to citizens living in substandard homes once a week. Visiting areas with a high concentration of substandard homes has been increased to twice a month this year. To prevent contagious diseases among livestock, designated agents will be dispatched every week to visit areas with densely populated livestock farms, offering subsidies for disinfectants. Fire Emergency Checkup for Public Facilities and Preventing Fires in Low-income Households From November 2012 to February 2013, major public facilities such as movie theaters, department stores, and mega discount outlets (total 3,114 facilities) will be checked for fire emergency response. 125 traditional markets will be connected to water sources to combat fire emergencies with help from the city. 2,000 single senior citizens and families on welfare, and people living in substandard homes (7,215) will be given basic firefighting equipment.Safety at Large Construction Sites, Cultural Sites, Parks, and Other Public Facilities Seoul Metropolitan City will conduct a safety check of high-risk homes, shelters, and large factories. Popular parks and cultural sites will also undergo management and checks to ensure public safety.The city will establish a safety plan for homes and factories under reform (45 in total) and homes and facilities (29 in total) that are vulnerable to disaster, as well as areas that require extra care. The nearby areas will also be checked for safety.In preparation for heavy snow and cold snaps from November 15, Seoul City will also review the firefighting equipment, electric circuits, and construction status of the citys cultural sites (246 locations).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has signed an MOU with Korea Hydro & Nuclear Power Co., Ltd. (KHNP), the largest power company in the country, to make an investment worth KRW 790 billion in new and renewable energy. Seoul City and KHNP reached a consensus to the effect that the development and distribution of new and renewable energy is crucial to solving imminent energy problems and agreed to join forces to expand the facilities for distributed power supply in the Seoul area. The agreement with KHNP is the largest deal that the city of Seoul has ever executed with a private or public corporation to expand the production of new and renewable energy. Whereas the citys previous new and renewable energy agreements were centered on the installation of solar panels, the latest MOU with KHNP is designed to boost the installation of production facilities for new and renewable energy in the small hydropower and hydrogen fuel cell sectors. Based on the agreement, KHNP will invest a total of KRW 790 billion in the development and installation of new and renewable energy facilities including fuel cells and solar power and small hydropower facilities for the citys public institutions, such as depots and water recovery centers, by 2015. It is expected that the new environmentally-friendly energy production facilities will generate 160MW of power, which is equivalent to the annual electrical power consumption of 264,000 households in Seoul. In terms of investment areas, KHNP will invest KRW 600 billion in fuel cells capable of producing 120MW of energy KRW 90 billion in solar panels for 30MH of power and KRW 100 billion in small hydropower for 10MW of electricity. KHNP also plans to install cutting-edge facilities as well as establishing an exemplary model of new and renewable energy production facilities for the rest of the country based on the development of new, high energy-efficient facilities.In the meantime, the city of Seoul is planning to sharply increase its electricity self-reliance rate from 2.8% in 2011 to 8% in 2014, largely by increasing its investment in the development of environmentally-friendly technologies and by applying them to municipal spaces and facilities. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government and its sixteen affiliate agencies have decided to appoint disabled people to 10% of their new positions every year, with the goal of increasing the number of disabled employees to 6% (5% for its affiliates), i.e., double the legal disabled persons employment requirement for public agencies. In 2012, the Seoul Metropolitan Government filled 10% (80 people) of its new positions with disabled people. Its sixteen affiliates will follow suit in 2013. As of the end of August 2012, the rate of disabled employees of the government was 4.17%, exceeding the legal requirement, whereas the average rate of its affiliates was less than the legal mandate, at 2.81%. The disabled population in Seoul is around 400,000, while nationally the disabled account for 5% of the population (2.5 million people). Yet the truth is that systematic research, surveys and support measures for the employment of disabled people in Seoul have been greatly lacking.With the active support of the city council, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has enacted a new ordinance, the Seoul Special Metropolitan Government Employment Promotion and Vocational Rehabilitation of Disabled Persons Act, which is designed to improve the employment rate of the disabled in the citys private sector from the current level of 1.97%, which is lower than the national average of 2.25%. The new ordinance has provided a legal framework for more active support for the employment of disabled people by private employers in the city: existing or potential employers are now entitled not only to financial assistance for any additional workplace installation and operational costs incurred by their employment of disabled persons, but also to priority allocation of Small & Medium Size Firms Promotion Fund and other SME support funds. The Korea Employment Agency for the Disabled will take more aggressive measures to boost employment of the disabled in the city. It will provide vocational development and civil service training, recruiting services and a one-stop service for the disabled, as well as education designed to enable ordinary citizens to change their perception of disability. The agency will also provide disabled people who work in the citys affiliate agencies with essential devices such as Braille computers free of charge. The municipal government announced Hope Seouls Comprehensive Plan for Disabled People in April 2012. In recognition of the idea that the best welfare for the disabled is employment, it offers private companies that employ disabled people additional points in its evaluation of public bids. It also reflects the employment rate of disabled people in its selection of companies to run the citys public welfare facilities as well as in its evaluation of the management status of its affiliate agencies. In addition, in order to create more than 1,000 new jobs for the disabled in the city by 2014, particularly in the areas of IT, office administration and civil service assistance, the municipal government is involved in long-term employment creation projects with public institutions and private companies based in the city. Most notably, the city government recently provided a course designed to improve the publics perception of disability and attitudes towards the disabled and as a mandatory course for all of its officials. The Korea Employment Agency for the Disabled will provide the city with both the instructors and the online education contents for the course. 
A special jobs expo offering special lectures, assistance with rsum preparation and personal introductions, interview image consulting, CV photography services and other essential resources for job hunters was opened in COEX recently. Seoul City persuaded 110 companies to participate in the event from such fields as solar power, energy consulting and other promising green businesses that will lead Korea into the future, and supplied wide-ranging information to jobseekers. On-site interviews held on October 9~10 provided opportunities for recruitment in this field.The nationwide expo focused on the green energy industry, and a program consisting mainly of recruitment meetings was offered to talented candidates specializing in a variety of fields, with the aim of providing jobseekers with extensive information about green business industries.As well as offering information on various types of promising jobs, the Expo aimed to promote the dazzling future of the green energy industry, whose potential for development is boundless. This is partly because it is possible to develop personally in this sector, as well as to positively influence domestic businesses.The Jobs Expo, hosted by the Ministry for Knowledge Economy, is also connected with the Korea Energy Management Corporation, which is responsible for Lighting up Korea with Green Energy, an initiative for green businesses to connect and exchange information with each other.
The Agency for Seoul Corporate Taxis conducted an in-depth analysis of the data obtained from GPS and card payment meters for 3.26 million taxi rides in 2011 including time and place of operation, traffic level, and passengers social characteristics to create their Report on the Characteristics of Seoulite Taxi Use. The average daily distance traveled by Seoul taxis was 433.7km, of which only 257km involved the transportation of a passenger, i.e., about 59% of the time, while for the remaining 176 km (41%) the cabs remained empty. The occupancy rate was fairly consistent between weekdays and weekends, with only Friday and Saturday having significantly higher percentages, at 61.5% and 60.1% respectively. Annually, the average distance was highest in December, with an average daily travel distance of 447.2km, i.e., 13km more than in other months. It seems that the many year-end meetings held this month account for the extra increase.On average, a single person taking a taxi travels approximately 5.4 km, and pays an average fare of about 6,000 won.In the case of call taxis, passengers travel an average of 11.6 km in 27.1 minutes, about twice the distance traveled in a regular taxi (5.4 km). For short distances, the analysis shows that city residents mostly take regular taxis, but for long distances people prefer to take call taxis. Gangnam, Yeouido and Bundang among others are frequent points of embarkation for call taxis, whereas passengers tend to disembark in different areas around the city, such as Pyeongchon, Jung-dong, Bundang, and so forth.After analyzing the data according to time, the approximate hourly demand for a single taxi rapidly increases to over 25,000 won during two periods of the day: the first is during the morning rush hour, roughly between 6:30 and 9:30 AM, and the second is late in the evening when people are returning home, from about 10PM until 2AM. The peaks for the two periods occur at 8:30 in the morning, and about 12:30 at night. However, the demand for taxis rapidly declines after this time, with individual taxi rates falling to about 10,000 won, and at that point, supply and demand for taxis becomes seriously imbalanced.According to the data, in the downtown area the average taxi operating gross rate is about 49,000 won/hour however towards midnight, the amount slips to about 40,000 won /hour. The primary reasons given for the decrease in operating revenue of individual taxis were the old age of the drivers as well as the level of intoxication and smell of alcohol affecting many passengers. These factors made for a poor environment in which to operate taxis.The weekend demand for taxis was rather poor compared to weekdays. On Saturdays, until 2:30 AM, the demand was above average, but on Sundays demand rapidly fell to below 15,000 won.While not significantly more so than any other day of the week, the demand for taxis is highest on Friday, with 418,000 trips, i.e., about 16.4% of the weekly average, followed by Thursday (16.0%), Wednesday (15.5%), Tuesday (14.6%), and then Saturday (14.3%). Over the course of the year, the demand is highest during November and December, with about 298,000 calls in total, with the lowest point coming during the holiday seasons in January, February and August. Also, taxi movement can increase conspicuously depending on the weather. On snowy days, the average distance driven by a taxi tends to increase somewhat, to 436.6 km, and when the weather is bad taxi usage increases.Meanwhile, the area which receives the most weekday taxi traffic is Yeoksam 1(il)-dong in Gangnam, followed by Yeouido-dong, Jongno 1, 2, 3, 4-ga-dong, Cheongdam-dong, and Apgujeong-dong. At weekends, young people tend to be located in areas like Seogyo-dong and other areas where there are many fun activities, and the tendency for taxi traffic to increase in those areas is noticeable.Yeoksam 1(il)-dong, Yeouido-dong and so forth are typical of the central business districts, so the peak periods occur when people are going to or coming from work, whereas Jongno is a hub of commercial and entertainment facilities, so the data shows that taxis are most utilized when people are on their way home after late nights. At present, distinct usage patterns of taxis are strongest in Yeoksam 1(il)-dong in Gangnam-gu, where the weekday usage is uncommonly high, followed by Seocho-gu, Jung-gu and then Songpa-gu in that order. All sectors of the city have a high rate of long distance travel on weekdays, especially geographically distinct areas such as Eunpyeong-gu and Gangnam-gus central business district, with a usage rate of over 50%, which is much higher than average. On the other hand, Seocho-gu, Mapo-gu and Yeongdeungpo-gu have rates of about 30%, and Jung-gu has the lowest rate of usage at only 20%.Interestingly, districts that have many subway stations also exhibit high taxi usage rates, and it is estimated that many passengers transfer between the subway and taxis. In 2010, according to the results of the Actual Household Usage Survey in Seoul, transference between taxis and the subway was particularly high, i.e., around 70-79% of respondents.The overall results for Seoul City are as follows: Seoulites usually take a taxi to travel long distances they frequently take the subway and transfer to a taxi and taxis, buses, the subway and other methods of public transportation perform different functions according to the analysis parameters. On examining the frequency with which people pass through other areas, the combined business districts, along with Gwangmyeong, have the highest rate at 21.3%, with the remaining areas showing less than 10%.In terms of passenger demographics, taxi usage, more than any other form of public transport usage, increases with the age of the passenger. Also, regardless of business, the number of workers taking taxis appears to be extremely high. Compared to other age groups, older people take taxis more frequently. Due to physical restrictions it seems that after riding the subway for free, older people prefer to pay a taxi fare rather than a bus fare to complete their journey. Currently, people aged over 65 can take the subway for free, but they are required to pay a regular bus fare.Using this data as a foundation, Seoul City intends to predict future trends, analyze the lifestyle patterns of residents, and establish a rational and reasonable taxi policy to help solve the financial difficulties that taxi businesses currently face.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has added Thai to the linguistic repertoire of its foreign language information service (as of November 2012), increasing the number of foreign languages it covers to nine. The service helps foreign nationals in Seoul in all aspects of their daily lives including their living, business, and administrative requirements. The service is provided through the Seoul Global Center, a one-stop service that deals with every possible type of inconvenience experienced by foreigners living in Seoul, as well as offering them valuable essential information. Counseling and information is offered in one of the following nine languages: English, Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, Mongolian, Russian, Tagalog, Uzbek and Thai. Launched in 2008, the Seoul Global Center not only deals with visa and other immigration related issues but also provides professional counseling on business, tax, law and labor issues as well as general information on drivers licenses, credit card applications, employment, consumer grievances, rental housing lease and telecommunications. The Seoul Global Center handles a daily average of 350 cases with the assistance of various public and private organizations stationed there, such as the Korea Immigration Office, the Road Traffic Authority, the Seoul Tourism Association, Woori Bank and LG Telecom. Furthermore, every afternoon on weekdays, professionals including tax specialists from the National Tax Service, lawyers, certified labor attorneys, CPAs and Realtors offer counseling in English. Just one visit to the center is usually enough to settle any problem a foreign national might encounter in Seoul. For those who cannot spare the time on weekdays, the center offers On-Site Counseling Services on Sundays in Mongolia Town (Gwanghui-dong) and Philippines Street (Hyehwa-dong), as well as in Daerim Subway Station and Itaewon, the most frequently visited areas by foreign nationals in Seoul. The Seoul Global Center also offers foreign nationals free classes in Korean language on weekday evenings and in Korean language and multiculturalism at weekends. 
At 7pm on November 6, the Marriage Proposal Wall at Dumuldari(Bridge), Cheonggyecheon, saw the 1,000th couple declare their undying love for each other. The Marriage Proposal Wall was launched on Christmas Eve (Dec. 24), 2007. In the five years since then, 999 marriage proposals have been accepted, representing an incredible 100% success rate. In fact, only 18 couples have broken up since, while 981 couples, or 98.2%, are still married to each other or enjoy good relations as lovers or friends. At the time of the proposals, 921 of the couples were singles and 376 of them have since got married, indicating a 40.8% success rate. Thus, people believe that proposals at the wall guarantee acceptance, marriage, and a happy family. According to a recent analysis, the last three months of the year (October ~ December) are the busiest months for applications to use the Wall, with Saturdays (38.8%) and Fridays (26.6%) being the busiest days of the week. In terms of age, people in their thirties accounted for 52.9% (or 528) of the proposals, followed by people in their twenties at 41.4% (414). The applicants were mostly male (87.5%), although female applications have seen an upswing of late. To apply, visit our website (http://propose.sisul.or.kr), select any day from Wednesday to Saturday and post a story with a proposal-related video or photo file. Analysis of Marriage Proposal Applicants (age/ gender) Marriage Proposal Wall 
Some 200 people, including 129 representing families and various organizations that excel in their efforts to conserve energy, gathered together at 10:00 on October 10. Housewife Kim Hye-suk keeps a record of fridge opening and closing. Mrs. Jeong Jeon-hui generates electricity with a solar energy generating facility at home. Energy Guardians at Myogok Middle School rush around turning off unnecessary lights at school. They were selected by the metropolitan government from among 680,000 members of Eco-Mileage for their outstanding contributions to the cause. As of the end of September 2012, the 680,000 members of Eco Mileage included 646,961 families, 1,406 schools, 1,702 apartment complexes, and 31,402 commercial buildings. 507,044 members participated in a year-long survey which shows that for the year from August 2011 to July 2012, 277,395 members, or 54.7%, voluntarily pitched in and saved a total of 100,715 tons of energy, i.e., the equivalent of 203,856 tons of carbon emissions. Mayor Park Won Soon awarded prizes to 129 individuals and organizations, including 28 homemakers, 13 schools, 23 teachers and students, 24 apartment complexes, 25 representatives of apartment complexes, and 16 commercial buildings. The award recommendations for homemakers were made by district offices while those for organizations were made by an evaluation panel composed of the Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education, civil groups and energy consumption experts. The evaluation criteria focused on actual energy conservation realized by individuals and organizations. The city of Seoul has worked to expand the range of Eco-Mileage benefits. Starting from September 15, members residing in apartments or other types of multi-unit dwellings can use their mileage to pay for their housing maintenance costs under what is known as the Multi-Unit Dwelling Maintenance Costs Automatic Deduction Service. This is the first time such a service has been implemented in Korea. Specifically, if someone asks for a reduction of maintenance costs by September 20, the reduction is reflected in the bill issued in October. However, if the application is made later than the 20th, the deduction will be reflected in the November bill. Seoul Eco-Mileage benefits cover the purchase of environmentally-friendly goods, gift certificates issued by traditional markets, and transportation cards. In the case of an eco-mileage card holder, his/her credit card mileage is added by a certain percentage point. The Eco-Mileage benefits have now been extended to the payment of housing maintenance costs. 
(Gong Seon-yong, director of Technology Headquarters, Seoul Metro, and Rick Calusinski, executive manager of Engineering & Marketing, Vossloh AG) Seoul Metro (in charge of Seoul Subway Lines 1-4) has developed a revolutionary B2S engineering technology which makes it possible to replace gravel tracks with concrete tracks without the need to suspend train operations. The company signed an MOU with Vossloh, Germany, on October 30, 2012 to apply the technology to the railway system in Singapore under the B2S Engineering Method Singapore Project. The B2S engineering technology is highly innovative: concrete panels are made for tracks with the railway ties fixed. After fastening the rail-fastening systems, the removal of gravel and sleepers is sufficient to enable immediate work on the railway tracks, dispensing with the need to remove the actual tracks. Previously, the operation of trains had to be suspended for a certain period of time during rail improvement works. Now, the subway operation schedule is not affected by such work at all.In addition, B2S engineering prevents the previous problem with cracks from occurring. Securing rail shapes is easy. As a result, a safe work environment and high work quality are assured. It is estimated that about 100 billion won can be saved on railway repairs and maintenance costs for Seoul Subway Lines 1-4. Seoul Metro obtained patents for the B2S engineering technology from the European Union and Germany in 2007. The technology has already been used in railway improvement projects for Line 1 of the Busan Transportation Corporation and the Gwacheon Line of Korea Railroad. Its efficiency has been proven both at home and abroad. *Seoul Metro has laid gravel along 200km of its railway track. By applying B2S technology, savings of about 500 million won per kilometer can be made: the B2S method costs 1.9 billion won per kilometer whereas the traditional method costs 2.4 billion won per kilometer. 
The leaders of twenty cities in fifteen countries gathered in Seoul to adopt the 2012 Seoul Metropolitan Government Energy and Climate Declaration (Seoul Declaration hereinafter) on Saturday, October 20, 2012, which focuses on a sharp reduction of the use of fossil fuels and nuclear energy and the expanded use of sustainable energy. The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the City of Seouls adoption of the Seoul Declaration at the World Mayors Climate Conference on October 20 along with the member cities of the WMCCC (World Mayors Council on Climate Change), for which Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon is currently serving as chairman. The global cities declared their intention to participate in efforts to overhaul their energy production and consumption structures and to reduce the impact of the public sectors municipal operations on global climate change. Explaining the major contents of the Seoul Declaration, Mayor Park said, The city of Seoul is doing its utmost to reduce its dependence on nuclear energy and to secure its sustainable development potential. To that end, Seoul is pouring all-out efforts into such causes as improved energy efficiency, expanded use of new and renewable energy, and increased energy independence. Reiterating his strong commitment to the cause, he added, The city of Seoul will set as its goal a reduction target of over 30% concerning the consumption of nuclear energy and fossil fuels by 2020. A city official explained that as the cities which have signed up to the Seoul Declaration all have different public administration environments at the moment, it was not possible to set a fixed quantitative goal at the Seoul Conference. As such, separate goals for each city will be set for attainment by 2013, in accordance with each citys level of development and financial situation. The Seoul Declaration is the second declaration adopted by the WMCCC, following on from the Mexico City Pact adopted at the Mexico City WMCCC Conference in 2012. The event is positive proof that many city representatives are paying keen interest to the issue of sustainable energy production and consumption these days, with a view to creating safer and more environmentally-friendly cities for their residents. The Seoul Declaration was announced at the session titled Dialogue among world city mayors on climate, energy and citizen participation, the last event of the ICLEI-Seoul East Asia Days held in Seoul for three days on the occasion of the opening of the ICLEI East Asia Headquarters. The declaration was agreed upon one day earlier, on October 19, at a joint conference involving the ICLEI World Board of Directors and the WMCCC, with a discussion among the board members and city representatives. The declaration is particularly significant in that it calls for public sector initiatives as part of the efforts to overhaul the energy production and consumption structures and slow down the overall climate change processes. It is expected to stimulate the private sectors participation in these causes in the immediate future. 
The East Asia headquarters of the ICLEI (International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives), the worlds largest environmental organization, opened its doors in Seoul with the leaders of more than twenty cities in fifteen countries in attendance. The ICLEI was established in 1990 to promote international cooperation among local and metropolitan governments on environmental issues. Its official name has since been revised to ICLEI  Local Governments for Sustainability. Seoul recently became its eighth regional office city. The organization involves the participation of more than 1,220 cities and local governments and their associations in eighty-four countries. It has eight regional offices including those in South Asia (New Delhi) and Africa (Cape Town), and four national offices including those in Korea (Suwon) and the United States (Oakland). The city of Seoul held the inaugural ceremony for the ICLEI East Asia headquarters in the Jaeneung Building located in Sogong-dong, Jung-gu on October 19. For three days from October 18 (Thu) to 20 (Sat), the government held a forum commemorating the opening of the office in the new City Hall along with other ICLEI  Seoul East Asia Days events. At the ICLEI World Congress held in Belo Horizonte, Brazil, in June 2012, Seoul and the ICLEI agreed to establish the East Asia headquarters in Seoul, and to hold a commemoration forum and the conferences of the WMCCC and the ICLEI global executive committee. Most notably, Mayor Park was selected to take over as the next chairman of the WMCCC from the current incumbent, the mayor of Mexico City, at the June 17 WMCCC conference. Mayor Park officially took office, and presided over the meetings, at the Seoul conference held in October. The Seoul conference, held under the title of ICLEI-Seoul East Asia Days, was attended by more than 300 people including Mayor Park, the leaders of twenty cities in fifteen foreign countries, local mayors and heads of local governments, officials of international organizations, experts, and representatives of civic groups. The opening of the ICLEI East Asia headquarters was timed to take place with the hosting of the international conference. The ICLEI East Asia headquarters covers cities in six countries, namely, South Korea, China, Japan, Taiwan, Mongolia and North Korea. Along with the support of the headquarters, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is planning to expand the membership base, both in China, which has just one member city, and in Mongolia, which is yet to choose a member city, and to share some useful policy information with its member cities with the aim of establishing itself as a hub of international environmental networks. 
A Seoul City representative has stated that the city administration will reduce the financial burden on citizens in preparation for the winter season, and maintain a lower national loan interest rate than the governments current loan rates to enable businesses to participate in the project to improve building energy efficiency. The fund amount ranges from 1 billion won to 2 billion won for each case, totaling 22.5 billion won. The city administration has announced a scheme to invigorate loan support for the building energy efficiency project, with the aim of improving the support conditions of the building retrofit project marginally in order to reduce the demand for energy. This invigoration plan, based on an analysis of the BRP, lowered the standards for candidates and expanded the number of participants after considering the suggestions from property owners, the ESCO Association, architects, energy management corporations, etc. The city administration is expecting that the new loan support invigoration plan will make it easier for apartment houses, sales facilities, buildings owned by religious organizations, and energy-consuming colleges and hospitals which had difficulty participating in the BRP to manage their participation in the project to improve energy efficiency more effectively. Success Cases of the Building Retrofit Project 
Seoul Metropolitan Government is holding the Seoul Lantern Festival 2012 from November 2 (Fri) to 18 (Fri) in the Choenggyecheon area. The 4th Annual Lantern festival will display a dazzling array of some 35,000 lanterns along a 1.5km stretch of the Cheonggyecheon between Cheonggye Plaza near Mojeongyo Bridge and Seungyo Bridge. The lanterns will be lit everyday from 5pm to 11pm. Under the theme of Seouls Roots, the Lifestyle of Our Ancestors, Seoul City will display the lanterns according to four major themes: Hanyangdoseong Fortress, The Story of Our Ancestors Over 600 Years, The Daily Life of Our Ancestors, and Open Seoul. 
The Rediscovering the Traditional Market exhibition will be held at the Design Gallery, Dongdaemun History & Culture Park. Sponsored by Seoul Design Foundation, the Rediscovering Traditional Market exhibition will showcase the excellent product ideas and designs that originated from the different points of view of five artists and designers who observed the traditional market located around the Dongdaemun History & Culture Park. As such, Rediscovering the Traditional Market represents a rediscovery of love for the market, as well as a reimagining of the markets design through the eyes of experts. Rediscovering the Traditional Market will help us to review the close relationship between life and design and to enjoy comparing the different viewpoints of the design experts in their respective fields of image design, architecture, hanbok design, display planning, and so on. Lectures are also planned to help further visitors understanding of the exhibited works. The lectures will be given in the form of Wiki talks where participants will be encouraged to freely exchange their thoughts and opinions. The theme of the lectures is Good Design, Ethical Design and each artist will share his or her insights concerning objects found around the marketplace. The event will take place on the October 27th, and we expect an abundant and lively discourse on design and life. This exhibition, viewed through the eyes of the designers, will also suggest alternative ways in which the quality of our lives can be enhanced, by experimenting with new possibilities for exploiting the ordinary and popular spaces at Dongdaemun. An insider from the Seoul Design Fund stated, The Rediscovering the Traditional Market exhibition will help us look back at the relevance of the traditional market. At the same time, the exhibition, which is aimed at the discovery of new possibilities, will raise the question, What will you buy? through designs that are closely related to our lives, and help us with the process of answering that question.
The government chose the 19 most energy-efficient buildings from the 500 large buildings that were registered for Seouls eco-mileage system from January through June and will give a mayors reward with financial support from 5,000,000 KRW to 10,000,000 KRW for further energy efficiency investments in late September. Seoul Citys Eco-mileage System has been implemented since 2009 to give various incentives to citizens who reduce their energy use of electricity, water, gas, heating at home, or in general buildings. Civic groups and experts will participate in the process of selecting the outstanding buildings and will give an overall evaluation of the energy reduction rates and energy-saving cases. Outstanding cases will be published and distributed with the hope for other citizens to join the energy-saving movement. The 9 large buildings that saved a total amount of 2,953 TOE (tonne of oil equivalent) from their usual yearly energy usage amount of 2,000 TOE and more include Konkuk University Medical Center, Yoido Full Gospel Church, Techno Mart 21, International Electronics Center, BAUHAUS Mall, Korea University Anam Hospital, SK Telecom T Tower, APMMNC, and Central City. The saved amount is equivalent to the reduction of 7,847 tons of CO2.The other 10 buildings that were under 200-2,000 TOE included LG Electronics Inc. (Gangsuh), KT Inc., Gansuh Songdo Hospital, DAESDL Inc., Good Morning City Shopping Mall, Korea Securities Finance Corporation, Gold Century Building, Palace Hall, Taeyeong Management, and the KTB Shrines Building. TOE is equivalent to one ton of oil, which is approximately 107 kcal. This amount is enough for a medium-sized car to go to Seoul and return to Busan 16 times. With this amount of electricity, a regular household can use 280 kWh/month for approximately one year and four months.
The 2012 City Center Movie Campers  Tent All Night screenings where you can watch movies from tents installed on rooftops will be held every Thursday night from this coming 11 to December 6. Tent All Night, run by Seoul Art Space_Seogyo, is a unique film festival that will be set up on the first floor deck and rooftop of the Seoul Art Space_Seogyo building. Participants can enjoy movies and even do some light cooking using camping equipment every Thursday from 7 pm to 10 pm. Four tent theatres will be set up, each of which will screen different movies according to a given theme, so participants can choose which tent and hence which type of movie they want to see. Theatres 1, 2, and 4 will be erected on the centers roof and Theatre 3 on its first floor.Theatre 1, titled Grand Films, will occasionally screen surprising blockbusters hidden among other films such as science fiction, epoch dramas, and epic films that show the grandeur of nature. Theatre 2, called Refreshing Films, will show romantic and youthful movies. This theatre is sure to attract young couples to this excellent dating venue. Theatre 3, located on the first floor of the center, will screen Sensuous Films and will be restricted to viewers aged 19 and over. It will feature quality movies that integrate sexual themes and imagination. Theatre 4, which is both a theatre and a cafeteria, will screen movies under the theme of Big Handful Box Office. During the week, viewers at this theatre will be able to vote during the week for the most popular Diversity Movie of the Week screened at the center. In addition to the pleasure of watching these fascinating movies, cine concerts will be hosted and a rooftop camping ground will be made available.The cine concerts will feature Ujungdokbohaeng from Salon Badavi, the epitome of the young Indie bands in the Hongdae area, specially chosen for this event. In addition, a widescreen two room house theatre, officially sponsored by Coleman, a household name in camping equipment, will feature a unique camping experience in the city center. Further details of the programs can be found at the Seoul Art Spaces website, http://eng.seoulartspace.or.kr/main/main.asp. Anyone wishing to participate in the events must make an advance reservation by email at seogyo@sfac.or.kr. As the number of participants will be strictly limited, applications will be accepted on a first-come first-served basis. You may call the Management Office of the Seoul Art Space_Seogyo at +82-2-333-7219. 
If you are thinking of having a wedding, why not send a request to the Citizens Hall, which will open in the basement of the new City Hall on January 12 next year. It will also house a Citizens Plaza, a Gallery, an Exhibition Hall, and an Event Hall, which our citizens will be able to use for diverse purposes. To commemorate the opening of the new City Hall in a special way, we will host the First Wedding at the New City Hall in the Event Hall. To that end, the City of Seoul will accept applications to become the first couple to wed at the First New City Hall Wedding. Applications should be submitted from Friday, October 12 to Saturday, October 20, 2012 at the Citizens Naver Cafe: (http://cafe.naver.com/simincheong). The wedding will be held at the Event Hall (703.4) of the Citizens Hall, which can accommodate about 150 guests. Fees are about 100,000 ~ 200,000 won. The bride and groom must receive marital education beforehand, and only a simple reception with light snacks or sandwiches may be held.The First New City Hall Wedding will be highlighted by a number of talented professionals who will donate their services free of charge, including a master of ceremony, congratulatory singers, photographer, etc. The couple will also be able to receive assistance from a socially responsible wedding company hired by the City of Seoul. However, it is up to the couple to elect to use the services of a socially responsible company, the costs of which will be borne by the couple. For further information on the wedding at the Citizens Hall, please contact +82-2-2133-6416~9. The City plans to make the Event Hall at the New City Hall available for one wedding ceremony per week on Saturdays for Seoul citizens. 
The chairs in the Mayors conference room are ones that have actually been used by Seoul citizens. Early in his term as Seoul Mayor, Park Won Soon placed a recycled and restored conference table in his office. Now, he has filled it conference chairs that were either donated by Seoul citizens or made from recycled wood. The twelve chairs in the office are divided into three thematic categories, namely, Chairs filled with the traditions and traces of Seoul, Seoul societys model citizen chairs, and Chairs symbolic of the citys administrative philosophy, to embody the lives of our citizens in the past, present and future. The chairs have either undergone partial repairs or been made of recyclable wood. A City official said, These chairs have an important symbolic meaning, in that the Citys administrators will always be reminded that our citizens and their lives come first in all of our decisions whenever they gather to sit on these chairs in the mayors office where diverse discussions and policy making take place. The collection of chairs will be on display during the opening tour of the new City Hall building and will actually be used in the conference room. 
Seoul citizens will receive a certificate of appreciation because public institutions, private facilities, homes, etc., a total of 630,000 facilities, participated in the worlds largest campaign, Earth Hour, on March 31, saving energy worth a total of 2.3 billion won.Representatives of the world headquarters of the WWF (World Wide Fund for Nature) Earth Hour group, the sponsor of the campaign, will present the certificate of appreciation to Mayor Won Soon Park, who represents Seouls citizens, in his office at 6PM on Monday, September 10.The Global Lights Out event was originally launched in Sydney in 2007 under the leadership of the WWFs Earth Hour group, and is now the worlds largest environmental event, attracting the participation of billions of people from more than 5,000 cities in 135 countries on five continents.The WWF, founded in September 1961, is the worlds largest independent conservation organization, with its headquarters in Switzerland. The WWF Earth Hour group, established after the launch of the Global Lights Out 2007 campaign event, oversees global environmental campaigns in cooperation with its predecessor agency, the World Wide Fund for Nature.This years Global Lights Out event was held under the theme of Lets Give the Earth a Rest with 60 Minutes of Lights Out. Citizens hosted various participatory events together, with the aim of raising public awareness of the need to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, inside Noksapyeong Station in Seoul, and representatives of the twenty-five autonomous regions visited large buildings to encourage Seoul citizens to participate in the Global Lights Out event. Seoul Mayor Won Soon Park participated in the production of the Global Lights Out promotional video, which was used to promote the event via the WWF homepage and SNS.The representatives of the world headquarters of the WWF Earth Hour group stated that the reason for their visit was the unprecedented performance resulting from Seoul Citys full support and citizens fervent participation.Mayor Won Soon Park said, I will continue to actively cooperate in 2013 to enable us to better address climate change, prevent global warming, and save energy through the Global Lights Out events, adding, I expect the stories of active Seoul citizen participants will be spread to the world to serve as the impetus for many more people to participate in the campaign.
http://www.ted.comThe TEDxCity2.0 event was held simultaneously at over 70 cities around the world on Saturday, October 13. The TED (Technology, Entertainment, Design), regarded as the worlds best lecture conference, was built around the premise that revolutionary ideas change people and, ultimately, the world. The Conference seeks to create a platform where knew knowledge and experience in various fields are shared. The special feature of this years conference consists in giving speakers with revolutionary ideas eighteen minutes to share their innovative thinking with the audience. This years event was created to commemorate the awarding of the TED Prize to an idea named City 2.0 rather than awarding individuals who are involved in implementing revolutionary projects, as it has usually done over the years. The Conferences were held at cities all over the world including Chicago, Beijing, Sydney, and Mumbai to name but a few. In Seoul, a total of nine speakers, including Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon, gave presentations on related themes. At TEDxCity2.0, experts from diverse fields presented their own ideas and solutions to multiple problems that cities all over the world are facing, and particularly those that cannot be solved by current paradigms. Mayor Park Won-soon gave his 18-minute talk on how the current administrative paradigm can be transformed based on the Sharing City of Seoul policy and on the philosophy and values of sharing. The Sharing City of Seoul policy is being planned to foster the sharing of space, materials, and information in an effort to heighten awareness of the great social value of cooperation. The City of Seoul is also preparing to launch an Open Innovation event aimed at forming diverse civic networks and promoting cooperation in the near future. With this event, the City plans to not only cooperate with the TEDx network, but to research urban reform programs all over the world, expand on their success, and review various project possibilities.
Seoul Metropolitan Government has announced that Car-Free Week in Seoul will be run (9/17-9/23) under the theme of Car-Free Day in Seoul and co-sponsored by the Green Transportation Movement and other civic groups. The city is running a signature campaign for its Car-Free Day via the homepage (www.carfreeday.or.kr) to encourage citizens to take an interest and participate in the Car-Free Day in Seoul campaign by walking, cycling, or using public transportation to get to work rather than driving. Furthermore, Seoul City and the Car-Free Day in Seoul 2012 civic organization will sponsor various programs on the sidewalks aimed at getting citizens to use public transportation instead of driving their own cars on the Car-Free Day in Seoul, and there will be other Car-Free Day events in the twenty-five autonomous regions from the 17th(Monday) to the 23rd(Sunday). Notably, on Sunday, September 23rd, Seoul citizens will have an opportunity to directly participate in various citizen experience events and experience fun and interesting programs on the pedestrian-only streets of Sejong-ro. From 6AM to 7PM on Sunday, 23rd, which is the last day of the Car-Free Week in Seoul, a demonstration of pedestrian-only streets will be operated in the section between the Gwanghwamun Samgeori and Sejongno Sageori (550m) for pedestrians and cyclists only. The area between the two intersections will be blocked both ways for three hours from 6AM to 9AM, and only one way from 9AM to 7PM. Jeong Hong-sun, head of Eco-friendly Transportation Division of Seoul, advised citizens to use public transportation and bypass the pedestrian-only section on Car-Free Day, adding, I hope our citizens will participate as it will help to revitalize the use of public transportation, making Seoul free of cars. The Car-Free Day was originally established in 1997 with the catchphrase In town without my car in the seaport of La Rochelle in western France. Since then, this practical campaign has spread to numerous cities, with as many as 2,268 cities and villages in 43 countries having participated as of 2011.
After completing the construction of the new Seoul City Hall in four years and five months, Seoul City held the opening ceremony on October 13 (Sat.), 2012. Held under the vision of Citizens are the Executors of Seoul Citys Administrative Affairs, the ceremony was very meaningful in that it was the first day of meeting Seoul Citys real owners. Mayor of Seoul Park Won Soon, foreign diplomats from 49 countries, including the UK, and representatives of Seouls citizens attended the ceremony. The opening ceremony consisted of traditional Korean house-warming activities in which a large number of citizens participated, such as treading on the earth god, braiding colorful cloth strings on a pole, and connecting hope strings. The treading on the earth god activity was performed at Seoul Plaza and in the new Seoul City Hall by the Citizens Traditional Music and Dance Troupe. Some fifty members of artist Kim Deok-sus samullori folk band played gongs and percussion instruments, creating a highly festive atmosphere. Furthermore, the Energy Guardian Angel Corps, organized by elementary school students in July, delivered a message of childrens hope, harmony, and energy saving by singing a song titled Protect the Planet, and Have Hope Wings. In addition, Seoul City invited the Clang Clang Choir, which won first prize at the Mapo Village Choir Contest for festive performances, to perform before the opening ceremony. Seoul City also offered citizens opportunities to tour the new Seoul City Hall on the day of the event under the New City Hall Building Tong Tong Tour program. In particular, thirty-four tour guides (20 Korean, 5 English, 4 Chinese, and 5 Japanese), who were selected from among the citys cultural tour interpreters and are currently working for Seoul City, told interesting stories about the Seoul City Building. With this opening ceremony, the construction of the new Seoul City building has now come to an end. Seoul City collected funds for the construction of its new building in 1996, and went through many ups and downs during its reviewal of numerous cultural heritage, landscape, and building height control issues, before the new building was finally completed on31-Aug after four years and five months. (Moving-in began on September 1.)
The city of Seoul is pursuing a promotion policy that is well-fitted for the necessities of the green SMEs in order for them to focus on developing technologies through funding, support for technology development and production, new markets for green products, green certification, filing patents, marketing support, management consulting, and cultivating a green technology workforce. Seoul will also support the green certification system that recognizes promising green fields support green patent filing hold an investment information seminar for proposal writing, IR negotiation strategies, and presenting successful stories and it will provide training sessions on attracting investments. Furthermore, the city of Seoul will hold online and offline exhibitions, expositions, and other venues to create new markets for green products and will provide the opportunity to outstanding green SMEs to present their outstanding products in the Green Growth Expo this October. The city of Seoul hopes to have green SMEs with high technology. The city also hopes that the SMEs will passionately utilize all of the support for green businesses, in the forms of business marketing, patent support, creating new markets, etc. in order for Seoul to have more competitive green SMEs.
The city of Seouls representative announced that the city along with Kim Sang-beom (Vice Mayorfor Administrative Affairs), Baik Woo-sug (CEO of OCI Inc.), and Kim Jeong-uk (CEO of Energy and Peace) signed the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) on investing approximately 300 billion won until 2014 in installing a 100MW solar power facility. The MOU was signed in the Small Conference Room in the City Hall Annex Building at 10:30 AM on the 6th (Thursday).OCI Inc. is a global green energy chemical company (certified by the government as Koreas No. 1 Green Company) that produces polysilicon, vacuum insulators, sapphire ingots, etc. in the renewable energy sector and other products in the oil and coal chemicals sector and in the inorganic fine chemicals sector. Energy and Peace was founded in 2006 with the purpose of bringing in an energy welfare society by amplifying and providing renewable energy to the third world and people who are suffering from energy shortages. The company established and is operating a solar power plant called the, Energy Share Power Plant, for public interest. The company is also in partnership with OCI for social welfare activities. The city of Seouls representative expects that through the MOU for solar power investment and financial support from Hanwha Solar, which was signed on August 13th, the total investment of 600 billion won from the private sector will be a great workhorse for the development of the new renewable energy-related industries by securing 62.5% of 320MW, which is our installation target by 2014.
Seven universities in Seoul are participating in the activity to save energy by 10% by 2014. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will be holding a Memorandum of Understanding signing ceremony and a ceremony for College Energy Keepers with seven universities (Seoul National University of Science and Technology, Seoul National University, University of Seoul, Seoul Womens University, Yonsei University, Ewha Womans University, and Chung-Ang University).At the ceremony, Park Won Soon, who is the current mayor of Seoul Lee Jang Moo, who is the Chair of the Climate Change Center (CCC) the chancellors and the vice-chancellors of the seven universities and College Energy Keepers acknowledged that solving energy problems together is an important project for them to make the city of Seoul healthy and sustainable, and they promised to have each university voluntarily save energy that is used in certain buildings by 10% by 2014. The 60 Energy Keepers from each university will be the leaders of the college energy-saving project. They will monitor to check if the lights are turned on in empty classrooms and if there is any energy being wasted unnecessarily and they will report any such cases to the school. Also, they will have a leading role in raising awareness about energy conservation and having on-campus energy-saving campaigns in order to start an energy-saving culture on campus.In the process, the Climate Change Center will provide a variety of education and information for the Energy Keepers for their energy-saving activities and will monitor the energy usage of each college on a monthly basis.Currently, there are 413 energy-intensive buildings (buildings with a yearly energy usage of more than 2,000 TOE), including 19 universities. The energy usage amount of these universities takes up 4.6% of the total amount of the energy used by the energy-intensive buildings.Kim Yeong-seong, the Head of the Environmental Policy Division, stated, I expect that starting with this agreement with the civic groups and schools on voluntarily partnering with the 7 universities for energy-saving, the universities in Seoul will become learning places that can respond to climate changes and the energy crisis by leading the way in energy-saving activities.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced that it had launched a corps of volunteer energy watchers composed of fourth through ninth graders. The City held a launch ceremony for the corps at the Seoul Education Training Institute on September 11. The young volunteers will carry out such activities as putting out lights where their use is unnecessary, checking the proper indoor temperature in places where an air-conditioner is on, and reducing the frequency of opening fridge doors, etc. in a drive to reduce energy waste in schools and homes. The Seoul Metropolitan Government said that it launched the corps to reduce energy waste amid a drastic increase in the use of power during the dog days of summer and to encourage children to form the habit of saving energy in their everyday lives. The number of the volunteers was originally set at 3,000, but there were actually 9,705 applicants, thus attesting to childrens high interest in this worthy cause. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced a plan to replace all lighting within the city with LED lighting by 2030 (all public lighting by 2018) under the Seoul, a Mecca for LED Lighting vision. The plan is designed to cut power use within the city drastically by using LED lighting, based on the finding of a survey that lighting accounts for about 20% of the citys power use, and is the most energy consuming source in 37% of the buildings that consume the most power in the City. It is reported that LED lighting uses 30% less energy than fluorescent lighting and 80% less than standard incandescent bulbs. Under the related short-term plan, the Government plans to provide 800,000 LED lighting units to the public sector and 7 million to the private sector in order to accomplish its objective by 50% and 25%, respectively, by 2014. This should translate into a decrease in power use by 1,100Gwh a year, i.e. 30 times the power used by the 63 Building (35 Gwh in 2011), and equal to an annual saving of 120 billion won. The Government plans to control the level of illumination of 1.32 million outdoor lighting units, in what will be the first such attempt ever made by a local government. The City also plans to designate a model village where all lighting will be replaced by LED lighting in each district by 2014. Concerning the replacement with LED lighting, the City will lend up to one billion won and have each district office repay it in the form of power charges thus saved. In the second half of this year alone, the City plans to install one million LED lighting units by signing agreements with large-sized marts, construction companies, and other large businesses. It will also plan to form an LED specialty zone to encourage the domestic LED lighting industry in the second half of next year. 
The Seoul Global Culture & Tourism Center is holding two Hallyu Star Makeup Classes themed Looks Lovely Doll to showcase the latest makeup trends on September 27 (Thu) and October 25 (Thu). The classes are being held in response to foreigners increasing interest in Korean cosmetics in light of the recently opened CosmeRoad (Cosmetics + Road, in Myeong-dong) and its vicinity being established as a must-shop course for foreign tourists. Not only Asian makeup artists, but also over sixty renowned makeup artists from over ten nations will participate in the classes. With well-known makeup artists lecturing and demonstrating the latest trendy makeup tips, participants in the classes will learn first-hand how to master these exciting Korean makeup techniques. The classes will be held for 90 minutes, with volunteer interpreters (English, Chinese, Japanese) offering their services to foreign participants. 
Famous people representing Seoul and Korea have stepped up to the plate to promote the practice of energy saving and production. So called Donating Talents, it is a new type of donating where an individual talent is not only used for individual profit or enhancement but used for the benefit of the society. Its ultimate purpose, through the donation of the talents, is to induce the practice of energy saving and production. Professor Emeritus Yun Ho-seop of Kookmin University, regarded as the First Green Designer-Activist will donate his Sunshine Angel Dongeuri ^^. The BI open competition awardees and experts will develop the BI that embodies the 10 business characteristics through a mentoring program. In addition, five artists have donated their hand-held fan designs for the lodgment of a healthy room temperature (air-conditioned temperature setting of above 26). Five athletes  Jang Sin-gwon (marathon), Kim Ji-hun (male, gymnastics), Lee Min-hye (female, cycling), Heo Min-ho (Triathlon), all of whom competed for our nation at the London Olympic Games, and Lee Sang-hwa (speed skating) will participate in a photo shoot using the fan designed to represent Korea, all for the Energy Saving Campaign. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold a unique policy discussion festival titled Policy Expo for Seoul of Hope, which has been conceived to allow not only Seoul City citizens but also foreigners and anyone who loves Seoul to freely suggest policies to the City administration. The event will take place in Seoul New City Hall and the Seoul Plaza from October 13 ~ 14, 2012 (Sat-Sun). The Policy Expo for Seoul City of Hope is inspired by Swedens democratic discussion culture, known as Almedalen Politics Week, a historic event that celebrated its 45th anniversary this year and in which some 14,000 people participate in 1,500 debates each year. It has been modified for the situation in Seoul. Under the main theme Occupy Seoul, the exposition will comprise seven different categories of policy debate subdivided into three different areas: Policy Sharing, Communication, and Political Participation. In addition, a further six events related to the environment, welfare, and culture will be held altogether. The city is providing event information and accepting applications for participation in advance at the following website (ideaexpo.seoul.go.kr). Policy Sharing During the Administrative Policy Debate, citizens opinions will be heard and certain policies that need to be publicized will be selected for sharing. Administrative staff, experts, and citizens will discuss and share their opinions through debates, seminars, and other methods. Sharing Citizens are welcome to participate in communicative events such as the Policy Concert and the 2012 Village Story, at which citizens can introduce their joyful village lives and community activities, and the Open Discussion for Small Enterprises.Political ParticipationThe Citizens Political Ideas Market is an open political space where administrative staff, including the chief director, will receive political ideas suggested by citizens. Among the political ideas incorporated into Seouls policy, citizens who suggest outstanding ideas will become candidates for the Creativity Award for Seoul of Hope and will be considered for a prize of up to 3,000,000 won. Citizen Participation Hanmadang is a forum where citizens can freely present various opinions and new policy agendas and ask for peoples interest and support. Any individual or group wishing to participate in this event can apply on the Policy Expo website (ideaexpo.seoul.go.kr.) This event is open for anyone who would like to lead debates as long as the topics are related to the policies of Seoul City. All discussion of racist or inhumane topics, or slandering or advertising of a particular candidate or political party is strictly prohibited.If there are too many applicants wishing to lead the debates, the leaders will be accepted on a first-come, first-served basis, and the decisions will be posted on the website. There is no regulation on how the debates should be led or on the participants qualifications, but the leaders will be prohibited from charging entrance fees or any other fees. The Citizens Have a Voice event, which is normally held in Cheonggye Plaza every Saturday, will take place in the Seoul Plaza only on Saturday, October 13, 2012. Anyone can speak freely for up to ten minutes on any topic, and no qualification is required for the speaker. It will be broadcast live on the Internet TV and tbsFM. Related Events Diverse events will be held in the Seoul Plaza and other nearby venues during the Policy Expo, including the New City Hall Opening Ceremony, the Eco-friendly Food Festival in Gwanghwamun Square, the Walking Through 600 Years of Seoul in One Day Walking Game, Making Eco-notes, the Big Dream event in the Cheonggye Plaza, and the NBA 3X Street Basketball Competition and the Seoul Race hosted by Seoul City, Dong-Ah Newspaper, and NBA. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will be providing spaces available atop government buildings and Arisu Center to a proprietor of solar energy generation business at a low cost so that more energy can be generated. The Government will provide the solar energy generation proprietor 3 basic environmental facilities, 5 government buildings for a total of 8 locations as model locations. It is expected that from the rooftops of these government buildings, an annual supply of 5,750 MWh, will be generated for use by 1,600 households. For this, the Government has amended its regulations, reduced the rent for the commonly-owned properties from 5% to 1%, resolved solar energy regulations concerning residential areas and the like, and will improve the complicated approval procedures, so that a foundation upon which expansion of new renewable energy distribution can be actively pursued. According to the Seoul Institute, there are 670,000 buildings in Seoul, and the total roof area is around 102.6 , which is 1/6 of the area of Seoul itself at 605 . In addition, the total solar energy that can be potentially generated is 200 million TOE, which is the same in scale to what the Government set as the energy savings/generation goal to be achieved by 2014. 
Seoul Metropolitan Government has designated a section of Sejong-ro as a pedestrian-only street to be reserved exclusively for pedestrians and cyclists. All vehicles including public transportation will be prohibited from using the 550-meter strip between the Gwanghwamun three-way intersection in front of the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts and the Sejong-ro sageori on a trial basis beginning on Sunday, September 23. Along with the public transportation-only zone in Sinchon, which is suppose to open from 2014, the pedestrian-only street is part of the Pedestrian-Friendly City project announced by Mayor Park Won Soon during his visit to Curitiba, Brazil back in June. Seoul City selected Sejong-ro as the first pedestrian-friendly street in the trial program because it is situated close to a number of palaces and museums and is a main road connecting southern and northern downtown, and because many central government offices and business buildings are located there. To symbolize the return of this busy, traffic-congested street to pedestrians, the city government has prepared a variety of events in which Seoul citizens will be able to participate while walking freely along it.On the street in front of the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts, various events will be held to promote cycling, an environmentally-friendly means of transportation, and to make bicycles more accessible. The events will include the 4th Seoul Bicycle Parade, a Slowpoke Bike Contest, an Experience Exotic Bicycles event, and BMX performances.In Gwanghwamun Square in front of the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts, people will be able to buy agricultural products and seafood items by bypassing the middlemen, as well as purchasing agricultural products directly from urban farmers at the farmers market. Civil groups and social businesses will open the Reuse and Recycle Share Market. In addition, people can sell their unused belongings at the flea market, the profits from which will be used to promote recycling and sharing. In the Car-free Week event to be held at Sejongno Park members of the public can find out all about the Car-Free Week program, including how to join it and what are its effects. Environmentally-friendly driving ideas will also be displayed, and visitors to the event will be able to experience environmentally-friendly driving. Three performance centers including Teurak at the cultural square of the Sejong Center for Performing Arts will stage diverse performances by street artists, a Korean traditional music ensemble, a Korean traditional dance group, and various independent bands. Seoul City will prepare its Comprehensive Plan for Sejong-ro, Pedestrian-Only Street after monitoring the trial events and listening to the opinions of local residents and businessmen. From the long-term perspective, the city will supplement and systemize the plan to implement the pedestrian-only road. The city will also introduce a variety of performances and cultural events to Sejong-ro in a bid to transform it into an open cultural street where the road becomes both stage and seating, like the streets around Hongik University, and to promote Sejongs unique sustainable citizen culture.
Seoul Metropolitan Government has been making considerable efforts to introduce and promote its financial and investment climate to Hong Kong, the worlds leading financial and economic center, with its marketing efforts to attract global financial institutions gathering pace. On Wednesday, September 12th at 10AM (local time), Seoul City, in cooperation with the Financial Supervisory Service, hosted the 2012 Financial Hub Seoul Conference at the Hong Kong Conrad Hotel, in a bid to promote Seouls current financial investment climate on the wider world stage. On the day approximately 200 executives from seventy globally high-ranking financial institutions, including UBS, BNY Mellon, Bank of China, and Goldman Sachs among others, attended the conference. The city has been ambitiously making preparations with key financial infrastructural institutions, including IFC Seoul, so that by the year 2020 Seoul will emerge as one of the three financial hubs of Asia, and hosted this conference as leading foreign financial companies guided Seouls advancement.At the conference Seouls financial industries and the Yeouido Financial Center were the centerpieces of the presentation aimed at the worlds most reputable and influential financial institutions such as UBS, BNY Mellon, Bank of China, Goldman Sachs, etc. Other points that were vigorously promoted towards foreign financial companies included tax breaks, financial aid, relief, and financial regulations. Seoul also emphasized the fact that it has been making broad strides in becoming a global city leading the field of foreign investment by making improvements for foreign residents in terms of both their facilities and lifestyle, with new schools, apartment buildings, and medical facilities specifically designed for foreigners all under construction. Seouls improved living conditions for foreign investors, greater supply of housing for foreigners, and advanced medical facilities are all playing a hand in the sharply rising investment interest. That afternoon the government contracted a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with four companies  including two of the United Kingdoms largest asset management corporations, namely, Hermes BPK Partners and Threadneedle Investments, Chinas Bosera Asset Management, and the United Arab Emirates National Bank of Abu Dhabi  to collaboratively build financial centers in Seoul and Yeouido and secure its breakthrough as a financial center. Having concluded MOUs with major global financial institutions, Seoul anticipates becoming the latest city to enter and advance into the global financial market as a financial center, and also looks forward to attracting interest from global leaders in finance in Yeouidos market as well.Moreover, with the slowing of Europes and the USs global finances, the Asian market is attracting ever more attention, raising expectations that global financial institutions will advance into Seoul due to the strong impression it has made with its efforts to foster itself as a financial hub and its forward investments 
The Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corporation held a nostalgia-oriented school uniform fashion show under the theme of Sketches of Youth at the waterfront stage at Ogansugyo(Bridge) in Cheonggye 6(yuk)-ga, Jung-gu, Seoul on September 8. Eighteen silver generation models and twenty-one citizen models joined ten professional models to model school uniforms, jeans, female business attire, and more, creating an unusual fashion show that transcended the generations.Women in their 60s or older who had aspired to become professional models in their youth, but who failed to fulfill their dream, were given the chance to take the stage at this moving event. They were followed by professional models who paraded in female business attire designed by Max and Spencer, this autumns hottest new trend.First launched in April 2008, thirty-eight Cheonggyecheon waterfront fashion shows, featuring about 400 professional models and attracting over 100,000 visitors to this one-of-a-kind stage, have been held since then. Events are staged regularly every first Saturday of the month from April to October based on a harmonious union of water and fashion. Cultural programs such as these have played a large part in contributing to the revitalization of Dongdaemun Fashion Town.
In Seoul, due to the moisture and humidity of the summer rainy season, mold tends to spread on wallpaper and flooring, which many needy families cannot replace for lack of money. However, in September, replacement wallpaper and flooring materials will be installed in the homes of 530 families living on low incomes. With Chuseok, the Korean Thanksgiving, fast approaching, work will be carried out to ensure that struggling neighbors will be able to hold their memorial services in a clean home and that warm, caring neighbors can share their affection for them. Notably, as the follow-up to the Desired Ondol Project, Desired Ondol, Making Happy Rooms is on its way to becoming a company. This project is not being executed with the companys budget, but rather has been made possible by generous-spirited Seoul citizens, who play a key role by making donations or volunteering their time. Gaenari Wallpaper (GNI), Tooban, and other companies supplied sufficient wallpaper for 3,000 families and flooring for 500 families. From July to late August in Seouls twenty-five municipal districts, 2,037 volunteers and 111 different welfare centers and other private organizations (209 organizations in total) helped 1,114 families, including elderly people living alone, single-parent families, children being raised by their grandparents, and abandoned children, by replacing damaged wallpaper and flooring, cleaning homes, and carrying out simple home repairs. They aim to have helped a total of 3,000 families by the end of this year.Gwanak-gu has pushed ahead with the Making Happy Rooms company using the 18,000,000 won in support funds given by the Gwanak-gu Community Cooperative Council Jungnang-gus community has formed the Happy Room Peace Corps, which to date has completed 110 happy rooms and Guro-gu has formed an agreement with local construction companies and together installed screen doors and windows for 300 families. Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon said, Im delighted that our struggling neighbors will be able to celebrate Chuseok in clean homes, adding, In order to continue creating warm communities where neighbors look after one another, such public-private cooperative efforts should be expanded continuously. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is set to start helping small and medium-sized manufacturers to promote their green products, including companies that manufacture innovative and creative environmentally-friendly products such as wet tissue, waterless toilets, and other goods that are sure to pique our curiosity. The government selected the products after conducting a thorough review, and is due to publish the Green Product Guide Book, which will serve as a consumers guide to green products. Only green products whose contribution to saving resources and reducing pollution is superior to other products are chosen. In order to help sell these products and raise consumer confidence about purchasing them, the government will print the goods with the Public Procurement Services G2B identification number and promote government agencies purchase thereof. In addition, the government, in order to raise awareness of products made by socially disadvantaged groups, will ensure that they carry the Environment Mark Seal and the Good Recycling Seal (GR), as well as Manufactured by the Disabled, Socially Responsible Company and Womens Company marks. 
Seoul Metropolitan Government hosted the Seoul, Finding Your Dream Job Fair, which attracts many companies looking to recruit talented individuals, six times between April and September of this year. Some 336 citizens were offered jobs while attending the fair. The Finding Your Dream Job Fair had Seoul and its surrounding regions dig up hidden job openings, thus giving jobseekers an easily accessible spot to uncover them, and setting it apart from other job fairs. The six monthly job fairs were attended by 2,766 jobseekers in total, with the number of those successfully employed amounting to 336, i.e., an average of about 56 people per fair. The number of people likely to be employed is expected to increase considerably. Jobseekers in their 20s and 30s made up the largest group of new recruits, at 47%, followed by those in their 40s (25%), 50s (18%), 60s (10%).As regards people in their 50s and 60s, a socially vulnerable group in terms of employment, the percentage of those who found employment was approximately 30%. Meanwhile, the percentage of those attending the fairs without a high school diploma, also a socially neglected group in the field of employment, was high. Finding Your Dream Job Fair Homepage ( http://www.seouljob.or.kr )
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced that it has chosen Seongdaegol (Sangdo 3(sam) and 4(sa)-dong area), Dongjak-gu, and Siheung 4(sa)-dong (area near Sinheung Elementary School), Geumcheon-gu as Energy Independent Model Towns and pledged the citys concentrated support for them to achieve energy independence of up to 50% of the current levels. An Energy Independent Town is a town community where its citizens campaign for voluntary energy savings and other practices. The Model Towns will be achieving energy independence through Step 1  Saving Energy, Step 2  Minimizing Heat Energy Leaks, and Step 3  Expanding Use of New Renewable Energy. To do this, the Model Towns are planning to establish the vision and offer substantive education through community meetings, seminars and other means of active networking. The Government will also offer other benefits such as a low interest (2.5%) loan for BRP projects, financial support of up to 40% of the costs of installing solar energy equipment. On another note, it is expected that jobs will be created by local businesses participating in upgrading lighting to LED. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has set goals to increase the number of designated Model Towns from 2 to 25 by the year 2014, but with the caution that even one Model Town will be made the best possible model by supporting the budget from the side according to the levels of energy independence, rather than just increasing the numbers of the model towns for the numbers sake.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced that a recycling and sharing marketplace in the center of the City will open on Saturday, September 8th through Sunday, September 23rd from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. at the Gwanghwamun Square. Whereas the large-scale citizens marketplace has previously been taking place at places somewhat distant from the center, this marketplace will be opening in the center of the City at the Gwanghwamun Square to provide better access to the citizens.The Marketplace at the Gwanghwamun Square will feature organizations related with reuse, more than 10 socially responsible companies, craft artists who make wares with scrap cloth and leather, as well as a used-goods marketplace where citizens will be able to directly sell their own goods. All in all, a very colorful event where citizens will be able to experience the culture of reusing and sharing. This Recycling and Sharing Marketplace at Gwanghwamun Square will allow the citizens to directly sell their own goods, thereby providing the opportunity to provide them with the opportunity to practice reusing and live out the culture of sharing. In addition, with some of the major reuse charity stores in the nation participating, reusing and sharing culture is sure to be expanded and widely publicized to make the Marketplace a celebrated event for resource circulation. 
The Seoul Global Center is planning on working in conjunction with 9 Seoul City universities to launch a visiting orientation program for international students who are about to start a new academic semester this September. The orientation program will consist of a question and answer time that is aimed at providing the necessary information that international students who are adapting to their new lives in Seoul require, such as the use of public transportation and applying for mobile phone service. Moreover, Seoul Metropolitan Governments support services for foreigners living in Seoul and its various other services (immigration, tourism, banking, etc.) that are available at the Seoul Global Center will also be introduced so that the students can find answers to their questions. Seoul Metropolitan Government currently operates a variety of programs for international students, such as an International Student Forum and a Global Internship program (during the summer and winter vacation of each year), and these programs will be promoted to the participants of the orientation. 
The Seoul World Cup Stadium, which is a historical site where the Korea/Japan World Cup was held in 2002 and that is well regarded as a world-class structure, is being transformed into a production facility for creating environmentally friendly energy, such as solar power. The stadium is currently a popular cultural complex facility where people can watch soccer matches, shop, or see a performance, and the city plans to install solar panels at the stadium in order to promote awareness of new and renewable energy and to encourage the voluntary participation of citizens in the move towards clean energy sources. In order to install solar panels that complement the stadium, the stadium architect, Ryu Choon-soo, was sought after for advice and various facility locations and designs, such as the stands and roof, were reviewed. Taking the amount of sunlight, structural safety, and the aesthetics of the structure into consideration, it was finally decided that the panels should be installed on the connecting stairs that are located in Peace Plaza, which is within the World Cup Park and stadium. With the city planning to expand its solar power facilities to Haneul Park and Noeul Park, which are near World Cup Park, where there is abundant sunlight, these places, which have already been transformed from landfills to beloved ecological parks, will go through another transformation as being turned into energy-generating stations. Notably, the Seoul Energy Dream Center, which will be completed this coming November, will be 100% energy self-sufficient with its power being generated from solar panels. In order to proactively respond to the energy crises and detrimental climate changes, the city of Seoul plans to construct solar power-generation plants that are capable of producing a total of 320MW by the year 2014. With this goal in mind, the city is currently in the process of signing business agreements with Hanwha Solar, Korea Energy Management Corporation, and the Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education, and is seeking multidirectional ways to transform Seoul from a city of consumption into a city of production.
In celebration of the 20-year diplomatic relationship between Korea and China, the city of Seoul will host a Press Photo Exhibition commemorating the 20-year diplomatic relationship between Korea and China, at Seoul Plaza, which will be co-sponsored by the Chinese Embassy and Peoples Daily. This photo exhibition will open on Tuesday, September 4th and will continue for three days until Thursday, September 6th. At the opening ceremony, the Seoul Metropolitan Vice Mayor , officials from the Chinese Embassy and Peoples Daily will be present. At this exhibition, press photos of not only the background of the diplomatic relationship between Korea and China, but also of the active exchange between the two countries in the areas of politics, economics, society, culture, and sports since the establishment of this diplomatic relationship in 1992 will be on display. This exhibit will give visitors the opportunity to view the two countries relationship from various perspectives, as the historical development of the 20-year diplomatic relationship will be depicted in pictorial form. It is hoped that this will help to strengthen the convivial relationship between the two countries in the future. The Press Photo Exhibition commemorating the 20-year diplomatic relationship between Korea and China is organized into four categories: politics and diplomacy, society and economics, culture and scientific technology, and sports. Each exhibition category will display photos to allow visitors to appreciate the exchange and cooperation between the two countries. More than 200 press photos from both countries will be on display, and besides the photo exhibition, there will be other events such as a trick-eye photo zone that visitors can participate in.
Seoul Metropolitan Governments ambitious plan to construct a new city hall has finally bore fruit. After 4 years and 5 months of ups and downs the building will be complete on August 31st. The interior went public on August 27th before the relocation begins on September 1st. The capital citys new office is not only for official administration but includes cultural facilities for citizens to enjoy. Its previous building, which was recently registered as a cultural asset, has been converted into a library that has been newly named the Seoul Library. The library has 100,000 books in its catalogue and 390 seats. It is set to become a network hub for knowledge information. The 8th and 9th floors of the new city hall are multipurpose halls that are reserved for large conferences, presentations, and discussions and the halls can accommodate 500-700 attendees (including 197 fixed seats). The 3rd and 4th floors also have large conference rooms that are equipped with booths for simultaneous interpretation. Underground levels 1 and 2 will be open for public use. The newly established city hall was designed to generate 28.3% of its overall energy consumption from eco-friendly new regeneration energy, the largest of its kind in Korea. Its ground floor will be utilized as an Eco Plaza maximizing its air conditioning effects and air purification functions. Not only will this save energy but it will keep the lobby area pleasant all year round. There is a Green Wall, which is seven stories high and covers 1,600 of space, facing the glass wall. It will keep interior temperatures low during the hot summer months and clear the air of negative ions.
The Free overseas mailing of welcome postcards service is extremely popular among foreigners visiting Seoul. The service is being offered by the Seoul Metropolitan Government as part of its promotion of the 2010-2012 Visit Korea Years campaign. The Seoul Metropolitan Government is offering foreign tourists free postcards so that they can write to their families and friends back at home about their wonderful experiences and memories in Seoul. Once done with their writing, foreign tourists just put their postcards in the postboxes by them. The city government pays for the postage. The designs of the postcards include 8 major tourist assets of the capital city. The postcards are available at 11 places, including some major tourist information desks, throughout the city. A total of 33,000 post cards were sent overseas for three months from the end of April to the end of July 2012. They contained foreign visitors vivid stories and emotions about Seoul. The service is believed to have achieved significant word-of-mouth effects while upgrading the image of Seoul among a countless number of people. In terms of nationalities, 71% of the service users were Chinese, including people from Taiwan and Hong Kong, and 20% were Japanese. The weekly volume of postcards sent overseas so far this year has been around 2,000, which is a twofold increase over 2011. The government anticipates that more than 60,000 postcards will be mailed in 2012. In terms of advertising effects, it believes that the figure 60,000 could translate into 200,000, if not more, because the postcard recipients will amount to 60,000, as the number of people who just take the postcards with them will reach another tens of thousands, and the people who will hear positive comments from these people will also reach a few tens of thousands of people. Log on to : http://www.visitseoul.net
The Seoul Metropolitan Government held The 2nd Seoul Town Meeting 2012 in the Global Lounge of Yonsei University on Thursday, August 23. Mayor Park Won Soon and more than 100 international students and foreigners participated in the meeting. Various topics were dealt with and the students policy proposals concluded the event. The Seoul Town Meeting was launched in 2000 and 2012 marked its 13th anniversary. So far, the meetings have offered opportunities for foreigners from diverse backgrounds to talk about the discomforts they experience here in Seoul and ways to improve the daily lives of foreigners living in Seoul. The latest Seoul Town Meeting was combined with The 5th Seoul International Student Forum (SISF), which worked for two months in July and August 2012, to present policy changes for the city of Seoul. SISF has been run by the city since 2008. Selected international students in Seoul are required to experience the city administration for two months and to then present their innovative ideas. The goal is to create an environment that foreigners find comfortable. As of the end of March 2012, there are 30,000 international students in Seoul. The Seoul Town Meeting was finished off with the policy presentations on 6 topics by the 100 international students, who had been divided into 6 groups, that saw and experienced plenty of Seouls administration for the two months of July and August. Each team came up with their respective policy ideas through a lot of preparations and meetings.
The City of Seoul has successfully completed its Seoul online promotion utilizing the global public relations representative, the MBLAQ Asia Tour Concert, indelibly marking Seoul as the center of the hallyu (Korean wave) in the hearts of fans around the world. The City of Seoul held a contest running from June to the beginning of August through an online ticket promotion of the MBLAQ Asia Tour Concert (Indonesia, Thailand, Taiwan, Japan, etc.), with the theme If you could shoot a music video with MBLAQ in Seoul..? inviting people to film a short scene at a Seoul attraction, for which a total of 528 people entered. During the promotion period, the number of monthly visitors to the City of Seouls online channels doubled, confirming the consistently strong interest in hallyu content from people all around the world. The City of Seouls Facebook page is particularly steady in its online promotion of hallyu while serving as a communication window for hallyu fans around the world, and currently has 100,000 Seoul fans as members. Since 2010, with stars like Kim Hyun-joong, Xia Junsu, and MBLAQ at the center of the Korean Wave, and through the City of Seouls global public relations representative and active utilization of hallyu stars overseas concerts, giveaways, public relations videos, and online promotions, the City of Seouls overseas marketing has quickly developed through the internet, with eight of the City of Seouls overseas SNS channels attracting 50,000,000 Seoul fans as visitors. The focus on online marketing, which reaches far beyond regional boundaries, not only raises brand recognition and global awareness of the City of Seoul, but also offers a medium through which fans can experience Seoul and its fun, specialized hallyu content. As such, it continues to persuade people from around the world to visit Seoul. City of Seoul SNS channel status
In order to improve the educational environment for Seouls foreign residents and to heighten its competitiveness as a global city, Seoul Metropolitan Government has been operating the worlds most prestigious schools. The Dwight International School Seoul is the first international school to have been invited to Korea and constructed by the City of Seoul, and will open on August 20th (Monday) in Sangam-dong. Dwight International School Seoul has its primary campus in New York, USA, and is a well-known, prestigious school that already operates three additional international schools in London, England Vancouver, Canada and Beijing, China. Dwight International School Seoul will accept a total of 540 students from kindergarten to high school, with the percentage of Korean student enrolment strictly capped at 20 percent. In order to meet the entry requirements, native students must also have resided in a foreign country for three or more years. The current enrolment figures stand at 299 students from 26 countries, for a faculty of 46 teachers from 14 countries. Dwight International School Seoul has introduced the International Baccalaureate International Standardization Process for every grade level, and by using cutting-edge IT technology, the school has created an environment in which Internet can be freely accessed anywhere on the school premises. All classes will be conducted in English. Dwight International School Seoul is part of a long-term development plan which includes securing space within the school for the invitation of the IBO North-East Asia Center within a year of its opening. Furthermore, within three years, Seoul plans to secure its place as the educational hub of Northeast Asia by hosting the IB Convention in Seoul. The opening of Dwight International School Seoul brings the total number of international schools in Seoul, including Seoul Yongsan International School and Banpo Dulwich College Seoul, to twenty-two. International schools such as these, fully equipped with the facilities, space and curriculum desired by the international community, will help to ameliorate the regional imbalance and improve Seouls educational environment.
The actor Ji Sung, the singer Sean, the comedian Lee Su-geun, the musical director Kolleen Park, and the photographer Jo Se-hyeon: along with all these familiar names, twenty people known for their achievements in their respective fields, but who also dedicate their free time to community activities, were selected at the appointment ceremony as Seouls Honorary Hope Ambassadors on the 17th of last month. In addition to the above-named, the actors Gweon Hae-hyo, Lee Gwang-gi, Hwang Useulhye, Nam Gyu-ri, and Choe Bul-am the golfer Choe Gyeong-ju the tenor Im Tae-gyeong, and a number of others were appointed as honorary ambassadors. The role of an honorary ambassador will be expanded to that of an Ambassador of Seouls Citizens in a bid to encourage the ambassadors to become wish-fulfillers and dream-makers on behalf of the citizens of Seoul, by directing their respective talents to the production of promotional materials and participation in public events. In the near future, Seouls twenty Honorary Ambassadors will facilitate the spread of various activities designed as services for citizens (by taking part in lectures, volunteer work, etc.), primarily by offering their talents where needed to individuals, schools, organizations, traditional markets, and social enterprises that have fallen into adversity and are in need of courage and support. The appointment ceremony was particularly noteworthy for the on-location lottery and the reading of small contributions written by citizens on the subject of Dreams I want to come true: sixteen of the honorary ambassadors chose one each from the Lottery Event Sharing Peoples Dreams, taking the first step towards making each dream come true in their role as ambassadors. The citizens written requests for help were submitted on Seouls public homepage between August 8 (Thu) and 14 (Tue), and were randomly selected by the ambassadors attending the appointment ceremony with a view to making their dreams reality.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is joining with the Big Issue Korea, Co., KT, and the international development NGO Good People to administer a Social Networking Service (SNS) education program for 300 homeless people who are trying to reintegrate back into society, and will provide them with used smartphones donated by Korean citizens. The program will run for fifteen weeks from August 21(Tues.) to the end of December, with twenty students meeting twice a week (Tuesday and Thursday) for a total of six hours, focusing on such topics as Easy smartphone use, How to interact with society through SNS, and How to use applications. Under the sponsorship of the mobile communications company Eyes Vision, each person to complete the program will receive a smartphone with around 20,000 won of credit. From then on the users will be responsible for adding credit themselves. However, even if the credit runs out (except for calls and text messages), the phone will still function wherever free Wi-Fi is available. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will install Wi-Fi at every homeless shelter, making it possible for residents to use their smartphones at any time. By using their smartphones, homeless people who have been at a disadvantage regarding information can now access Worknet (Ministry of Employment and Labor application) anytime anyplace to search for employment information in real time. Also, those whose ties with family and friends had been severed as a result of being branded a failure in society, and who spend all their time in the shelter, will have the opportunity to interact naturally with society via social networking services (SNS).
Since the City of Seoul began supporting the production of foreign films in Seoul as a part of the citys marketing strategy back in 2007, films produced by 17 countries, including Japan, the United States, France, Malaysia and Thailand, have featured Seoul as a backdrop a total of 97 times. Seoul can also be seen in The Bourne Legacy, the fourth film in the Bourne series, which is scheduled for release this September. The city is also attracting attention as it appears in an Indonesian television drama and both French and American documentaries. In Southeast Asia, the formula filmed in Seoul equals guaranteed box office hit is becoming more widespread as the 2009 Thai film Hello Stranger attracted 1.3 million viewers, while 1.37 million viewed its sequel Kimmy Dora following its release in the Philippines last June. It was reported on Monday by the City of Seoul that the number of films shot in Seoul doubled in the four years leading up to 2011. As evidence of this, Southeast Asian countries including Malaysia, China, Singapore, Thailand, Indonesia, and the Philippines have been filming in the city so much since 2010 that they currently account for 25% of all filming in Seoul. The City of Seoul also operates an incentives program for foreign film production that takes place in Seoul, which includes the reimbursement of up to 25% (up to a maximum of 100 million won) of production costs to help with airfares and accommodation, and the provision of location scouting support and a location coordinator. In the first half of this year alone, ten shoots in Seoul for foreign television programs and films were wrapped up and these are now being shown in their respective countries. The City of Seoul plans to implement policies for continued support in order to keep alive this emerging trend of featuring Seoul as a location for foreign filming, hoping to reach Hollywood movies, dramas and survival auditions.
As part of the 67th National Liberation Day celebrations, Seoul will hold the 2012 Mugunghwa National Flower Exhibition at Seodaemun Independence Park for nine days from August 11th (Sat) to 19th (Sun). The exhibition is one that stirs Korean passion for the national flower, mugunghwa, as well as giving them the opportunity to reflect upon their patriotism and the love they feel for their country. The exhibition will be divided into two parts: one for mugunghwa potted plants and one for seedlings. In conjunction with this event, the Korea Forest Service will supervise the 22nd National Mugunghwa Festival, a show promoting the greatness of the national flower at the COEX Plaza area in Samseong-dong, Seoul from August 4th (Sat) to 15th (Wed). Fifteen hundred potted mugunghwa in full bloom will be submitted by fifteen local governments from around the country (including Seoul) and used to adorn the downtown area. Some 200 species, including around 70 indigenous Korean species, of mugunghwa flower are commonly found all around the world. The plant has a tenacious hold on life, with new flowers blooming every day for about 100 days between July and October.
Now it is possible to enjoy a summer countryside getaway without leaving the capital city as Seoul City has prepared a camping program for grade school and kindergarten students. A tent will be erected at the Nodeul Vegetable Garden where children can learn all about growing greens and experience the outdoor environment without taking a step outside Seoul. The Nodeul Vegetable Garden covers a 10,000- plot of land, so once you are there you will scarcely believe you are still in Seoul. Family groups can come to the garden between August 16 (Thu) and 19 (Sun) and choose between two dates to camp out in the fields for the night. Introductory programs to urban agriculture will enable visitors to experience rural life in the heart of the city and learn about the importance of organic farming and preserving local crops. In the evening families can cook the organic vegetables they harvested during the day for dinner, and when it is pitch dark, children can experience the thrills of seori (stealing crops) or going to the bathroom at night, small things their parents generation will have fond memories of. By experiencing the local crop rice patties, local vegetable garden, and organic bathrooms at the Nodeul Vegetable Garden, children who are too young to camp outdoors can learn about nature, agriculture, and the environment through various programs. The Nodeul Vegetable Garden Young Farmer Experience takes young ones around the garden and teaches them about the many crops we eat, including sixty variants of local rice, thirty local grains and vegetables, and much more. They will be able to feel and touch each crop as they get to see the living creatures that live around the rice patty. For inquiries, please call the Nodeul Vegetable Garden Support Center at +82-2-792-7520 
The Seoul Development Institute (SDI), the think tank for Seoul City, has changed its name to The Seoul Institute (SI) as of Wednesday August 1, 2012 in order to better carry out its newly defined missions including the presentation of new visions and paradigms for the capital city in the post-growth era. As the think tank of a global mega city, the SI will focus on future-oriented urban research with a particular emphasis on welfare, environment, history and culture rather than on traditional research topics such as economic development and growth.Under its redefined core value, The future of Seoul built by its citizens, the SI will ramp up its communication and collaboration with the citizens of Seoul more than ever in a bid to secure the validity of its various policy researches. The institute will seek their opinions in setting up a new Urban Master Plan of Seoul with the solid conviction that the future direction of the city must be determined by its citizens. The Six Major Research Tasks of the SI1. Acceleration of future studies required to design the Seoul of the post-growth era.2. Selection of citizen participatory research topics and establishment of open-type research platforms.3. Enhancement of expert collaboration networks to realize research innovations.4. Support of urban diplomacy of Seoul through the creation of the Global Cities Research Center.5. Establishment of the Strategy Research Center with the aim of reviewing imminent municipal issues and discovering major agenda items of the future.6. Supply of major research results through Infographics 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is asking its citizens to adopt the 284,000 trees along the streets of the city and take care of them instead of the paid officials and workers who currently look after them at a significant cost to the city coffers.The City of Seoul has announced that it will accept applications for the adoption from schools and other organizations starting on Monday, August 6, as the first stage of a campaign to be completed in a series of stages. The city has named the campaign Adopt-a-Tree under which not just organizations but also individuals can adopt street trees and look after them just as they would their children or siblings. Enterprises participating in this innovative social service can expect pretty positive corporate advertising effects, while students, for instance, can contribute to the environmental protection efforts and implement student volunteer services as recommended by school boards. No doubt the municipal government will be able to save a significant amount of money and help improve its overall financial health. Adopters will be required to keep the trees clear of trash, weeds and ads in addition to watering them as needed. However, district offices will still undertake pruning and pest control as they as they are at the moment. Adopters will care for their trees according to their own plans. In the event that a tree is neglected for too long, however, the city will nulIify the adoption agreement and take the necessary measures. For further details, please visit http://environment.seoul.go.kr
Seoul City has developed a smart phone application, the Seoul Smart Complaint Center, a location-based reporting system which enables users to link to the relevant websites by smart phone, allowing access anytime anyplace. Users can download the application from the Apple app store or Google play store. Seoul City also plans to link the newly introduced application to the citizen complaint reporting web page on the GIS map portal site (http://gis.seoul.go.kr), which has been active since March 20, 2012.With the Seoul Smart Complaint Center app, users can register a complaint about any subject including the citys infrastructure, transportation or environment. The application has been designed to map the reported location and to allow photos of the location to be attached and submitted via a smartphone. With the combined wired-wireless service system of the Seoul Smart Complaint Center, the processing of complaints registered via smart phone or website can be checked in the same way, making the app very user-friendly.Complaints registered via the new app are immediately transferred to the 120 Dasan Call Center and directed to the relevant member of staff. Furthermore, tracking of the delivery and complaint resolution processes are available via both smart phone and the web page in real time, and an SMS is promptly sent to the petitioner to inform them in detail of every step of the complaint resolution procedure.As the Seoul Smart Complaint Center app maps the location of a complaint, the data thus collected will serve as a valuable corpus of basic statistical information that can be used to inform future municipal policy decisions. Frequent complaints in different regions will also be collated and used to inform local government operations.
Beginning with 43 new nurseries in the latter half of this year, at least 95 public nurseries will be open in the city of Seoul by 2013. This development is expected to meet the demands of the 5,911 infants requiring childcare facilities who are still on waiting lists. In particular, 36 of the nurseries (38% of the total) will be established on land or with funds donated by individuals or groups such as corporations and religious institutions. This cooperative method of working is the first such project in the country. To support the active contribution of corporations, groups and individuals who share the goal of increasing the number of childcare facilities, the city will ensure that the new nursery capacity will far exceed the original target. Some 68 facilities will be built where the capacity of existing public nurseries is insufficient, which is expected to help narrow regional imbalances. The remainder will be established in areas where demand for childcare is particularly high among large apartment complexes, or in underprivileged regions where the need for childcare facilities is extremely urgent. This public nurseries expansion project will incorporate a variety of strategies including the use of existing buildings and public buildings or apartments, the purchase of old private nurseries, and the expansion of cooperation with private enterprises, thereby freeing the city of the need to obtain additional sites and enabling it to stay within budget. Following the expansion of nursery facilities during the first half of next year, Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to take over the management of private nurseries in large-scale apartment complexes, and make them public, during the second half of the year.
The 9th Korea Hope Expedition, which involved 93 university and college students, successfully ended in Seoul Plaza on July 20th with a celebratory ceremony held at 4 pm, with about 200 people including families and staff in attendance. The pilgrimage began at Homigot in Pohang, passed through Yeongdeok, Taebaek, Pyeongchang, Yangpyeong and Guri, and finished in Seoul, taking twenty days and covering a distance of 493 kilometers. The participants kept on smiling despite their sunburned faces and blistered feet, bolstered by their sense of achievement. The university and college students walked about 25 kilometers for an average of nine hours each day, raising funds along every kilometer of the journey. A total of 5,700,000 won was raised and subsequently donated to The Korea Heart Foundation for the purpose of helping the poor. Seoul Metropolitan Government broadcasts the activities of these active and adventurous youth who participated in the pilgrimage on Seoul City international media channels (including Facebook pages and blogs) and English-language websites, as well as in the international press in order to draw global attention to a more hopeful Seoul.
Seoul was awarded a prize in the category of C2C (City-to-City Cooperation) AWARD by UN-ESCAP (the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific) on Wednesday (11th), acknowledging its intercity policy exchange efforts in the Asia-Pacific region. The C2C (City-to-City Cooperation) Award is a prize judged by UN-ESCAP, and one awarded to the Citynet member that plays a leading role in cooperative intercity projects. Citynet, established 25 years ago, is a meeting of Local Governments in the Asia-Pacific region and connected organizations targeted at Citynet member cities recommended from a total of 5 categories. Seoul was awarded Citynets Service Contribution prize for its long-standing contribution services in business activities. For this C2C AWARD, Seoul was said to have been evaluated highly for endeavoring to reach high levels of national and intercity cooperation in a constant drive to solve city problems. Seoul joined Citynet as a member city in 1989, and since then, has gained vast experience in city development. From this standpoint, Seoul supported Asia-Pacific city development, stable housing, traffic, and construction infrastructure businesses. The C2C Award was awarded on the 11th (time of writing) at the 29th Session of the Executive Committee on Citynets 25th anniversary, with a total of around 100 Citynet member cities and organizations in attendance. Seoul was especially invited to be Citynets new secretariat at the last 6th general meeting held in Yokohama in 2009, and it was decided that it will host the general meeting in 2013. The future outlook is for Seoul to become the center of intercity cooperation for solving city problems as a key member of Citynet.
The Climate & Energy Research Center, composed of specialist groups dedicated to tackling climate change (e.g. reduction of greenhouse gas emissions and energy consumption), has launched various full-scale activities starting with the production of the Seoul Sunlight Map for the expansion and supply of new renewable energy sources. To enable Seoul to make an effective response to climate change and decrease greenhouse gas emissions generated by fossil fuels by more than 90%, an independent Climate & Energy Research Center has been established under the Government Development Institute, which has seen an improvement in terms of its professionalism and effectiveness lately. The Climate & Energy Research Center is responsible for conducting research on Seouls current climate change response and energy reduction policies. As such, it serves as a think tank and is developing a climate change response policy specifically tailored to Seoul. It is also in charge of research connected with Seouls current focus on supporting the attempt to reduce the citys energy consumption, and on implementing its reduction of one nuclear power plantpolicy. The Seoul Sunlight Map program has been developed to support new renewable energy expansion and supply companies efforts to reduce energy consumption by the equivalent of one nuclear power plant this year. The program offers the companies energy information by indicating the amount of new renewable energy available at the time of solar energy facility installation according to a buildings location and scale (if the buildings details have been entered). Also, it estimates the quantitative effect of each company in Seoul that backs the greenhouse gas/energy reduction policy, and there are plans for research to be conducted on research and discoveries in the fields of climate change, energy, waste, and citizen participation, along with an evaluation of the effects of reduction.
2012 is the last leg of 2010-2012 Visit Korea Year. Following last years successful event, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is holding another Delicious Seoul Story culinary contest in 2012. The purpose is to spread the excellence of Korean dishes and attract food connoisseurs from around the country. The first round of the contest is done on You Tube. Five finalist teams, each of which consists of two persons, will be invited to Seoul for a five-day trip in September 2012 and an offline cooking contest before a panel of culinary experts. During the five days, the five teams will visit tourist attractions, famous eateries, traditional Korean liquor distilleries, and traditional Korean open markets where they will buy ingredients for their final cooking competition. They will have an opportunity to learn about the Korean royal court cuisine  its ingredients and recipes included- at the Institute of Korean Royal Cuisine in central Seoul. The final offline cooking competition is about cooking culinary dishes according to the recipes they presented on You Tube. The competition is also open to people living overseas. Registration is simple: Upload your Korean dish cooking videos on You Tube (www.youtube.com/visitseoul) between Monday, July 2 and Friday, August 10, 2012 (6 weeks). Each participating team must be composed of two people. As for the type of Korean dish you may choose, it is open to any Korean dish of your choosing or a dish you are considering for the final cooking contest which will be held around Korean Thanksgiving (Chuseok), you can choose a dish related to the occasion if you are somewhat familiar with the Korean culture. For details, please visit our Web site: http://welcome.visitseoul.net/eng/index.jsp
The 10th Global Internship of Seoul kicked off on Friday, June 29 for its six-week program which runs until Friday, August 10. Thirty-six students from 16 countries studying in colleges and universities in Seoul work as interns in City Hall, its affiliated offices, or its corporations, alongside the officials of Seoul during the period. The 16 countries represented with interns hail from China, Japan, the U.S., Rumania, Bulgaria and Kenya. A total of 170 international students applied and 36 were chosen, a mere 20 percent of the applicants. The interns work six hours a day, five days a week. Their main task is to conduct research on major global cities, which is above and beyond the normal duties of officials in Seoul, making the best use of their language skills and cultural backgrounds. In July, they will have a chance to volunteer in Mapo Senior Welfare Center as part of their social service program and visit Sangam Digital Media City and other places to enrich their experience in Seoul. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has implemented the internship program since 2008, for the first time in the public sector of Korea, during each summer and winter vacation. For the past nine internship programs until February 2012, a total of 261 students from 40 countries completed their internship successfully.
In order to protect international tourists visiting Seoul during July, the busiest month for vacationing tourists here in Seoul, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has joined hands with Korea Airports Corporation to fight an array of illegal business committed by taxis and call vans, or large taxis seating up to 6 passengers, at Gimpo Intl Airport on arriving foreign tourists. The crackdown will use both on-site and CCTV investigations throughout the month. Common illegalities by cab drivers include selecting only foreign tourists at airport taxi stands, illegal touting on curbs, not using taxi meters, taxi fare rip-off and illicit use of ordinary vans as call vans. Geographically, the crackdown will focus on taxi stands both in domestic and international terminals by day and on curbs along the terminals by night in search of prey. The Government will also make the best use of CCTV data available both inside and outside the airport terminals. When suspicious acts are detected, further investigation will be acted upon by the city and law enforcement officials in taxi companies or even homes of taxi drivers. Seoul plans to expand the crackdown on taxis and call vans engaged in illegal activities to the entire city to protect the interests of foreign visitors as well as its citizens. City Hall is openly receiving grievances about taxi and call van service by dialing English service at 120 Dasan Call Center (Foreigner : #9) or e-mail (happyride@seoul.go.kr). Seoul Metropolitan Government actually remitted overcharged taxi fares to international visitors to Seoul after it caught taxis and vans ripping them off by either not using meters or manipulating the devices according to their reports.
The SISF (Seoul International Student Forum) embarked on its 5th annual program on Friday, June 22, 2012. The purpose of this years forum, which is composed of 100 students (88 international students from 28 countries and 12 Korean students) who are studying in Seoul, is to make Seoul a more agreeable city for foreigners. The forum held its general conference in the Grand Conference Hall of Seoul, located on the 13th floor of the Seoul City Hall Annex, at 14:00 on June 22, followed by a two-day workshop in the Seoul Human Resources Development Center in Seocho-dong, before stating their full two-month program. During the two months, the students will visit a number of agencies and offices in Seoul and receive opportunities to experience Korean culture, as well as engaging in volunteer service activities of their choice. Their main mission is to propose ways of improving the administration of Seoul with the ultimate goal of making Seoul a more agreeable global city. The 88 international students are drawn from 26 colleges and universities in Seoul, with the 26 Chinese students forming the largest group. The twelve local students will help their foreign counterparts with the various team efforts and activities. The 100 students (comprising 52 female and 48 male students) will be divided into six teams, each consisting of 16~17 students, and will engage in intensive activities during their summer vacations (June 22 to August 24) with the aim of figuring out ways of improving foreigners living conditions in Seoul, in addition to conducting their own volunteer activities at various charity institutions in Seoul. A few outstanding participants will be given a chance to work as interns in the Global Internship program of City Hall in 2013, which the city hopes will act as an incentive for the students to participate even more actively in the summer vacation program. Upon concluding the program on Friday, August 24, Mayor Park will play host to the 2nd 2012 Seoul Town Meeting as one of his Listen & Respond Policy Workshops with the students. During this town-meeting-type encounter, the participants will discuss the difficulties and inconveniences facing foreign students studying and living in Seoul, as well as the policy proposals derived from their sincere efforts over two months to make Seoul a better place to live in for foreign residents, too.
Mayor Park Won Soon, during his trip to Brazil, attended the C-40 (C-40 Cities Climate Leadership Group) meeting held in Rio de Janeiro on the eve of the Rio+20 Conference on June 19, local time, and introduced the environmentally-friendly, energy-saving Seoul is implementing as a member of the steering committee for the C-40, an organization of global megacity mayors. C-40 is a network of forty large cities around the world, including New York, Los Angeles, London, Berlin, Seoul, Hong Kong and Tokyo, plus nineteen cooperative cities committed to combating the impact of climate change. They meet once every two years and share their key accomplishments and future challenges. Mayor Park joined the roundtable discussion on Governance, Support and Institutional Arrangements for Sustainable Development as a panelist along with Michael Bloomberg, Eduardo Paes, and Mpho Franklyn Tau, the mayors of NYC, Rio de Janeiro, and Johannesburg, respectively, leading the debates on pressing global issues in the fields of climate, energy and the environment. As an important case of a city administrations governance, Mayor Park introduced the citys specific goals of saving energy and eliminating the need for one nuclear power plant the citys leadership in opening swap meets across all its districts at least once a month to recycle a great variety of unused household items its decision to collect unwanted electronic items free by removing charges on discarding large consumer electronics appliances and its efforts to promote urban agriculture in a variety of ways, which have drawn a highly favorable response from citizens, as well as stressing the importance of collaboration between the public and private sectors in promoting all energy saving efforts.
Seoul has set a mandatory standard indoor temperature for buildings for the first time in Korea. As part of Seouls nuclear reactor reduction policy, the city is launching improved systems in a drive to create a more practical, energy-efficient culture. To effectively implement the nuclear reactor reduction policy and materialize an established, civil, practical culture, the energy ordinance amendment, a system designed to improve practical energy efficiency and provide the first nationwide standard for indoor building temperatures (26 minimum in summer), was announced in advance. Under the new policy, standard energy diagnosis targets have seen a sharp expansion from 2,000TOE to 1,000TOE (tonnes of oil equivalent), and the compulsory indication of building temperatures and usage, along with the installation of new renewable energy, is supported. The new policy is part of the citys preparations against an eventual energy crisis and its plan for electrical self-sufficiency. The policy will endeavor to transform Seoul into a city with a global climate, while aiming for a high degree of energy independence and enforcing an energy diet for those 415 energy-guzzling buildings that use more than 2,000TOE annually.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has decided to reinforce its requirements concerning new and renewable energy consumption and the mandatory use of LED lights by new buildings in a bid to emerge as a green city. The environmental impact assessment of the city, therefore, will be strengthened to reflect the new building requirements: the use of new & renewable energy will be increased from 6% in 2012 to 10% in 2014, and that of high efficiency LED lighting from 25% in 2012 to 50% in 2014 in terms of load. Following consultation with experts and civic groups, the municipal government will proceed with a revision of the city ordinance concerned with environmental impact assessment.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has announced that it will open its seven outdoor swimming pools along the Hangang River on Friday, June 29, 2012. The pools, which are used by more than half a million people in central Seoul every year, are located in Nanji Riverside Swimming Area and in the six Hangang parks in Ttukseom, Yeouido, Gwangnaru, Mangwon, Jamsil and Jamwon. The government tests the quality of the water and inspects the operation of all the facilities on a daily basis, ensuring that they are in good working order so that citizens can use them safely. The swimming pools offer pleasant swimming in a large space overlooking the Hangang River. Each pool is divided into three separate spaces for adults, adolescents, and children, and each is fitted with a variety of convenience facilities including showers, shops and air bounce facilities. Designed to invoke the memories and feelings that a river used to bring us in Korea, Nanji Riverside Swimming Area can be visited by people in ordinary clothing: the wearing of bathing suits is not mandatory here. The park is also very popular among children due to its 113 floor fountains, which spew water as high as 10 meters into the air, and a musical fountain equipped with LED lighting. The six riverside swimming pools and Nanji Riverside Swimming Area will be open from 09:00 to 20:00 daily until Sunday, August 26, 2012, including weekends and national holidays. Website : http://hangang.seoul.go.kr 
In order to prevent an emergency situation in the summer when energy consumption surges rapidly, the Seoul Metropolitan Government announced its comprehensive summer energy saving plan. The government also plans to urge not only government offices but also the private sector to participate in energy saving efforts to lessen the chance of blackouts during the summer. The main points of the comprehensive summer energy saving plan include the imposition of fines of up to 3 million won on businesses running A/C with the doors open the mandatory obligation for all government offices to consume 10% less energy compared with the previous year the elimination of hidden power wastage through the energy guardian the offering of advice on excessive A/C usage and the inspection of large private buildings. The city of Seoul will allow a grace period for the month of June before beginning to impose fines during a clampdown set to last from July 1 to September 21, responding strongly to energy waste. A first offence will receive a warning, but from the second offence, fines ranging from 500,000 up to three million won will be imposed according to the number of offences. The city first plans to make it mandatory for Seouls headquarters and boroughs, investment and contribution institutions, and business offices to use 10% less energy compared to the previous year. Government offices will be required to keep the thermostat 2 higher than the private sector at 28 and to completely shut off A/C during peak hours (excluding Saturdays, Sundays and holidays).
To ensure the integrity of Seouls electricity supply and to prevent a state of emergency (such as paralysis of the urban infrastructure) even during a large-scale power failure, the city is establishing hydrogen fuel cell power stations and installing hydrogen fuel cell buildings throughout the metropolitan area. Having set itself the target of installing 29 hydrogen fuel cell power stations and 102 hydrogen fuel cell buildings by 2014, Seoul plans to induce private capital and the participation of power producers. In Seoul in particular, with its established power production facilities dispersed throughout the metropolis, it has been revealed that in order for the subway, water and sewage systems, and other infrastructures to remain operational, an electricity base system must be put in place.As such, the establishment of the abovementioned power stations and buildings by 2014 will ensure that electricity is supplied on a stable basis to around 400,000 households through the production of 230MW (total amount of electricity). Under the plan, the 29 hydrogen fuel cell power stations will supply urban infrastructure (subway car depots, etc) with 190MW, while the 102 hydrogen fuel cell buildings will supply hospitals (which require a safe, stable supply of electricity) and other important institutions with 40MW.Evaluation of hydrogen fuel cells has shown them to have higher energy efficiency than fossil fuels, as well as being an urban energy source with a small installation area. There are also plans for the construction of an energy base for Seoul to facilitate the switch from a centralized electrical supply system to one that is dispersed throughout the city.
At 9am local time on Sunday 17th, Mayor Park Won Soon, currently on a tour of Central and South America, was selected as the next Chair of the WMCCC (World Mayors Council on Climate Change), a world city leaders governance gathering held in conjunction with the ICLEI World Congress in Belo Horizonte, Brazil. The WMCCC praised Mayor Park Won Soons particular interest in and philosophy concerning environmental and ecological problems and his efforts to increase the potential of local government sustainability. Mayor Park will assume his position for two years from October 2012, and will preside over the annual Mayor Adaptation Forum as well as attending various high-level international events as the representative of the WMCCC. Moreover, he will work with some 70 city leaders in developing interesting policies and leading joint efforts. During his two-year term, he will relocate and operate the current WMCCC executive office to Seoul from its current location within the ICLEI world headquarters in Germany.Furthermore, the city of Seoul was successful in hosting the East Asian headquarters for the worlds largest international environmental organization, the International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives (ICLEI). ICLEI was first established in 1990 at the World Congress of Local Governments for a Sustainable Future, and is now an international environmental organization in which 70 countries and 1,220 different local governments and united organizations of local governments participate. In the East Asian region some 91 organizations from Korea, China, Japan, Taiwan, and Mongolia are members, and in Korea alone there are 38 participating cities, including Seoul, Busan, Incheon, and Gyeonggi.Upon signing the East Asia Headquarters MOU agreement, the city of Seoul and ICLEI will establish the East Asia headquarters in Seoul this October. ICLEI has agreed to provide various types of support for Seouls energy policies including efforts to reduce Seouls dependence on nuclear power.With the relocation of the WMCCC headquarters to Seoul and the opening of ICLEIs East Asia headquarters, the city of Seoul expects to gain international prestige as a pioneering city in the field of climate response, serving as a foundation for establishing the city as the next international climate environment capital. During its hosting of the East Asia headquarters, Seoul will regularly hold environmental issue-related forums and operate related educational programs, with the focus on reducing climate change-related damage and achieving sustainable development. Around the time of the opening of the East Asia headquarters in October, the 18th Conference of the Parties (COP18) will also be held, while during the Pre-COP18 period, the city of Seoul will host not only the WMCCC conference but also a commemorative forum for the opening of the East Asia headquarters, with ICLEI member cities and WMCCC member mayors in attendance. Reference: The WMCCC, established in December 2005, is a gathering of the worlds major city leaders which aims to create sustainable cities and come up with measure to combat climate change caused by global warming and environmental pollution. The WMCCC is working hard in various fields including preparing climate change countermeasures at local levels providing effective multilateral mechanisms for climate protection sharing responsibility and participating in the promotion of world climate governance and promoting cooperation among local government leaders in order to achieve the goals of climate-related environmental agreements including the UN Convention on Climate Change and the Kyoto Protocol.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government held the 1st Seoul Urban Agriculture Expo in Seoul Plaza from Thursday, June 14 to Sunday, June 17, 2012. Mayor Park Won Soon attended the opening ceremony on June 14 along with some 500 guests and citizens. The Expo featured six themed exhibition halls covering not just the present status of urban agriculture but also its future development directions. An academic forum was also organized to promote in-depth discussion of the latest agricultural issues and trends. Visitors to the Expo were given an opportunity to experience agriculture by planting a variety of things themselves. Diverse types of small-scale vegetable gardens were presented as a typical aspect of urban agriculture. In addition, the government also presented a number of innovative ideas including a bus-roof garden, a roof-top garden, living butterflies and bees, and color silkworms, in a bid to encourage citizens to explore the possibilities offered by urban agriculture wherever possible. Finally, the Expo also set up an urban agriculture job fair where experts provided consultation for potential founders of agricultural businesses, in addition to exhibiting their own urban agricultural R&D technologies. For further details, please visit the following
The second phase of the Subway Line 9 construction project, which is projected to run from Nonhyeon-dong to the Jamsil Sports Complex in southern Seoul, is now progressing smoothly. The work that has attracted the most attention involves the construction of a subway station under the current Jamsil Sports Complex Station on Line 2. As Subway Line 2 currently carries about 2.3 million passengers every day, it cannot be shut down just because of the work on Phase 2 of Line 9. As such, a completely new construction method has been adopted to ensure successful completion of this section of the line. The construction of the station has been described as one of the most challenging subway construction projects ever undertaken by Discovery Channel (USA), which filmed the project in March and will broadcast it on its 3-D channel this fall not only in the U.S. but also in many other parts of the world. The Seoul Metropolitan Government is considering exporting the subway construction technologies it has accumulated over the past 38 years since 1974, when Subway Line 1 was launched as Koreas first ever subway line, to major cities in Southeast Asia, the Middle East, and Latin America. Recently, 94 journalists and other people related to subway construction, including foreigners from Singapore, Colombia, India, Saudi Arabia and Hong Kong, paid a visit to the construction site where a new construction method is being used to complete the station beneath the existing station on Subway Line 2. Seoul Metropolitan Government operates nine subway lines covering 316.9km of track, as well as a national railway line in Seoul comprising 111.1km of track, 292 stations and 3,659 carriages. The second phase project of Line 9 involves the construction of five subway stations between Nonhyeon-dong, Gangnam-gu and the Jamsil Sports Complex south of the Hangang River. The project kicked off in June 2008 and will be completed in 2014.
Seoul Metropolitan Government has launched a Web Tune series on its Wow Seoul website to promote its Reducing Energy Consumption Equivalent to One Nuclear Power Plant policy to citizens more effectively. The policy is aimed at transforming the city of Seoul from an energy-consuming town into an energy-producing community, not simply by reducing energy consumption but by producing new and renewable energy equivalent to the energy generated by an average nuclear power plant operating in Korea at present. A total of eight citizen Web Tune writers have joined hands to produce the Good Energy series with the agenda of fuel fossil energy conservation and sustainable energy production. For instance, it presents specific methods to help conserve energy and eventually break the current pattern of global warming. The energy conservation methods, introduced by writers whose talent has been verified through the works theyve presented to Wow Seoul Contents, cover a wide range of activities we could all take in our everyday lives including turning a light off. More specifically, the series introduces the 12 Citizen Action Plans prepared by the municipal government as well as the citys eco mileage system. 
On Tuesday, June 5, 2012 Mayor Park Won Soon appeared as a fashion model on the catwalk of the Cool Biz Fashion Show held in the Event Hall of Dongdaemun History & Culture Park along with various celebrities and ordinary citizen fashion models. None of the male fashion models wore jackets or ties, and they all unbuttoned one or two buttons on their shirts. It is said that such a simple action reduces ones body temperature by one to two degrees Celsius. All the female models wore skirt instead of tight or wide-legged pants, and flat-soled shoes instead of high heels for added mobility.Meanwhile, secondary school student models introduced school uniforms with shorter leg trousers. All of these apparently minor fashion statements were part of the Cool Biz campaign launched by the city government with the firm conviction that Seoul needs to become a cool city. As you are no doubt well aware, Cool Biz is a compound of cool and business, representing an energy-saving fashion campaign that calls for simpler clothing in summer so as to reduce the dependence on artificial air conditioning in the workplace. It is hoped the cool biz look will not only conserve energy and reduce global warming but help improve work efficiency and labor productivity as well.
Seoul Metropolitan Government opened the Farmers Market in Gwanghwamun Square on Saturday, June 2, 2012 along with the Seoul mayor Park Won Soon, the chairman of the Seoul City Council, the committee of Seoul Famers Market and the Jongno-gu Office chief, with some 200 citizens including representatives of urban agriculture organizations, social enterprises and community companies in attendance. After delivering congratulatory remarks, the mayor sang part of the song Thank You for the Delicious Food with the crowd to the beat of the famous organic punk folk singer Sai.The mayor then toured the farmers market, the food stalls and the urban farmer school, after which he worked as an assistant cook to Ms. Mun Seong-hui, a famous organic food cook who donated her talent for the day. The prepared dishes were sold to pre-reserved citizens and the proceeds were donated to Seoul Food Bank. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is embarking on the creation of green roofs at the DDP (Dongdaemun Design Plaza) on the largest scale to be seen in Korea so far. Half of the buildings roofs will be planted over an area the size of an international football pitch (i.e., 11,250m2). Perennial sedums and a lawn will be planted, which should have the effect of making the buildings cooler in summer and warmer in winter, leading to a significant improvement in energy efficiency. The landscaping work will be completed by the end of July this year with the planting of about 800,000 sedums on the roofs of the Convention Hall (6,048) and the Exhibition Hall (3,032). At the recommendation of a number of horticultural experts, five species of sedums have been selected for the location, namely, Sedum takesimense NAKAI, Geumgang sedum kamtachaticum, Sedum reflexum, Sedum rupestre and Sedum oryzifolium. These species are characterized by their strong resistance to drought due to their thick fleshy water-storing leaves and stems. The plants on the completed roofs will be arranged according to four natural colors with the Geumgang Sedum serving as a divider between each section, thereby matching the unique characteristics of the buildings exquisite exterior. The DDP is surrounded by high-rise buildings like the Doosan Tower and Migliore, whose residents will soon have a great view marked by seasonal changes on the DDPs roof. As such, these new green spaces will not only improve the insulation effects of the buildings but also offer a great number of people a breadth of fresh air in the heart of the mega city. Due for completion by July 2013, the DDP will shortly offer the residents of Seoul a rare space where they can enjoy exhibitions, international conferences and fashion shows in addition to the pleasure of taking strolls and attending events in the adjacent Dongdaemun History & Culture Park.
Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold a teleconference with its Global Seoul Mates, its foreign publicity army, at its Seosomun Building (13th floor) on Friday, June 7, 2012 for 40 minutes from 13:30 to 14:10. As well as being the first teleconference with Global Seoul Mates, it is a Seoul City initiative worthy of keen public interest, given that it will be the citys first international teleconference to include a foreigner based overseas in a panel composed exclusively of foreigners. Through a dialogue with the mayor of Seoul that transcends the limits of space, the government aims to secure a channel of communication with its global citizenry, appreciate the services of the Global Seoul Mates, and ask for their continuous contributions to introducing unknown faces of Seoul to the global community through their own creations. So far the city of Seoul has recruited a total of 110 Global Seoul Mates from 26 countries. Four panelists, one each from the US, Japan, China, and Taiwan, will participate in the first teleconference, which will be broadcast live on ten broadcasting channels as the 16th broadcast of Mr. Won Soons Seoul Story 2 on June 7. Evoking their love for Seoul and their efforts to promote it to the wider world, the panelists will be talking with the mayor about the city from their own unique perspectives. Ms.Xu Yun Rou, a Taiwan art director, will be talking from Taiwan through Google+s video chat tool, while the other three panelists (from the U.S., Japan, China) will be sitting with the mayor on site. Mr. Michiael Aronson from the United States is scheduled to introduce his short documentary of a makgeolli (traditional Korean rice wine) bar run by Ttaru (a Finland woman) who served as an honorary ambassador for the Seoul Friendship Fair 2012, in an effort to promote Seoul and Korean culture in the global community. Besides the discussion between the mayor and the panel, the event will feature some visual productions of [seoul is], the first mission challenge for the Global Seoul Mates in the two-week event held from May 16 to 29. An online photo zone will be featured, and foreigners interesting episodes about Seoul will be introduced. A quiz show will be arranged on the topic of Seouls hottest attractions from the perspective of foreigners. Finally, some SNS messages prepared by Global Seoul Mates on their feelings about Seoul and what they want from the city will be presented. In February 2012, the city government selected 110 Global Seoul Mates from among candidates residing both in Seoul and overseas through a variety of media, and they began their service as global Seoul mates in May. The Seoul Metropolitan Government is now planning to recruit another 100 people as 2012 Global Seoul Mates in August 2012 in its bid to expand its support for foreigners Seoul PR initiatives. The Global Seoul Mates community site is located on the citys representative foreign language website, and is available in English, Japanese, simplified Chinese and traditional Chinese. Click http://english.seoul.go.kr/lh/community/seoul_mate.php and check out the mates symbols and activities along with their list.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the enactment of the The Seoul Special City Participatory Budgeting Ordinance on May 22 and launched the Citizen Participatory Budgeting System, which will enable citizens to reflect their priorities in the city budget. According to the law, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will organize a Citizen Participatory Budgeting Council composed of 250 citizens, of whom 150 will be selected through applications and an open lottery. The deadline for applications is June 8. Each district of Seoul will be given six seats to be allocated according to gender and age. The final selection will be made by lottery. The random lottery is scheduled for June 14 and the results will be announced on site. The participatory budgeting councilors will hold honorary positions and thus will not be paid for their services. Citizens or workers at institutions or companies based in the city, as well as students at elementary, middle and high schools in Seoul, are all eligible to apply. The remaining 100 people will be selected through recommendations by the city of Seoul, the city council, civic organizations and district offices of Seoul. In the selection process, priority will be given to marginalized and poorer citizens including the elderly and disabled. The term of the council is one year from March 1 to the end of February. However, the first term is an exception as it will start on the day the councilors are appointed and end on February 28, 2013. The council will be composed of nine subcommittees including economy & industry, culture & sports, women & childcare, health care & welfare and urban housing. The council members are entitled to make comments on all aspects of the budget for the following year. The councilors can also propose new projects or undertakings within the limit of 50 billion won for the 2013 budget. Meanwhile, the District Participatory Budgeting Council can propose new projects or undertakings within 3 billion won per district. In fact, non-councilor citizens can also propose new projects or undertakings to be reflected in the city budgeting on the city website, either by mail or in person. Priority for the projects and undertakings will be determined by a participatory budgeting gala attended by the councilors and ordinary citizens. The city government is planning to organize a Participatory Budgeting Support Committee with up to 15 people to help the council run smoothly and effectively. Those interested in becoming councilors are requested to submit their applications on the website of the city government under Participatory Budgeting (http://finance.seoul.go.kr/archives/5426) by June 8, 2012. Applications can also be mailed or submitted in person. For further details about the application, call the Budget Division at +82-2-731-6581 or the Participatory Budgeting Network at +82-2-703-0615.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has signed an MOU (memorandum of understanding) titled Seoul City  NHN Comprehensive Alliance MOU for Mutual Cooperation with NHN, the operator of the nations top search portal Naver, with the aim of enhancing the city governments PR and improving citizens access to city information. Under the agreement, citizens will be able to easily access diverse sources of information produced by the city government concerning major events, welfare undertakings and projects, traditional markets, theme places (communities that boast unique themes), village communities (communities that have created village-like atmospheres in Seoul), arts and cultural facilities, and parks. NHN plans to provide information about Seoul to the public via its diverse platforms including searches, maps, Navercast and Wingbus. It is also planning to provide SNS education to Seoul City officials. Naver holds a market share of about 50% in Korea, receiving about 18 million daily visits. As such, the city government has high expectations that its citizens will be able to access useful city information much more easily through this agreement. Speaking of the MOU, Mayor Park Won Soon said, We have signed this agreement so that many more citizens can gain access to the policies of the city government and other useful information for their daily lives, adding, The provincial government will continue enhancing its collaboration with the private sector to upgrade our citizens access to information. Meanwhile, the city plans to expand its cooperation with Naver to the area of mobile telecommunications in the near future.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has named the second and fourth Sundays of each month as Traditional Market Days and begun to support traditional markets in a variety of ways, including direct financial assistance for delivery, advertising and coupon printing costs, to enable them to recover their competitiveness against the big retail chains. The markets will offer various produce and other merchandise at incredibly reduced prices on the second and fourth Sundays of each month starting from May 27, 2012 (Sunday). Specifically, forty-four traditional markets in fifteen districts of Seoul are participating in the scheme including Seoul Jungang Market in Jung-gu and Junggok Jeil Market in Gwangjin-gu. The city administration is planning to encourage more traditional markets to join in the scheme with the expectation that vendors will see for themselves the merits of the arrangement and be eager to jump on the bandwagon. The participating markets sell good quality produce at 30% off and offer maximum discounts of 50% on a great variety of everyday items. They also present discount stamps (Anyone who collects a certain number of coupons will be eligible for a discount.), discount coupons and gift certificates to customers depending on how much they buy, and through a variety of events. 
In order to limit the use of air conditioning and thereby reduce the consumption of electricity, City Hall is promoting a full-fledged Cool Biz campaign to encourage officials to wear simpler and cooler clothing and shoes during the summer.  Cool Biz, a compound of cool and business, refers to an energy conservation initiative launched in Japan in 2004. The Ministry of Environment of Korea launched a similar campaign in 2009 under the name of Coolmaepsi, a combination of cool and the Korean word maepsi meaning style.Seoul Metropolitan Government has decided to advise its officials to wear simpler and cooler clothing from May to September, marking a move away from the traditional business attire of suit and tie in a bid to restrict energy consumption via the use of air conditioning as much as possible. From June to August, in particular, the city government will allow all of its officials to wear Cool Biz clothing, designating the hottest three months of the year as the Super Cool Biz period, when officials can wear even shorts and sandals, in accordance with the good etiquette and dignity required of public officials. However, officials who work in public service centers where there is constant contact with citizens are excluded from the campaign.Moreover, the city government has launched a wide range of energy conservation measures including turning off the standby power of electric devices not in use, removing one light bulb from two- and three-bulb lighting sets, and turning off alternate light bulbs where applicable, as well as banning the use of warm water in bidets and setting air conditioner thermostats at or above 28 at any time.To commemorate World Environment Day (WED) on June 5, the city government is organizing a Cool Biz Fashion Show at the RTO Hall of the former Seoul Station, which has been transformed into a fascinating cultural performance space, in collaboration with the Korea Green Foundation and the Korea Fashion Association. The fashion show, titled Seoul Takes Off First, will start at 15:50 and end at 16:35 on the day. Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon will also participate in the fashion show as one of the models. The show will feature a variety of Cool Biz looks for office workers, and a new concept of cool summer clothing range for ordinary citizens that can be worn in and outside the home. Anyone interested in attending the show should apply in advance at the website or phone number provided below. Only two hundred people will be selected due to the limited space in the hall. 
The Expo 2012 Yeosu, which opened its doors as one of the worlds three major festivals on May 12, will remain open for 93 days until Sunday, August 12. Held under the theme of The Living Ocean and Coast, the exposition has attracted the participation of 105 countries and six international institutions. Its unique focus is maritime issues including oceanic pollution and the subsequent devastation of marine ecology. It is not just a huge festival but also an opportunity to gather wisdom about and solutions to global issues. Yeosu Expo features a great variety of attractions that shouldnt be missed. The aquarium installed at the expo is three times the size of that in COEX, Seoul, which was the largest in Korea until the expo began. The expo aquarium accommodates 33,000 fish and other sea creatures (including more than 280 species). As it is an aqua dome that slowly makes a 360-degree turn, visitors feel as if they are actually passing through the sea. They can also see such rare species as the Baikal seal and beluga whale there, too. The Big-O show is a once-in-a-lifetime experience, a combination of a laser show that creates hologram images and an awe-inspiring fountain show. In the Climate & Environment Pavilion, visitors can experience the results of global warming, while the International Pavilion encompasses the diverse maritime cultures of more than one hundred countries and their approaches to maritime issues. Seoul is operating the Seoul Government Hall in the Local Government Pavilion to promote the beauty of Seoul. On Friday, May 18, Seoul Day, it staged a series of exciting performances such as Korean traditional music, praised as an embodiment of the soul of Korea one of the most popular musicals and B-Boy dancing (akin to break dancing), which has been recommended by many foreign visitors as a must-see performance in Korea. Furthermore, the Seoul Exhibition Hall features videos, wall paintings, collages and assemblages on such topics as the history of Seoul, tigers in Inwang (Mt.), and modern-day Seoul. Expo 2012 Yeosu Website : http://eng.expo2012.kr/main.html?mobile_at=Y
Starting in February 2012, the Masil (outing in Korean) Group, composed of ten experts and persons with a disability (including physical, visual and auditory perceptual disabilities), has been working on creating an obstacle-free public transportation environment for the disabled. Out of the eight original candidate locations, the group narrowed it down to three including Seoul Forest, the National Museum of Korea, and Seoul Station. After conducting on-site surveys, they finally chose the access road to Seoul Forest from Ttukseom Station as a place to work on right away. The on-site surveys of the three locations required the experts and disabled group members to travel on public transportation and walk on sidewalks to reach the final destinations. To improve access to Seoul Forest, the city government has decided to redesign the sidewalk to make the following improvements: (1) to expand the width of the sidewalk (2) to make improvements at the bus stops between the station and Seoul Forest and (3) to replace the barriers on sidewalks with ramps. The government will also reflect the needs of visually impaired citizens, including the installation of tactile ground surface indicator blocks and the elimination of all types of barriers on the sidewalk. For the hearing impaired, the city government will enhance the visual traffic information provided en route to the final destination.The sidewalk improvement project will be the first case of transportation-disadvantaged citizens getting involved in the whole process of a project, ranging from selecting and designing a site to building and maintaining it. Such deep involvement in a project by public service recipients is expected to have minimized trials and errors as well as improving the overall traffic conditions for everyone in the city.
It is now possible to check the live CCTV videos of major tourist attractions and key traffic spots of Seoul  such as Gwanghwamun, Namsan and the Hangang River  instantly on smartphones. The city government has announced its provision of live webcam videos of these and other places on its Mobile Seoul site (http://m.seoul.go.kr/lang/topmenu.do?lang=eng) starting from May 12, 2012. The service is available for seven places including Gwanghwamun, Namsan, the Hangang River, Haneul Park and Seoul Forest. Now anyone with a smartphone can check the situation in these places instantly including traffic conditions at Gwanghwamun and Cheonggye Plaza. The live webcam service will be expanded to thirteen more locations in the second half of this year.The Mobile LIVE Cam service also provides live still images, which can of course be accessed right away without having to wait for the loading of video information. To access the service, enter http://m.seoul.go.kr/lang/topmenu.do?lang=eng in the smartphone Internet browser (or Safari) address bar or, in the case of ordinary mobile phones, press 02 and the Internet connection button (Nate, Show, Oz), and then click the LIVE Cam menu icon in Mobile Seoul.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government recently announced the top ten most popular policies as chosen by Seoul citizens from among the 99 policies implemented by the current municipal government in line with citizens recommendations and requests. The city government recently conducted a ten-day online survey of citizens satisfaction with the 99 Seeds of Hope projects. A total of 27,946 citizens clicked and 708 people posted their opinions, including 30 suggestions about other topics. The most popular policy chosen by the citizens was Making Seoul a Safer City for Women via the adoption of CPTED (Crime Prevention through Environmental Design). CPTED consists in designing and installing crime-deterrent facilities such as transparent glass elevators and blind spot mirrors in order to deter crime in spaces commonly frequented by women, such as residential areas, parks, parking lots and school premises. The city government is to announce its CPTED guidelines for buildings and facilities to be built in the city by the end of 2012. In addition, the city of Seoul will significantly enhance its level of safety, particularly for women, by installing additional CCTVs in 38 parks, operating the Special Judicial Police Squad (particularly at nighttime and during holidays), and increasing the brightness of street lighting from 3~5 to 5~10 lux, while reducing energy consumption by 30~50 percent due to the transition from street lamps to LED lighting.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced that the average fine dust level throughout spring 2012 in Seoul was 52/, the lowest figure since 1995, when records began, partly because of a reduction in the quantity of yellow dust this spring. In fact, the air in Seoul has been getting cleaner by the day in recent years. The city government has arranged for the N Seoul Tower at Namsan (Mt.) to be illuminated in blue if the days air quality is 45/ or less (i.e., in terms of fine dust) to enable Seoul citizens to check the air quality quickly and easily. The lighting hours of the tower are from sunset to 11:00 p.m. (10:00 p.m. in winter). The threshold fine dust level of 45/ is about the maximum dust level usually experienced in Jeju, the cleanest island region of Korea. N Seoul Tower illuminated in Sky Blue In the spring of 2012, the N Seoul Tower was lit up in blue for 52 days, showing a four-day increase over 2011. The city government attributes the improvement to two major factors: first, there was a reduction in the number of days of yellow dust pollution compared to 2011 second, the efforts of the municipal government and the citys district offices to reduce the amount of fine dust have paid off. With the aim of improving the air quality of Seoul to the level of a few truly clean global cities, the city of Seoul has endeavored to minimize the amount of fine dust in the atmosphere by introducing buses that run on compressed natural gas, enhancing dust control at the citys various construction sites, and increasing street cleaning with water, as well as implementing measures to reduce the volume of pollution caused by diesel vehicles.
Starting from May 1, the Butterfly Garden at Seoul Forest is offering a free butterfly program.The garden is home to a great variety of butterfly species, including the Alpine black swallowtail butterfly, which is protected by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, the tiger swallowtail butterfly, which is very familiar to locals due to a popular eponymously titled song, the black-tipped fritillary butterfly, thus named because of the black tips of the females wings, and the large copper butterfly, especially favored by British butterfly enthusiasts, as well as sulfur butterflies and cabbage butterflies, both of which are quite common locally. Visitors can also see butterfly caterpillars eating leaves and pupae turning into beautiful butterflies. The garden is open to the public free of charge, except for the weekend experience program, which starts at two oclock in the afternoon on Saturdays and Sundays and costs 10,000 won per family.  
The Seoul Metropolitan Government was honored with the E-Visionary Awards by the World Electric Vehicle Association (WEVA) for its contributions to promoting the use of electric cars in the city. The prestigious award is presented by the association at its annual World Electric Vehicle Symposium to a couple of cities or organizations worldwide which have made outstanding contributions to the distribution of electric automobiles. This year, nine cities vied for the prize including Frankfurt, Germany and Barcelona, Spain. Seoul was chosen as an awardee along with Lisbon, Portugal and Los Angeles, U.S.A. With the award, the city of Seoul has been internationally recognized for its serious efforts to promote the use of electric vehicles in the city. High-speed electric cars first began to operate in Seoul in 2010, along with recharging stations set up in more than a dozen locations. During the 2010 G20 Seoul Summit, a total of 53 eco-friendly cars, including electric cars and hydrogen-fuel-cell vehicles were mobilized and used successfully, demonstrating Korean advanced technology in this area to the whole world. Most notably, electric buses are operated regularly now in Seoul: for the first time in the world, electric buses were successfully fabricated and launched in December 2010, under a joint initiative of the city government and a couple of private businesses, for the Namsan (Mt.) circular bus route. The service has been covered by a host of global media including Reuters and CNN, while countless municipal leaders and officials have come to Seoul to learn about the technology and service. Having been designated as the Leading City in the Operation of Electric Vehicles by the Ministry of Environment of Korea in 2011, the city of Seoul has now been recognized for its efforts in the field both at home and abroad.
By the end of June 2012, card payment machines will have been installed in every taxi operating in Seoul, so customers will no longer be inconvenienced by cash-only payment methods when they alight. Seoul City(City Transportation Headquarters) finally decided to make it mandatory for taxis to install card payment machines, and has announced that all Seoul taxis will have them by the end of June in order to improve taxi services and raise Seoul citizens satisfaction with taxi services.Currently, 98.1% of Seoul taxis have card payment machines, leaving only 1,384 taxis without them. As there are so few taxis that only accept cash, people often feel inconvenienced when they realize a taxi does not accept cards. Seoul City has concluded that the limited number of cash-only taxis causes a disproportionate level of inconvenience and so the city is planning to impose penalties including fines on vehicles that do not meet the end-of-June deadline for card payment machine installation. This administrative decision is based on the Business Improvement Order, Article 23 of the Passenger Transport Service Act.Seoul City has provided assistance since last year by installing card payment machines at no cost to encourage immediate expansion of the system, and since January the city has supported taxis on card payment commission for a small fee. For new taxis, Seoul City will order card payment machines along with taximeters to ensure the payment facility is installed in every vehicle.With the installation of card payment machines in every taxi in Seoul, Seoul City is expecting to reduce conflicts between taxi drivers and customers over card payment issues, increase customer satisfaction with taxi services, and obtain taxi management transparency in the long term.
To usher in the Family Month of May, the 5678 Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corporation (CEO Gichun Kim) announced a number of special events specially conceived to remind people of the meaning of family. First, a free bracelet or necklace designed to prevent children from going missing is available this month. The gift is offered between 10:00am and 5:00pm from Monday to Saturday in the waiting lounge at the Achasan Station and Childrens Grand Park Station. As the month of May, which includes Childrens Day, is a popular month for family excursions, this service should be of great help in preventing children from going missing and make it possible to locate missing children quickly. This service is offered in cooperation with Sarangbat Corporation, a social welfare NGO.Parents can choose either a bracelet or a necklace on which both the childs name and the contact number of the parent/guardian will be inscribed. Second, staff at 130 of the 5678 Seoul Metro stations are planning to present 15,000 carnations to elderly passengers who use the metro on May 7~8. This event is designed to show respect and appreciation for senior citizens in celebration of Parents Day. In addition to these events, a special photography event for the elderly and families will be held every Friday in May in the Culture Room on the 1st basement floor of Jamsil Station. The Portrait Photography Public Service Community has been taking portrait photographs of the elderly, but in celebration of the Family Month of May, the community is also photographing families free of charge. Photos are taken between the hours of 12:00 and 13:00, and printed and distributed in A4 format. Those who wish to participate should book in advance at the Customer Service Office in any station on Subway Line No. 8 (from Amsa to Moran Station). 
Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold a Free Speech Corner every Saturday from 12:00 to 16:00. Using the Let me talk! stage in Cheonggye Plaza, Seoul citizens or foreigners visiting Seoul will be able to speak publicly about events, their impressions of Seoul, or any other topic. For the last three months, numerous citizens ranging from a 13-year-old elementary school student to an 83-year-old pensioner have participated in the Free Speech Corner and presented their personal opinions freely. The subjects of discussion varied from personal difficulties to social issues. The event was held twelve times up until April 2012, with 149 people participating. Seoul City strives to reflect the memos, suggestions and other public opinions that have been presented at the Free Speech Corner in the city government administration. 
Six months have passed since Mayor Park Won Soons inauguration. The following represent a summary of the major items included among The One Hundred Seeds of Hope which the New Mayor Has Made Possible, which were made public on the 100th day of the mayors inauguration. Six Months on Mayor Parks Watch summarized in numbersHappy Number 0The city government started running the Seoul Hope Support Center and the Emergency Shelter last winter,resulting in zero homeless persons freezing to death for the first time in Seouls history.Hopeful Number 111The figure 111, meaning 1,110,000 won, represents the amount of the tuition fee required for one semester (six months) at The University of Seoul, which is half the tuition fee charged by the same university in 2011, i.e., 2,200,000 won. This sharp reduction in the tuition fee for the municipal college has triggered a national movement to reduce college tuition fees. Across the country, the tuition fees for 186 universities dropped by an average of 4.48% in 2012. Hopeful Number 1152This is the number of Seoul City Government officials who obtained permanent positions in May 2012,accounting for 37.2% of all the citys temporary employees. Following the city governments upgrade of their temporary positions to permanent ones as of May 1st, the new permanent employees will receive automatic pay increases, and will also be eligible for welfare points (to be transferred to monetary compensation), annual leavecompensation, and severance pay.Hopeful Number 587000The city began to offer free school meals made with environmentally-friendly food ingredients to 587,000students in elementary schools plus first year students at middle schools in March 2012. Hopeful Number 925,000,000This is the amount of money that the 38-Tax Collection Department has collected from delinquent taxpayers(i.e., avoidance of more than 10 million won) since the beginning of this year, when the previous organization changed its name and augmented its staff. The One Hundred Seeds of Hope which the New Mayor Has Made Possible 
The city government has signed an MOU with an LED light supplier and suppliers association to replace all the lightings in the underground parking facilities of large buildings in Seoul by 2014. LED lights save up to 50% more energy compared to traditional lights. According to the agreement, every light purchase will accumulate 1 percent of the purchase amount for the donation of energy to the underprivileged inhabitants of the city. Seoul City is also assisting the purchase and installation expenses of LEDs at 40% lowered than regular market price. For residents who cannot even afford to pay 40%-discounted expenses, Seoul City decided to offer them a first free-installation after electricity-saved fee collection program. The First Free-Installation After Electricity-Saved Fee Collection Program is: First, Seoul City assists the purchase and installation expenses of LED lightings free of charge for residents, and collect electricity bills at regular rate for several months, not at a discounted LED lighting rate, in order to retrieve the cost of the program. Seoul City will implement this program first to 1.2 million apartments and 800,000 business buildings and then expand to hospitals and convenience stores in the future. It is expected that the replacement of two million lights in underground parking lots by 2014 will save up to 32.7 billion won on energy bills every year (with a saving of 297,000Mwh of energy). Moreover, the emission of toxic matter such as mercury and the waste of lighting fixtures can be reduced by up to one fifth, further contributing to environmental protection.
The Seoul Human Resource Development Center invited 15 officials from 11 of its sister cities, including Budapest, Sao Paolo, Shanghai and Mozambique, to attend a cultural policy course from April 29 to May 7, 2012. The course was designed to share Seouls proven cultural policies, develop the human resources of its sister cities, boost its status in the international community, and promote international exchanges. The course featured lectures given by high-level officials of the city government on Seouls culture, tourism and design policies visits to Hanyang Walls, Seoul Art Space_Sindang, Filmmakers Creative Zone, Sejong Center for the Performing Arts, and the Seoul Global Culture & Tourism Center and diverse experiences of Korean culture including the Cookin Nanta live show, Samullori (traditional percussion quartet), Gyeongbokgung Palace, Seoul Namsan Traditional Theater (for experiences of traditional Korean clothes) and N Seoul Tower. The participants also visited a new type of flea market (where all the vendors are ordinary citizens offering their own home-made goods at very low prices) at the Seoul Human Resource Development Center. They experienced the culture of frugality, and the tradition of sharing and caring for the environment among the thousands of people participating in the fun market.
Ondol Welfare Project continues on year-round basis and Ondol Welfare Citizen Planning Council becomes permanent organization.Starting this year, the Ondol Welfare Project will be run all year round, and is no longer just a winter project to help the underprivileged survive the cold. In addition, regional networks will be further enhanced to identify and provide support to more welfare blind spots in their respective areas, while the Ondol Welfare Citizen Planning Council will henceforth be run as a permanent organization. Mesh Network Welfare Center changes to Welfare NPO Support CenterThe Mesh Network Welfare Center, under the Seoul Welfare Foundation, is set to become the Welfare NPO Support Center, which, as a grassroots civic organization, will play a central role in promoting close cooperation between the public and private sectors. Seoul Welfare Legal Counseling Center to be opened in June In the course of implementing the welfare program, 264 problems in 12 areas were identified. These issues will be addressed by the Seoul Welfare Legal Counseling Center, which is due to open June this year as an expert legal service organization backed by the Seoul Bar Association, Lawyers for a Democratic Society, and Peoples Solidarity for Participatory Democracy. The Online Ondol Welfare Community Map (http://ondol.welfare.seoul.kr) will be enhanced and exemplary cases selected through Ondol Welfare contests will be actively publicized with the aim of boosting participation by ordinary citizens and private organizations in the cause. We hope that in 2012, the Ondol Welfare Project will bring love to more of our neighbors, filling Seouls sky with warmth. 
120 Dasan Call Center now offers its 24-hour information service on SNS as well. (Twitter@120seoulcall & me2day http://me2day.net/120seoulcall)The information provided by the call center ranges from traffic, transportation and public utility issues, including subway breakdowns, power outages, water supply disruptions, traffic advice on heavy snowfall or rain, and the extended operation of public transport, to the great variety of events taking place in Seoul.Citizens have so far shown a very positive response to the service, stating that it is faster and more up-to-date than any other news or information media. This resounding success has been made possible by feeding the latest data required for the provision of an up-to-the-minute information service directly into the center on a real-time basis.In the meantime, the Dasan Call Center received its 40 millionth telephone inquiry on April 18, some five years and three months after the service was launched in January 2007.  The individual who made that historic call at 15:30 on April 16 was inquiring about a fee charged for late payment of a water bill, which she thought was unjustified. She said, I am very satisfied with the 120 Center service. The service was quick and accurate, and the representative was very kind.  The 120 Dasan Call Center is staffed with 524 service representatives (as of March 2012) who provide 24-hour call services using information supplied from more than 25,000 databases. The number of telephone calls to the center has increased sharply, rising from 1,184 a day immediately following the centers launch to 38,000 a day at present, representing a 32-fold increase. The level of satisfaction with the city governments call service has also improved significantly, rising from a score of 41.6 before the establishment of Dasan Call Center to over 95 out of 100 at present. 
120 Dasan Call Center now offers its 24-hour information service on SNS as well. (Twitter@120seoulcall & me2day http://me2day.net/120seoulcall)The information provided by the call center ranges from traffic, transportation and public utility issues, including subway breakdowns, power outages, water supply disruptions, traffic advice on heavy snowfall or rain, and the extended operation of public transport, to the great variety of events taking place in Seoul.Citizens have so far shown a very positive response to the service, stating that it is faster and more up-to-date than any other news or information media. This resounding success has been made possible by feeding the latest data required for the provision of an up-to-the-minute information service directly into the center on a real-time basis.In the meantime, the Dasan Call Center received its 40 millionth telephone inquiry on April 18, some five years and three months after the service was launched in January 2007.  The individual who made that historic call at 15:30 on April 16 was inquiring about a fee charged for late payment of a water bill, which she thought was unjustified. She said, I am very satisfied with the 120 Center service. The service was quick and accurate, and the representative was very kind.  The 120 Dasan Call Center is staffed with 524 service representatives (as of March 2012) who provide 24-hour call services using information supplied from more than 25,000 databases. The number of telephone calls to the center has increased sharply, rising from 1,184 a day immediately following the centers launch to 38,000 a day at present, representing a 32-fold increase. The level of satisfaction with the city governments call service has also improved significantly, rising from a score of 41.6 before the establishment of Dasan Call Center to over 95 out of 100 at present. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has designated the following new Green Technologies of Seoul and will financially support their development: low head hydro power applications (power generation using waterfalls of 20 meters or less), recycling of landfill-bound waste, and elimination of black carbon emanating from meat roasted on open fires in Korean restaurants. The city government has selected seven technologies (3 new and renewable energy, 2 LED lighting, and 2 everyday life technologies) in three technological areas under its Support for Promotion of Green Technology Development in Seoul 2012 in accordance with strict evaluation criteria, and will provide grants of up to 300 million won per technology for a total budget of 1.5 billion won. The seven selected technologies, which are due for financial assistance over the next one year, include the following: development of a power generator using low waterfalls elimination of black carbon emanating from meat roasted on open fires in Korean restaurants recycling of landfill-bound waste development of an anaerobic digestion model and processes for maximizing methane production technology for evaluating the performance of LED lighting systems development of light LED street lamps focusing on forward lighting and technology for developing and maintaining natural grass school playgrounds.
The city government held the Great Citizens Debate on Reducing One Nuclear Power Plant, which saw 22 debating teams from civic, religious and academic groups and energy industry associations debating the issue of how to close a nuclear power plant. On Monday, April 16, the citizens debate dealt with 22 issues in the fields of saving energy in everyday life and producing new and renewable energy. The 22 issues can also be categorized as follows: production of energy, efficiency of building energy consumption, energy saving in households and commercial establishments, citizenship education, green jobs, and cultural approaches to raising public awareness. The city government gathered citizens reactions to the opinions and suggestions raised about the topics of energy saving and new energy production in real time through SNS (Social Networking Service).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government held an orientation Session for 1,133 city officials (325 from City Hall and the citys business establishments and 808 from the citys affiliated agencies) whose temporary jobs will become permanent positions as of May 1, at the University of Seoul on April 30. The session was attended by Mayor Park Won Soon and the heads of various agencies under the auspices of the Seoul Metropolitan Government, including the Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corporation and the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts, as a considerable number of their staff members were due to make the transition from temporary to permanent employment. The new permanent-position officials were presented with letters of appointment and new ID cards. The orientation session covered certain educational issues as well as an introduction to the city governments policies, the desirable attitude of public servants, and various other technical matters.Starting with the orientation program, the city government plans to open training courses for public officials and implement systematic educational programs for temporary officials in order to offer them opportunities to boost their competence as public servants.The curricula will include kindness and other valued qualities of public servants, introductions to the policies of the city government, computer skills, and other practical subjects related to the improvement of their job competence. In principle, the training will be offered by each agency. Starting in 2013, the Seoul Human Resources Development Center will launch a training course for public officials, while the city government will continue doing its utmost to ensure that its officials attend various education and training sessions.Mayor Park Won Soon said, I will make every effort to improve the working conditions of temporary workers who are indirectly employed, including dispatched workers from private contractors, to implement the policy of hiring officials as permanent positions for any constant job, and to extend this principle to the private sector in Korea.
On April 26, the 180th day of Mayor Parks inauguration, the city government announced its plans to close a nuclear power plant. The city government said that through the comprehensive plans to close a nuclear plant, largely by means of reducing energy demand + increasing the production of new & renewable energy sources, Seoul will be able to prevent a large-scale power outage while promoting a safe and sustainable energy production and saving system. The city of Seoul will close a nuclear power plant by adopting a combination of energy saving + new energy production. After collecting opinions from citizens for four months, the city of Seoul announced its comprehensive plans to close a nuclear plant which elaborating on 78 ideas in six areas. The Citizens Council to close one nuclear plant composed of 17 experts in various fields To eliminate the need for one nuclear plant by reducing energy consumption by 2 million TOE by 2014 Current power self-sufficiency rate of 2.8%  8% by 2014  20% by 2020 KRW 3.2444 trillion to be invested with expected returns of 2.08 trillion won in annual energy saving and a reduction of 7.33 million tons of greenhouse gas emissions Core Measures Installation of a solar panels on building roofs and creation of one energy self-reliant village in each district of Seoul Energy independence of major facilities and smooth operation of urban infrastructure, even in the event of a large-scale power outage mplementation of energy saving measures, or BRP (building retrofit project) for 12,200 energy-intensive buildings and proportional reduction in property taxes according to the energy reduction rate 100% replacement of traditional lighting in subway stations, underground shopping facilities and underground parking lots of large buildings by LED lights At the time of urban planning evaluation, an introduction of a total energy consumption limit system and boosting the ratio of obligatory installation of new and renewable energy Creation of 40,000 green jobs with a Green Enterprise Start-up Fund of 40 billion won Promotion of an energy-saving action culture and operation of a support organization for the elimination of one nuclear plant
How much energy can you save by turning off a light? If ten million people turned off just one light, it would make a significant difference. The city government announced that Seoul saved about 2.3 billion won worth of energy through its participation in Earth Hour, a global event that took place for 60 minutes from 08:30 to 09:30 p.m. on Saturday, March 31. Compared to the level of energy consumption a week earlier, March 24(Sat), energy consumption on March 31 declined by 15,336MWh, representing 2.3 billion won in terms of reduced energy bills.  Energy (electricity) saving: 2.3 billion won (15,336MWh151won/KWh) The energy saved on March 31 amounts to 0.25% of the daily power production at a nuclear power plant (Wolseong 4).  Average annual energy production at Wolseong 4 Nuclear Plant for the past ten years: 6,033,456MWh Globally, this years Earth Hour event was participated in by 6,525 cities and villages in 150 countries, showing an increase of 1,525 cities and villages compared to 2011 (5,000 cities and villages in 150 countries).
The Seoul Baekje Museum is scheduled to open its doors on April 30 after eight years of dedicated preparations at Olympic Park (near South Gate 2) in Bangi-dong, Songpa-gu. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has worked on the structure and exhibitions of the museum to restore the importance of Seoul (then known as Hanseong), the capital of the Kingdom of Baekje (18BC~ 660AD) for 500 years from 18 BC to 475 AD. When Hanseong was the capital of Baekje, its territory encompassed not only central and southwestern Korea but also Hwanghaedo (currently in North Korea) and Gangwondo on the east coast. Indeed, the Kingdom of Baekje commanded the largest territory and wielded the most power of the peninsulas three kingdoms for a considerable period of time. Seoul, in one form or another, has been the capital city of two kingdoms (Baekje and Joseon) and a republic (the current Republic of Korea) for a total of 1,080 years. Hanseong, as the capital city of Baekje, was just the start of its history of more than a thousand years of a national capital, a very rare case in the world history. The Baekje Museum, which covers a land area of 14,894m and a building area of 19,423m, is a two-story with three underground levels. The museum is designed to match the natural flow of the nearby Mongchontoseong (Earthen Fortification), and is shaped like a boat of Baekje to symbolize the kingdoms status as a sea power of Northeast Asia. The museum boasts six main exhibition spaces: the lobby, three permanent exhibition halls on B1 (underground level one) and the 1st floor, one temporary exhibition hall, and an outdoor exhibition space on the 2nd floor rooftop. The exhibitions are presented in chronological order to enable visitors to follow each major subject of the exhibition spaces without difficulty. The museum is also equipped with a range of modern educational facilities including auditoriums, classrooms, a seminar hall and a library, in addition to various convenient facilities such as a cafeteria, restaurant, rooftop garden and 4D Film Theater. The museum comprises 42,311 exhibits which have been gathered and assembled from many places across the nation. The city of Seoul has been designated by the central government as an agency for the storage and management of 2,199 items including siyudogi (glazed pottery), critical items containing a wealth of information about exchanges between Baekje and various Chinese dynasties. The city government has also purchased 157 relics dating back to the prehistoric and ancient eras from private collections. The city of Seoul has also received 34,428 relics as donations, and has secured an exhibition of 4,147 items discovered in the Pungnaptoseong Excavation Project under a contract with the National Research Institute of Cultural Properties, Korea. Considerable emphasis will be placed on the museums function as a lifelong educational facility. The electronic library located on underground level 2 contains a great variety of materials concerning the prehistoric and ancient periods of Korean history. The museum has also arranged a host of educational and cultural programs tailored for all age groups. In combination with tours of the Mongchontoseong (Earthen Fortification) and Pungnaptoseong (Mud Rampart), the museum expects to become a popular site for students of all levels, particularly on Saturdays. (As of 2012 Korean students no longer have classes on Saturdays.) To commemorate its opening, the museum will hold an exhibition titled The Fashions of Baekje  Clothing and Accessories, which will feature displays of fabrics (nine kinds), clothing (twenty-five kinds) and accessories (seventy kinds), and offer a number of experiential programs. The exhibition is open to the public from April 30 to September 14. Status of the Facilities  Land Area: 14,894, Building Area: 19,423 / two-story with three underground levels  Exhibition Space: Lobby, Three Permanent Exhibitions Halls, Temporary Exhibition Hall, Outdoor ExhibitionSpace  Educational Facilities: Auditoriums, Classrooms, Seminar Hall, Library  Convenience Facilities: Cafeteria, Restaurant, Rooftop Garden, 4D Film Theater Panorama of the Museum Exhibition Space 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will launch the 5th SISF (Seoul International Student Forum) on Friday, 22 June 2012. Meanwhile, it is seeking people who would like to work as members of the forum. Applications will be accepted from April 23(Mon) to May 13(Sun). The SISF has been held annually since 2008 for the purpose of offering international students in Seoul opportunities to visit the major administrative offices of Seoul, volunteer for work in community service centers, and to come up with ways of improving various aspects of the city administration. One particular focus of the program is to make Seoul an agreeable place for foreigners to live in. The 5th forum will be composed of eighty-eight international students enrolled in colleges and universities in Seoul alongside twelve Korean students. Only students who have passed a documentation examination will be invited for interviews, and priority will be given to those interested in the work of the Seoul Metropolitan Government. The applicants who are selected to take part in the forum will work in groups from July to August (the summer vacation period in Korea) with the aim of presenting fresh ideas to improve the civil service of Seoul. For the 4th SISF launched in 2011, a total of 192 people applied and 84 students from 32 countries were finally selected, representing a recruitment ratio of about 2.28 to 1.In 2012, priority will be given to those who have obtained Grade 3 or higher in TOPIK (Test of Proficiency in Korean) and studied in Korea the longest. This is because such students are more likely to come up with ideas to improve the city administration based on their experience and knowledge of Seoul. For those who have shown themselves to be efficient in their forum activities, the city government plans to offer them the chance to work as interns in its offices in collaboration with the Global Internship program, as an incentive for more active participation in the forum. The internship, meanwhile, is open to international students in Seoul for temporary positions during the summer and winter vacations. To apply for the 5th SISF, download an application form at the website of the Seoul Global Center and e-mail the completed form to us.  http://global.seoul.go.kr/ -> PROGRAMS -> International Student Forum E-mail address: sgc.sisf@gmail.com Telephone inquiries: +82-2-2075-4108 Please refer to the following schedules and activities required for the 5th SISF before submitting an application: A workshop for all participants is scheduled for June 24-25. The final presentation and the awards ceremony are slated for August 26.  Team activities include visiting major administrative offices of Seoul throughout the vacation period and performing volunteer services in community child centers in Seoul from August 8 to 11.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is offering 1,000 visitors an opportunity to experience Korean culture under the 2012 Introducing Seoul Culture program. The first participants in the program were a group of twenty-two multiracial students from New York and LA, who visited Korea from Aril 5 to 15 to participate in Project Bridge, a youth cultural exchange program conducted by the Korea Society. On April 13, the group experienced Koreas traditional culture, including Taekwondo and Korean lifestyle and traditions at Namsangol Hanok Village, and toured Bukchons eight scenic sights and the Gahoe Museum. Upon their return to the USA, the participants will post pictures taken during the tour and comment on their experiences on Seoul Metropolitan Governments English-language homepage, Facebook and YouTube in order to share cultural information about Seoul. Launched in 2008, the Introducing Seoul Cultureprogram will provide age-specific, national and seasonal customized courses for foreign visitors this year, in a bid to present a more varied image of Seoul. The Introducing Seoul Cultureprogram has contributed to improving Seouls brand image by presenting Seoul culture to a combined total of 9,350 foreigners, international students, diplomats, foreign officials, foreign press corps, crew members and exchange students.  The Korea Society is a New York-based non-profit organization that introduces Korean Culture and Art through performances, exhibitions, movies, forums and publications.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government launched Seouls first Honorary Citizenship Labor Ombudsman, composed of twenty-five private experts on labor, on April 13. Thirty people, including Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon, Honorary Vice-Mayor for Youth Kim Yeong-gyeoung and the members of the Honorary Citizenship Labor Ombudsmen attended the Honorary Citizenship Labor Ombudsman Ceremony. The twenty-five appointed members of the Honorary Citizenship Labor Ombudsman each has at least five years experience working as a certified labor attorney or were selected from a group of private employment experts recommended by labor organizations. The ombudsman will focus mainly on protecting the rights of vulnerable people who work for small businesses or are temporary workers, and offer multilateral support aimed at establishing a better work environment and more rewarding job conditions. Its members will provide free-counseling, using the experience and knowledge of the labor field they have accumulated by working as honorary citizens for two years. Workers with specific difficulties or queries can request counseling by e-mail or dial 120, and a counselor will listen to their difficulties and offer counseling and advice. According to Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon, The Honorary Citizenship Labor Ombudsman is a labor project that aims to address a blind spot in local governmental policy and which Seoul City Government will push ahead with resolutely. We will increase the number of members of the ombudsman to seventy-five by 2014 to further promote the rights and interests of the most vulnerable workers.
Seoul Metropolitan Government selected 102 trails in Seoul that are worth visiting for their beautiful spring flowers. The Government classified the selected spring flower trails into the following five categories according to their characteristics in order to enhance visitors convenience: (1) spring flower trails that are ideal for spring outings (2) spring flower trails that are suitable for spring festivals (3) spring flower trails that are perfect for enjoying unusual flowers (4) spring flower trails that are good routes for spring driving and (5) spring flower trails that offer excellent possibilities for walking and exercise.The Meteorological Administration predicts that forsythia will start blooming from April 2 azalea from April 5 and cherry blossoms from April 10 and that spring flowers generally should be in full bloom by around April 16. The following parks are all blessed with beautiful spring flower trails that are perfect for spring outingsJungnang Camping Forest:This forest, which used to be a pear orchard area even before the construction of the park, presents a magnificent scenic view of white pear flowers along the walking trail. The forest is also famous for its automobile campsite. Equipped with grassy fields, outdoor tables, and electricity supply facilities, as well as other convenience facilities such as spas and shower rooms, it boasts the best camping facilities in Korea. Dream Forest:Along the forests big avenue, visitors will see wangbeot trees (prunus yedoensis) in full bloom, as well as iris flowers and thousands of wild flowers. Visitors can relax and enjoy lunch as well as cultural performances and an observatory. Namsan(Mt.):Namsan will be colored by forsythia, azalea, and cherry blossoms in quick succession as the onset of spring approaches. Daffodils are in full bloom along the Northern Circular Road, where a series of streams were recently constructed. A trip in the cable car to N Seoul Tower, or a cup of tea on the terrace of Mongmyeok Sanbang, a teahouse built in the style of hanok (Korean traditional house), are excellent ways to enjoy striking scenic views of Seoul. Ttukseom Seoul Forest:The blossoms of wangbeot trees (prunus yedoensis) in the ecological forest are fantastic. However, the beautiful flowers in the sunken garden and the butterfly dances at the Insect Plant Hall are also must-see attractions. World Cup Park:Rape flowers are in full bloom at the Grass Plaza of Pyeonghwa Park, scarlet poppies and babies breath at the Metropolis Trail, and forsythia along the Haneul-gil of Haneul Park. The campsites at Noeul Park will be open from May 1, and will start accepting reservations via the Internet from April 2. Childrens Grand Park:This park is well known as the most beautiful park in all of Seoul when the cherry blossoms are in full bloom. Equipped with a zoo and diverse amusement facilities for children, it is one of the best spring outing venues in Korea. Seoul Grand Park in Gwacheon:The wangbeot trees (prunus yedoensis) that flower along the circular road are very impressive. The Zoo and Seoul Land, the National Museum of Contemporary Art, and the nearby Seoul Racetrack Park are excellent spring outing courses. 
The Proposal Wall, which was closed during the winter season, reopened this month. Under the title of Putting Flowers on Rubber Shoes, two couples took part in surprise proposal events on February 29 (Wednesday). Dumuldari(Bridge), where the Proposal Wall is situated, is the confluence of two streams, Seongbukcheon and Jeongneungcheon, which flow into Cheonggyecheon. The wall is a romantic symbol of the meeting of a man and a woman from different environments who fall in love with each other. Ever since the first marriage proposal was made at the Proposal Wall on December 24, 2007, more than 820 couples have confessed their love there. The success rate of the proposals is nearly 100 % due to the romantic mood at the Wall. The secret of the Walls popularity is that young couples, who are not generally economically blessed, can hold an event there without worrying about the cost of hiring a stage, lighting, and sound effects. Those wishing to stage a proposal event at the Wall can select any day from Wednesday to Saturday via the Proposal Wall homepage (http://english.sisul.or.kr/grobal/cheonggye/eng/WebContent/index.html), and upload their story, proposal UCC videos and photo files. Dumuldari is located near Exit 5 of Yongdu Station and Exit 9 of Sinseol-dong Station on Subway Line No. 2. Putting Flowers on Rubber Shoes (February 29, 2012)(Rubber Shoes is a slang expression referring to a woman waiting for her boyfriend who is away on military service. When the man completes his service, he fixes flowers on the rubber shoes, and the rubber shoes become flower shoes). The 777th love confession couple event (November 03, 2011)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will operate 365 fountains installed in parks and streets across the city from April or May to September. In order to save energy, the City Government has decided to reduce the operating period of the fountains by two months compared with previous years. The twenty major fountains due to operate from April include those at Gwanghwamun Square, Seoul Plaza, Cheonggyecheon Stream, Childrens Grand Park, Hangang Moonlight Rainbow Fountain, and Seoul Grand Park.The City Government will only operate fountains installed on major streets during morning and evening commute hours, and lunch hours, and floor-springing fountains that are widely used by citizens in the afternoon, as part of its efforts to conserve energy. Notably, while conventional fountains generally served a decorative function, modern fountains are created in diverse forms, including floor fountains and streaming fountains, which enable children to play in and drink from them, thus obliging the City Government to enhance their water quality. The City Government carries out the water management of aquatic facilities designed for play in line with the Guidelines on the water quality management of aquatic play facilities, as set by the Ministry of Environment on August 26, 2010, which call for management primarily of waters hydrogen ion concentration (5.8~8.6), turbidity (4NTU), and bacillus count (200(less than count/100))
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is set to publish a Prenatal Education for Immigrant Women A Mothers Whisper to support marriage immigrants healthy pregnancy and birthing. The project is intended as a solution to language difficulties experienced by the steadily increasing number of marriage immigrants who become pregnant and give birth in Korea, after moving to Korea at a young age. Prenatal Education for Immigrant Women A Mothers Whisper offers prenatal guidelines for five stages of pregnancy: preparing to become a mother early pregnancy  mid pregnancy  late pregnancy  and giving birth, through the medium of fairytales. The book will be translated into ten different languages, including Vietnamese, Thai, Filipino, and Mongolian, to ensure that minority immigrants do not feel excluded and that they receive necessary information. A parallel text in Korean will also be included in the book to enable immigrants and children to study both languages at once. Korean audio files will be provided free on the Multicultural Family Hanultari website (http://eng.mcfamily.or.kr/) to assist mothers who wish to read fairytales in Korean to the fetus. A Mothers Whisper, a prenatal fairytale book for marriage immigrants, can be picked up free of charge from the Seoul City Immigration Bureau or any Multicultural Family Support Center (23 centers in total) or local office public service center.
The citizens of Seoul call 119 every ten seconds according to The History of 119 Reports in Seoul issued by Seoul Emergency Operations Center on the occasion of its tenth anniversary. According to the report, Seoul Emergency Operations Center received 30.25 million emergency calls for the ten years from 2002 to 2011. The calls were broadly composed of emergency (13.6%), rescue (1.3%), fire (1.18%), location tracking (0.4%) and other types of calls including consultations about safety (83.2%). 119 calls were made every ten seconds during the ten years, with emergencies reported every 76 seconds, rescue requests made every 13 minutes, and fires reported every 14 minutes. During the decade, the patterns of 119 calls changed.Fire reports dropped from 39,308 to 25,336, showing a 35.5% decline, whereas rescue requests and emergency calls increased by 25% and 17.6%, respectively.The number of calls requesting the location tracking service, which was launched in 2006 to assist or rescue persons in distress, increased from 3,807 in 2006 to 37,458 in 2011, showing a tenfold increase.The number of hoax or prank calls dropped from 15,874 to 1,072 during the same period. Most of them were made from phone booths, making them hard to locate. The Seoul Emergency Operations Center began to handle all city-wide emergency calls in 2002, whereas previously, each fire station dealt with them. Currently, the center handles an average of 10,686 cases a day with each official at the center responding to an average daily load of 630 cases. The most preposterous dilemmas the officials have been asked to resolve include such pearls as: I am depressed. Please send me someone who can play the pipe for me, Please call a Chinese restaurant and order a jjamppong (Chinese-style noodles with vegetables and seafood) for me, Please help us move our wardrobe from the living room to the master bedroom, and While I was talking to my wife, whos just got involved in a traffic accident in China, the phone was cut off. Please do something to find out what is going on there. 119 Calls from 2002-2011119 Calls in 2011Daily Average of 119 Calls in Contents in 2011
With the heat generated by incinerating 730,000 tons of waste out of a total of 1.1 million tons of combustible municipal waste at four resource recovery facilities in Yangcheon, Nowon, Gangnam and Mapo in 2011, the city of Seoul gained an import substitution effect worth 185billion won of crude oil or 1.33 million barrels of crude at current prices. The volume of clean and renewable energy thus obtained is equivalent to the amount of energy required to heat 190,000 households or 14% of all apartments in Seoul (1.32 million units in 2010). The heat generated by incinerating one ton of household waste can provide clean heating energy for one household for 90 days so four tons of waste can produce sufficient energy to heat a household for 365 days. Note: Our assumption that the energy obtained from 730,000 tons of waste would heat 190,000 households is based on the average household heating energy consumption of 9Gcal.
Seoul Metropolitan Government is actively supporting the Seoul Nuclear Security Summit to be held from Monday 26 March to Tuesday 27 March, 2012. Ten thousand people are expected to attend the summit including 53 heads of state and representatives of five international organizations including the United Nations. The city of Seoul is supporting the summit with its own budget of 166.2 million won and the Seoul Nuclear Security Summit Support Center.Thinking that the summit is also a good opportunity to advertise Seoul, the city government has installed Seoul Publicity Booth at the International Media Center located on the 1st floor of COEX (the main venue of the summit) in an office space of 70. The booth will distribute a press kit (77 pages in English) to domestic and overseas journalists and reporters. 6,500 copies of the press kit are prepared. In addition, the city of Seoul is taking the following measures to make the summit a success: (1) recruiting and assigning volunteers (2) doing a big cleanup across the city (3) providing medical care (4) improving the environment for summit venues and VIP hotels (5) monitoring food and public health related industries (6) operating foreigner support centers at five hotels where many foreign nationals are staying during the summit (7) cooperating with the central government including taking anti-terrorist measures in collaboration with Presidential Security Service.In the meantime, Seoul Metropolitan Government will implement an alternate driving system during the summit period throughout the city. Only vehicles with license plates ending in even numbers can be driven on Monday, 26 March and those with odd numbers on Tuesday 27 March. These restrictions are applied to private cars and private non-commercial vans for fewer than 10 people. The measures are voluntary, though active cooperation is anticipated. The city government has designated the two days of the summit as the days of public transportation and will increase the public transportation service dramatically. The city of Seoul has run a public transportation day every month, on the fourth Wednesday. Only this month the day will be increased to two days and moved up to Monday and Tuesday of the fourth week. The city government will increase 100 subway services and add 412 buses mainly during the morning and afternoon rush hours. On these two days, the rush hour transportation arrangement, when more subways and buses run, will be expanded by one hour in the morning (until ten oclock instead of nine) and in the evening (until nine oclock instead of eight) respectively. Please note that the roads in the city of Seoul, particularly around COEX (the main venue), may be blocked off to vehicles at any time during the summit for the security of VIPs and delegates or as a smooth progress of the summit requires. In addition, at Samseong Station, the nearest subway station to COEX, trains will not stop from the first train on the 26th to trains at 18:00 on the 27th. In order to minimize the citizens inconvenience, free shuttle buses will run between Seolleung Station and Sports Complex Station a number of times a day. An Overview of 2012 Seoul Nuclear Security Summit
Seoul Metropolitan Government offers stories about the streets within the four gates of the city and stories about sign stones (e.g. a sign stone indicating that a location was a former palace site) in familiar animation images accessible on smartphones (QR codes) or mobile Web site. The service is provided because there are almost 20 million smartphone users in Korea. The service is also a great combination of the 600-year history of Seoul and its latest smart technology.Currently there are 17 animation contents for stories about roads and sign stones respectively. The contents were prepared by Korea Creative Content Agency. The city of Seoul is using them according to an agreement with the agency dated June 29, 2011. Thus the city government of Seoul could save money on the creation of the contents courtesy of the agency. The animation contents introduce the history of the main streets of Seoul and the historic sites in central Seoul comparing past and present easily and interestingly using pictures and animation videos. Haechi, the symbol of Seoul, does the storytelling for us. The contents are made in three foreign languages, too, such as English, Chinese and Japanese for an increasing number of foreign tourists. The focus of the contents is the harmony of the history and information technology of Seoul, an Ancient City of the Future. How to view animation contents about sign stones in Seoul?To get video contents service through a QR code, put your smartphone closer to the QR code, using a QR code reading program. You can enjoy video contents recorded in the code. If you want to get the video service on mobile Web site, access m.Seoul on a smartphone, select the culture/history menu, and you can enjoy the video you want. Seoul Metropolitan Government will continue to discover more stories about Seoul and offer them to its citizens and tourists, stories about a city of the future and stories about a cultural city where the history is alive and strong.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced on Tuesday, 12 March that it had signed a memorandum of understanding with Central Michigan University (CMU), USA, on the opening of a public administration course on Seoul City at the university. CMU will be the tenth university in the US to offer a case study course on the capital after Cornell University and Rutgers. The other U.S. universities that have already opened a graduate level case study course of the public administration of Seoul in their renowned graduate schools of public administration include the University of Texas, the University of Delaware, Florida International University, the University of Central Florida, the Rutgers University, the University of Georgia, Portland State University, and Cornell University. Developed three years ago, the course offers a one-week field trip to Seoul during the first semester. During the trip, students attend briefings by Seoul City officials and visit various sites of current public management initiatives. Seoul City plans to offer a similar course in universities in other English-speaking countries such as the UK and Canada, with the eventual goal of making Seoul the global center of exchange of information on municipal administration. Currently, the city government is in discussion with a number of British universities well known for their academic achievements in the area of public policy and administration, with a view to opening a public administration course on the city of Seoul in 2013.
Enthusiasm for Galaxy Superstar, the most popular K-Pop audition show in Indonesia, is sweeping the entire country. The final round of the competition will be filmed in Seoul over the next six months. The municipal government announced on Tuesday, March 13 that it would actively support the filming in Seoul, including financial assistance for the finalists professional vocal and dance training by Korean star-training agencies, free tours of famous tourist destinations in Seoul, and the securing of well-known sites as filming locations. The producers of Galaxy Superstar and the eleven finalists will arrive in Seoul on March 16. The star aspirants will be trained by top Korean entertainment companies to hone their voices and learn professional choreography for six months. They will also be given opportunities to better understand the land of K-Pop in general and to tour the famous tourist attractions of Seoul in particular. For instance, they will be taken on trips to such famous tourist sites in Seoul as Myeong-dong, Dongdaemun, Gyeongbokgung(Palace), Namsan (Mt.) and Cheonggyecheon(Stream). They will also have the chance to learn some basic Korean, taste various street foods, and visit a noraebang (Korean-style karaoke) and a jjimjilbang (Korean-style dry sauna heated by the traditional ondol heating system). They will also get to participate in street performances in Dongdaemum among other places.
Following a housewife with three children and a pre-college student, a middle school student blogger, who is curious and full of ideas, has been appointed as a one-day honorary mayor of Seoul. The student, named Kwon Sang-woo (15), has been running a blog called Sangwoos Diary since he was a fourth grader in primary school.Now a second grader at Cheongun Middle School, Kwon Sang-woo became associated with the city of Seoul on 3 February 2012 when he served as a member of the first panel at A talk with Bloggers celebrating Mayor Park Won Soons first 100 days in office. On Saturday, March 10, when he did not have to go to school as a result of the citys implementation of the five-day study week policy starting from March this year, he joined Mayor Parks visit to various sites from 10:00 in the morning until 03:30 in the afternoon. Honorary Mayor Kwon said, My dream is to be a person who always dreams about new things and brings happiness to myself and many others. It was an exciting and thrilling experience to accompany Mayor Park, whom I believe is a person who thinks, dreams, and acts wholeheartedly, said Kwon. He also said that if he were the mayor of Seoul, he would implement caring welfare policies for the underprivileged. The city of Seoul is planning to continue the Honorary mayor for a day program for citizens in a variety of fields in line with Mayor Parks philosophy of The citizens are the mayor.
In order to supply even safer Arisu to the public, the city of Seoul expanded the number of its regular water quality testing parameters from 155 to 163 at the beginning of 2012. Consequently, it now performs its water quality testing according to the standards recommended by the World Health Organization. Arisu is the name of the tap water of the city of Seoul. Originally, Arisu was the name used by the Kingdom of Goguryeo (37 BC  668 AD) to refer to the Hangang River. The additional testing items were selected by referring to the standards of the WHO and other domestic and overseas institutions. The final decision was made at a meeting of an advisory council composed of the citys water quality evaluators and experts in the field. The eight new testing items include geosmin, a cause of the recent noxious smell emanating from green algae. Aside from the 163 items being tested at the moment, the city of Seoul is conducting tests on a further 140 items which are detected in small quantities but are not regulated yet. The tests have been conducted since 2007 and will continue until 2016. In view of last years accidents at nuclear power plants in Japan and in preparation for any similar accidents elsewhere, the city of Seoul is also conducting tests on radioactive substances (134Cs, 137Cs, 131I) in an effort to eliminate public concerns about the presence of radioactive materials in the river.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (Hangang Project Headquarters) launched its new smartphone information service, which is designed to help visitors gain access to the river and search information on convenience facilities located along its banks, on Friday, March 2, 2012.The Hangang covers a vast area (about 6.6% or 605km2) of the city. As an eco-friendly park, a minimal amount of facilities have been built along the river, which can make it difficult for visitors to find their way to and around the park. However, users of the new smartphone information helper will be able to get the answers to all their questions. It provides visitors  whether domestic or international  to the park with all the necessary information they require.More specifically, the mobile website, which has been prepared in Korean and English-language versions, will offer visitors information on a variety of events staged on and along the river, the easiest access to the river, and various ways of enjoying oneself and forging everlasting memories along the river.Visitors equipped with smartphones will be able to access information on site, too, by making use of the QR codes indicated in many areas of the park, including at entrances, stores and water facilities, in addition to various other recreation/convenience facilities scattered around the park.Smartphone apps can be downloaded from Hangang or Hangang Park at the Android-Google Market.For further details about the Hangang Smartphone Information Helper, please call the Admin Office of the Hangang Project HQ at +82-2-3780-0731 or visit the office website http://hangang.seoul.go.kr/eng/ or the Mobile website http://m.hangang.seoul.go.kr
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has announced that it will carry out its 2012 Sister City Youth Vocational Training for a total of seventy young people from thirteen foreign cities through to December this year. The trainees will be schooled in eleven areas including building interiors, green (eco-friendly) car maintenance, and computer-assisted machinery. The Sister City Youth Vocational Training program has been implemented since 2001 as part of Seoul Citys international project on information exchange. Free vocational training is offered to overseas youth invited to the city of Seoul from its sister cities, simultaneously enhancing the friendly relationship between them and boosting Seouls profile as a city that shares its advanced technology with the world. This year the city has increased the number of trainees from sixty to seventy and the areas of training from eight to eleven. The trainees are required to have the following qualifications: proficiency in Korean a score of more than 161 points in the Basic-KLPT (Korean Language Proficiency Test) or Grade 1 at TOPIK (Test of Proficiency in Korean) or KLPT. The City of Seoul helps the trainees obtain the necessary visas and offers them free accommodation and meals in dormitories. Training is mostly on-the-job training, with all instructions given in Korean. From time to time the trainees undergo complementary training together with Korean trainees according to the curricula set for the latter to ensure the optimal training outcome. Successful candidates receive an initial opportunity to adapt to Korea, after which they immediately begin their vocational training. They also have opportunities to learn about the culture and history of Seoul during three visits to the municipal government of Seoul, as well as a chance to visit industrial sites that are closely associated the economic growth of Korea. (Photos) On-the-Job Training of Young People from Seouls Sister Cities and their Experiences of City Affairs and Korean Culture
The Seoul Design Support Center is holding the unique City Brand Design Exhibition from Monday, February 27 to Saturday, April 28. The exhibition is designed to offer visitors an overview of individual cities logos and slogans designed and developed by provincial and autonomous local governments and a closer look at products and printed/published materials that incorporate such designs in a single venue. The inner hall on the first floor displays various urban brands arrayed in cubes to stimulate interest among visitors to the exhibition hall, while the design manuals of the respective cities on display on the fifth and sixth floors enable visitors to explore how urban brand designs are utilized. They can learn about the history of chronological changes in urban brand design from the corridor displays. For further information about the exhibition, please visit the website (http://www.seouldesign.or.kr/eng), write to (ysso@seouldesign.or.kr), or dial +82-2-2096-0180. 
i TourSeoul (iOS), a new application designed to enable tourists to check out tourism information on Seoul City in five languages (Korean, English, traditional and simplified Chinese, and Japanese), will be launched on February 29, 2012. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has been operating the Seoul tourism website (http://www.visitseoul.net) since 2001 in five languages (including Korean, English, Chinese and Japanese) to provide indispensable information on tourism in Seoul and Seoul tours. In line with the ever rising number of Smartphone users, the City Government launched a smartphone application (i Tour Seoul) in December 2009, and expanded the service into a mobile web (http://m.visitseoul.net) in April 2010, positioning it as an essential service for tourists in the Korean capital. With the latest expansion of the service with the tablet PC app (i Tour Seoul), users will now be able to freely access a comprehensive range of information on tours in the City, whatever the type of IT device they use, including ordinary PCs, smartphones, and tablet PCs. With the newly introduced tablet PC app, users will now be able to check out information on tourist hotspots, famous restaurants and accommodation on a bigger screen in a more graphic format. The service enables users to view vivid images of major tourist attractions through high resolution photos and footage of sites filmed at 720 degree angles in advance, which will heighten their interest in visiting Seoul. Through Seoul maps provided in five different languages, including key information on 14,000 items, users will now be able to instantly access information compiled according to various search categories, including famous restaurants and accommodation. The service also provides detailed geographical information about the users current position and surrounding area, and a function that enables users to conveniently locate their desired destination. In addition, the service includes a tour scheduling function that allows users to fix in advance their schedules, calculate their expenses by the day and venue according to current exchange rates, as well as allowing them to share tourism information compiled with friends and family. As such, the service will enable users to plan and prepare their tours conveniently from the outset. The newly launched tablet PC app has been developed based on the iOS (iPad) environment, which holds the No.1 global market share. The City Government plans to develop and introduce an app for the android operating system by August 2012.
The Seoul Design Support Center is offering twenty-three one-month-long courses under the themes of creativity and design issues free of charge to members of the public, design majors or experts engaged in related areas from Friday, March 2 to Saturday, March 31. The courses, which consist of interesting topics proposed by experts working in a variety of fields, are designed to enable ordinary citizens who would otherwise have difficulty gaining access to design education, as well as design majors and those working in the field, to complete the courses more easily. The Seoul Design Support Center runs the free online education courses every month. Those interested should apply online at edu.seouldesign.or.kr at the beginning of each month. For inquiries about future educational programs or any other type of support, please visit the Website (http://sdsc.seouldesign.or.kr/eng/index.jsp) or call the center at +82-2-2096-0113.
The 230 million won raised by more than 30,000 participants in the 2011 We Run Seoul 10K will be donated to nurture the development of talent among low-income families children, support migrant workers medical costs, and perform heart surgery for children. The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced that it is going to donate 230 million won or 50% of the entry fees for the 2011 We Run Seoul 10K, which was co-sponsored by Seoul and NIKE in October 2011, to the Seoul Welfare Foundation, Global Village, and Korea Heart Foundation. The We Run Seoul 10K is part of a global running festival that has been held in sixteen major cities around the world, including Singapore, Kuala Lumpur and Buenos Aires, since 2008 in a style that suits the characteristics of each city. In Seoul, the event was held between Gwanghwamun and Yeouido, where more than 30,000 people ran the 10km race and enjoyed an extravagant musical festival at the destination. The runners designated the charity organization of their choice upon registration in line with the purpose of the event, Joy through Sharing. The event succeeded in promoting both a healthy life style and a donation culture.
Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corporation (http://www.sisul.or.kr) has created a small maze park (covering 200sqm) using recycled reeds under Majanggyo 2(Bridge) in the downstream area of Cheonggyecheon Stream, and will open it to the public on Tuesday, February 28. The reeds growing in Cheonggyecheon used to be deracinated and disposed of using taxpayers money. This winter, however, they have been used as the key material in the construction of a maze park. A total of 2,500 bundles of reeds were stacked upright and supported by bamboo poles for a maze park, 375 meters long and 1.5 meters high.Rather than uprooting the reeds last autumn, the reed colony opposite the maze park has been transformed into an attractive little reed trail measuring about 1.2 meters wide and 50 meters long. Parents can stroll along the trail with their children while couples can enjoy a romantic date there. Citizens walking along Cheonggyecheon, which currently presents a rather plain aspect at this time of year, found the reed trail very intriguing: reeds are regarded an autumnal plant. The reed maze park and reed trail will remain open to the public until the end of April.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide a Customized Performance Discount Program for Spring via the Women Friendly Seat service. This service designed exclusively for women offers a 50% discount on diverse performance programs in collaboration with cultural art institutes, targeting women who cant easily enjoy cultural art performances because of childcare obligations, household chores, and economic difficulties. There are many enjoyable performances for women to watch with their partner, children, or friends. March is the beginning of spring, so cheerful, popular comedy dramas such as Le Gai Mariage, No Good People, and Return to Hamlet are being prepared so lovers can enjoy special dates. There are also programs for families whod like to go out with their children during warm spring days. The experience-type exhibition RollingBallMuseum is highly recommended. The Comic Music Show Fantastic, which is characterized by powerful percussive rhythms and comic performances by amazing actors, and the program titled Kim Tak Ku, The King of Baking  Pang Show, which offers exciting baking dances and an equally thrilling performance, will also provide great entertainment for parents and children alike. A brunch concert designed to enable housewives to enjoy performances while taking a break after their husbands and children leave for work and school will also be staged. In particular, the 11AM Concert and Saturday Concert of the Arts Center combine the best performances with fun and easy explanations so that even a novice can fully enjoy the brunch performance.Interested persons can apply for the Women Friendly Seat program on the performance/concert category of the Reservation for Public Service  Seoul Metropolitan Government website (http://yeyak.seoul.go.kr/english/main.web) until the end of February. Only women residing in Seoul are eligible, but up to three accompanying family members will also receive the discount. Posters for the Women Friendly Seat Program (March)
Seoul, the home of ten million citizens, has seen a dramatic rise in the number of noise-related complaints and traffic volume, despite the rise in living standards. In order to reduce the number of noise-related complaints, Seoul has carried out a project to make Seoul a quieter place over the last year. The city announced that all noise levels between 0.2dB~1.6dB have been improved in regular regions and roadside regions, and that the number of noise-related complaints has fallen by 2,055 cases in just one year. The city was able to achieve this improvement by implementing various solutions, including the provision of a minimum standard for noise-cancellation material for pre-reported constructions, the compulsory utilization of low-noise construction machinery, the strengthened measurement of noise on construction sites, and so on. The city and the self-governing boroughs also assessed the noise-generation status of each borough, analyzed variation factors, created a noise complaint processing panel and resident monitoring groups for residents of the city, and self-governing boroughs to participate, monitor, and process. The city will gradually convert from traditional human-dependent noise management to scientific noise management using specialized equipment and machines, and will establish mobile noise measuring vehicles and a real-time construction site noise monitoring system in 2012, with the aim of reducing the burden on self-governing boroughs while decreasing the number of noise-related complaints, in an effort to create a calmer, more relaxing living environment for Seouls citizens.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government and the SBA (Seoul Business Agency), an institute which supports small and medium-sized businesses, revealed that Jumbagi: Koreas Dinosaur 3D, which was released on January 26th, attracted 366,523 viewers in its first week and surpassed the first week record of Leafie, A Hen into the Wild(335,859 viewers), the most successful Korean animation to date. Seoul and the SBA invested in Jumbagi: Koreas Dinosaur 3D with money from the cultural contents fund, which they created to promote the animation industry as a new growth engine of the Korean movie industry. The movie has become a word-of-mouth sensation.Jumbagi: Koreas Dinosaur 3D is a theatre animation produced solely with Korean technology including CG characters and 3D technology. Before its launch in Korea, it was pre-sold to 33 countries, hinting at its potential for success. Jumbagi has held its position at the top of the reservation rate list despite the openings of other competitive Korean movies. In addition, around ten types of books published by Woongjin Junior are enjoying strong sales, and diverse movie tie-in products are being prepared including puzzles, toys, cards, and board games.
In celebration of Gyeongchip (the day on which insects emerge from their holes on earth, March 5th), Seoul Zoo has organized a Special Exhibition of Unusual Frogs to usher in feelings of spring for museum-goers. Gyeongchip is one of 24 solar terms, and more specifically the one in which frogs awake from hibernation. It was named Gyeongchip because many creatures begin to emerge from hibernation when the warm weather of spring arrives. The special exhibition, to be held from March 3rd to June 30th, will feature approximately 400 frogs from 25 unusual species, including some 200 frogs (green frogs, golden frogs, etc.) and salamanders from thirteen species that are indigenous to Korea, and another 200 foreign frogs (African bullfrog, budget frog, etc.) and amphibian Axolotls from twelve non-native species.During the exhibition, visitors will be able to observe these unique species of frogs and have their photo taken while holding an African bullfrog. A number of unique events and exhibitions will also be organized, such as making wishes while looking at a bullfrogs feet, in which participants can make wishes for the year to come, a frog ecology photograph exhibition, a crying sound of world frogs exhibition, a slide show, and a comparative exhibition, in which visitors can observe the lifecycle of various species of frogs from egg to tadpole to mature frog.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Seoul Film Commission have selected 100 places that are highly popular as movie and drama shooting locations, and published a book titled The Places in Seoul Cinema Fell in Love With. The book singles out and introduces 100 attractions that showcase the many faces of Seoul and presents rich images associated with them from among the numerous sites that feature frequently in Korean movies and dramas. The book not only offers introductions of the places, but also includes behind the scenes stories from film shoots and information on famous nearby restaurants, public transportation routes, and recommended tour courses. As such, it provides everything dedicated movie buffs and tourists need to know about diverse hotspots famous as shooting locations in the Korean capital in a single volume. The book is differentiated from other tour guide books in that it categorizes these well-known shooting locations for movies and dramas under five main themes, namely, See, Feel, Rest, Enjoy and Take, and introduces them accordingly. It stops short of ranking them, however. All of the 100 locations are introduced with detailed descriptions, as well as information on the movies and dramas filmed at the sites, biographies of the starring actors, and synopses of the films. The book also provides information on different subway and bus routes to help readers reach the shooting locations conveniently via public transport. The book will be published in English and Japanese as well as Korean, and will be distributed free of charge to visitors at the Gwanghwamun Tourist Information Center (Korean, English, and Japanese), and the Seoul Global Center (English and Japanese). It will be also published as an e-book, and will be posted on the Seoul Metropolitan Governments website at (http://ebook.seoul.go.kr).
Seoul Metropolitan Government has selected three Honorary Vice Mayors to represent underprivileged citizens, including the disabled, senior citizens, and youth in a strict review process. The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced its selection of Yang Won-tae (47) as Honorary Vice Mayor for the Disabled, Park Jong-hwa (67) as Honorary Vice Mayor for Senior Citizens, and Kim Yeong-gyeong (31) as Honorary Vice Mayor for Youth from among 79 candidates, including 64 who were recommended through open referral by the public, and 15 by departments of the City Government. The City presented them with letters of appointment on February 13. The City Government conducted a rigorous screening process to select three Honorary Vice-Mayors endowed with a strong sense of commitment, balanced views, and the ability to fairly gather public opinions and accurately communicate public sentiment. The first-round document screening, which was based on proactive recommendations by citizens and resumes that were disclosed by the candidates themselves, focused on a sense of equilibrium to deliver a balanced view on activities and respective fields. The second-round review of interviews was conducted with the focus on determining whether the candidates generally hold critical views on issues in their respective fields, and whether they have the capacity to present their own alternative policy measures. The Honorary Vice-Mayors will attend a regular monthly meeting with the Seoul Mayor, and participate in policy workshops and various events in respective fields. Notably, they will have access to the private email address and mobile phone number of Mayor Park Won Soon, thereby enabling them to freely communicate with him at all times. They can also conduct their duties in a prompt and efficient fashion using a special office space installed at meeting rooms in the City Hall.
The Seoul Volunteer Center is recruiting (until February 19) 4th Global Supporters, or project leaders who will assist with the planning and carrying out of volunteer activities to enable international residents in Seoul to share their skills and talents, as well as providing a volunteer service in foreign languages, by figuring out their desire for volunteer service. The Global Volunteer Group W is composed of Global Supporters, including foreign residents in Korea who are not proficient in Korean, and Korean nationals and foreigners who are proficient in two languages including Korean. By minimizing language barriers, they enable foreigners to participate in volunteer activities throughout the City as they please. Global Supporters can opt to join either an operations team that constructs and operates an English online community of volunteers for foreigners, and plans volunteer activities, or an assistant team that helps foreigners involved in volunteer activities with any communication difficulties. The Global Supporters can remain with the volunteer service to the years end, although the period of service may be extended. In 2011, the Global Volunteer Group W planned and conducted more than ten projects, including mobile multi-culture classes, and served as an ombudsman on the spelling of foreign language signs. A foreign volunteer who participated in the program said, We felt it was very rewarding to switch our status from beneficiaries of others help to that of volunteers who help others, and had a great opportunity to learn more about Korean culture. Citizens who wish to participate in the Global Supporters Group should download the application form at the Volunteer Centers website, and send their email applications to (jooyaya8@gmail.com). For further details, please dial Jin Seon-ju (Cooperation Project Division at +82-2-776-8478. (Photo courtesy: Seoul Volunteer Center)
One Hundred Seeds of Hope (Policy): Citizens Evaluation Results AnnouncedThe results of a survey of the publics response to the One Hundred Seeds of Hope policies implemented during the first 100 days of government led by Park Won Soon, the 35th mayor of the city, have been released by the Seoul Metropolitan Government. The seed of hope to receive the most applause from Seouls citizens was the eased enforcement of parking regulations in front of Mom and Pop diners during lunch breaks (939 votes), followed by the payment guarantee for subcontractors work on construction projects awarded by the Government(823 votes), the development and deployment of mini fire engines exclusive to alleys in Seoul for the first time in Korea(744 votes), the arrival of the (life- and safety-rescue) team 119 on site within five minutes (740 votes), and the implementation of a half-price tuition fee plan at the University of Seoul(393 votes).The survey was conducted online between January 31 and February 3 with the participation of 3,201 citizens, eliciting 20,533 individual expressions of preferences. Judging from the survey results, it is obvious that Seouls citizens are paying attention to all policies that are closely related to their safety and economy. No. 1 Eased Enforcement of Parking Regulations in front of Mom and Pop Diners during Lunch BreaksStarting from November 2011, the City Government eased the enforcement of parking regulations in front of small restaurants along roads with fewer than six lanes during lunch-break hours (11:30~14:00). It would appear that citizens showed the most enthusiastic response to this policy change because they agree whole heartedly with this special concession the city government has made towards self-employed Moms and Pops who run diners. For instance, Mr. Kim, who runs a diner in Dongdaemun, said that his eatery had actually seen an increase in revenue thanks to the relaxation of parking regulations during lunch breaks. The second most popular policy was the establishment of a system to guarantee payments to subcontractors working on construction projects awarded by the city. People who had previously experienced pay delays at construction sites seem to have given this policy a high rating. The next most popular policies were the development and deployment of mini fire engines exclusive to alleys in Seoul for the first time in Korea and the arrival of life and safety rescue team 119 on site within five minutes. The results mirror citizens hopes of avoiding fires and accidents in their daily lives and seeing a rescue team arrive quickly when needed. The implementation of a half-price tuition fee plan at the University of Seoul was hot news for some time as it was the first bold move in Korea to cut back on college tuition fees, a source of financial agony for many students and their parents. The policy is now having an impact on other schools throughout the country. Other popular policies figuring outside the top five included the (1) expansion of a free environmentally-friendly school lunch policy to the first year of middle school(323 votes) (2) designation of 1,910 outdoor city parks as smoke-free environments (306 votes) (3) implementation of a one-strike-and-youre-out (immediate discharge) policy for administrators of facilities for the disabled(300 votes) (4) alleviation of the childcare burden with the establishment of national/public child day care centers at the rate of one childcare place for every two apartment buildings(286 votes) and (5) billing actual local tax amounts due, excluding tax refunds not claimed by citizens(285 votes). A Total of 72 Policy Ideas ReceivedConcurrently with the survey, the city government held an online policy idea contest. Of the seventy-two ideas proposed, fifteen concerned womens issues, welfare and health(20.8%) fourteen concerned transport and safety(19.4%) ten addressed citizen participation(13.9%) ten related to housing and the environment(13.9%) eight concerned education and culture(11.1%) seven focused on the economy(9.7%) and eight touched on other topics. Of the ideas submitted, the one which received the most recommendation clicks online was the installation of a warning panel about bus speeds (ID: bartlet7). Within the citys boundary, the speed limit is generally 60km per hour. However, bus passengers often get upset about speeding or reckless driving on the part of the bus driver. The idea here is to install a warning panel in front of a bus driver which signals appropriate, fast or speeding depending on the buss speed at any given time. A verbal announcement could be a good substitute, and the three-stage signals could be conveyed either as texts or symbols. Whichever method is chosen, the idea is to give bus drivers a warning in advance. The next most popular idea was a solution to increased transport fares (ID: keoload). The Metropolitan Subway in Seoul is said to be one of the four most well-organized underground transport systems in the world. The proposed idea is to change the mission of bus transport in town by having it focus on routes that are not covered by the subway, like the system used in Japan. In that way Seoul could reduce its bus traffic while boosting its subway operation. The bottom line is that bus companies could expect to reduce or eliminate their accumulated operating losses by concentrating their bus operations. A reduced bus service in central Seoul would help ease traffic congestion in the city. Due to an increased occupancy rate in its cars, the subway could finally improve its financial status. As some of the survey respondents expressed useful opinions in their comments on the 100 seeds of hope policies, the city will do its best to reflect them in its future policy implementation. Meanwhile, the new policy ideas kindly submitted by citizens on a different occasion will be carefully reviewed and considered for implementation. The details of the seeds of hope policies, the online citizen evaluation, and the resulting policy ideas will be compiled in an e-book and posted on the city website, http://ebook.seoul.go.kr. 
Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to hold training sessions this year for 57 civil servants invited from 50 cities around the world. In 2011, the city government invited 34 civil servants from 26 cities in other countries to special training sessions known as the City Administration Learning Sessions for International Urban Civil Servants, with the aim of promoting exchanges between international cities and sharing the experience Seoul has accumulated in the implementation of city administration services. Seoul expanded the invitation list for the 2012 event to include not only its sister cities around the world but also a number of new, strategic cities in Asia.The first learning session for public servants from eight Asian strategic cities  including Singapore, New Delhi, Osaka, Istanbul and Hong Kong  will take place in May, to be followed by a second one in October for civil servants from Seouls sister cities, and a final one in early November for functionaries from strategic cities in China.The training sessions will be focused on tourism, public transportation, the environment and other areas where Seoul has achieved outstanding results and which other cities are greatly interested in. The sessions are expected to equip the participants with substantial knowledge and know-how for the development of their home cities. The civil servants participating in the event will also be given an opportunity to introduce the administrative policies of their home city, exchange ideas and the latest information with the other participants, and work together to find solutions which will help their cities grow into global leaders in the city administration services sector.The training sessions will include tours to Seouls resource recovery facilities, the Cheong Gye Cheon Museum, TOPIS, Namsan Hanok Village and other facilities that represent some of Seouls most attractive aspects, including the harmony between traditional heritage and modern technology, and the successful efforts to turn the national capital into a Clean City.Since Seoul launched the program in 2001 it has offered 16 sessions to 179 civil servants from 48 cities, thereafter expanding it to Chinese cities in 2008 and to other Asian strategic cities in 2010.
In late October 2011, Seoul Metropolitan Government created an official account (http://www.linkedin.com/company/invest-seoul) on the business social network service Linkedin to promote investment in Seoul. The city conducts marketing through this establishment of 1:1 communication for global potential investors.Linkedin is the largest business social network service in the world, with over 120 million users from around 200 countries and more than 2 million accounts from registered companies and institutes. Approximately 50% of its members are of managerial level or above (CEO 7%), with an average educational profile of college level or above, and an average annual salary of $107,000. With the full utilization of Linkedin, which is specialized for business, Seoul Metropolitan Government has established a potential investor network for members who might be interested in investing in Seoul, and responds to their inquiries and questions about Seoul through bidirectional communication. In the two months since opening the account, there have been 57 inquiries from potential investors through Linkedin, most of which were related to Seoul projects. In particular, investors were largely interested in the IFC Seoul and Digital Media City projects. In addition to Seoul investment invitation projects, there have been business inquiries related to Seoul investment invitation, the existence of certain investment invitation projects inside Seoul, investment procedures, and the related laws. Other inquiries mainly concerned such issues as Seouls living environment and employment situation. There was also a case in which a foreign company requested support for the recruitment of local Korean workers. Meanwhile, Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to analyze the direct contact with those interested in investment using SNS and utilize the results to provide customized information to investors and more general information on investment invitation.
To celebrate 2012, the Year of the Black Dragon, Seoul Metropolitan Government is introducing Jamsugyo and Cheonhodaegyo, both of which were born in dragon years on the Hangang. Jamsugyo, which was completed on July 15th 1976, was built using a method unlike that used to build other bridges. Although most Hangang bridges are built some 16~20m above the water level, Jamsugyo is located a mere 2.7m above the water, the shortest drop to the river of any bridge in Seoul, giving pedestrians who cross it the feeling they are walking on water. Another charm of Jamsugyo is its arcuate shape, which makes it look like the skys pulling the center of the bridge, to allow the passage of cruise boats and rescue ships. Standing at this point allows people to see the pleasure cruisers close up and experience ships passing right below their feet. In recent years Jamsugyo has become a renowned attraction among Seouls citizens because Banpodaegyo, which is stacked directly on top of Jamsugyo in a two-tiered arrangement, sprays jets of water which give the impression of a rainbow-colored waterfall cascading from Jamsugyo. This Moonlight Rainbow Fountain is a famous attraction thats also registered in the Guinness Book of Records for being the longest bridge fountain in the world. The huge jets of water produce shapes resembling willow leaves and branches. At night, music and lighting combine to produce an extravagant nighttime view. As Jamsugyo is submerged beneath the Hangang whenever the water level exceeds 6.5m, pedestrians are prohibited from using the bridge when the water level exceeds 5.5m, while vehicles are prohibited at 6.2m. Cheonhodaegyo was built to replace Gwangjingyo, which had become obsolete. Now, its the gateway to eastern Seoul, connecting the outer region with downtown Seoul. When discussing Cheonghodaegyo, one shouldnt forget the excellent nighttime view of Seoul it affords. Theres also Gwangjingyo 8(pal)-ga to the east and the Olympic-daegyo to the west, where the beautiful Olympic torch can be seen pointing up to the sky. Moreover, Cheonhodaegyo is close to Gwangnaru Hangang Park (GodeokAmsa Ecological Park), a seasonal habitat for various species of migratory including mallards, Korean buzzards, and kestrels. In addition to its primary function of easing the flow of traffic, Cheonghodaegyo enhances the nighttime vista of Seoul with its subtle lighting and harmony with the Hangang.
As the success of K-pop and Korean TV dramas in todays international markets begins to attract international fans to the unique beauty and highly developed fashion sense of Seoul women, the latest beauty and style tips and information on Seouls fashion trends are sent via SNS to all everyone who wants them. The Seoul Metropolitan Government recently announced its special competitive event for K-pop and Korean drama fans around the world who are interested in sharing their fashion and beauty tips through the citys official Japanese language website and SNS. The Seoul Trendy Life Style  Beauty & Fashion event is currently taking place for ten days from February 1 to 10, 2012.Participants in the event are required to upload to their own SNS one or more pictures or videos capturing their particular look, which should feature Korean brand beauty products and creative fashion style, and to submit their URL to the event page of Seouls official website. Participants in Europe, North America and South-East Asia are required to use Facebook (http://www.facebook.com/hiseoul), while Japanese participants must use the Seoul Metropolitan Governments website (http://japanese.seoul.go.kr) and Chinese participants the Sina Weibo (http://www.weibo.com/seoulblogger).The event will produce six winners who will be offered a rare opportunity to enjoy Seouls latest makeup and styling trends, and attend a private party and performance featuring some of the top hallyu (Korean Wave) stars. The winners will also be offered a fabulous opportunity to turn themselves into the citys leading fashionistas and share their dramatic transformation with the rest of the world in real time via photos and SNS.In the recent announcement, the Seoul Metropolitan Government also said that it would grant fashion-minded men and women all around the world better access to Seouls latest fashion and beauty trends, in a bid to attract them to the city to experience the Seoul fashion craze in a more direct manner.Seoul expects this event will give extra impetus to its effort to offer the citys many global fans the latest information on its vibrant lifestyle and considerable charms, and thereby direct their interest to the citys many other cultural contents including food and entertainment.
Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon introduced and announced to the public a new smart type schedule management system designed to enable him to efficiently manage his busy schedule within the limited available time on January 31. Mayor Park plans to efficiently manage his schedule, which is preplanned down to the last minute, without wasting just like implementing the Seoul Metropolitan Governments budget in this era of time management tech. Judging that he needs to manage his schedule more efficiently in light of the timetable he has followed over the 100 days since his inauguration, Park is introducing the so-called schedule management by theme and day of the week, which will allow him to increase the intensity and focus of his work by bundling duties of a similar nature together on a particular day of each week. The new system of schedule management by theme and day of the week will also enable citizens to find out what he is doing on any particular day of the week. Mayor Parks work diary shows that he is scheduled to carry out routine mayoral duties on Mondays and Thursdays. Thus one can envision a situation wherein Mayor Park is briefed about various pending issues and holds talks with professionals in the respective fields on these days. Members of the public can meet the mayor at field sites on Tuesdays. Placing site visits and communication at the core of his city administration philosophy, Mayor Park plans to meet with citizens mainly through hearing tours composed of onsite visits and hearing and planning workshops. Wednesdays are designated as Won Day or Won Soons Day, or the day of the week when he can conduct his activities as he pleases. Each Wednesday, Mayor Park will set his schedule himself. He will set his schedule according to various activities such as meeting with people he needs to implement city administration, inspecting sites, holding discussions, and mulling over ideas and plans for the city administration. Fridays are designated as days of thinking and discussion, when he will think deeply and discuss issues extensively. In other words, he will hold in-depth discussions and engage in dialogue with the chiefs of the City Governments various divisions and experts in the Citys core policies, including welfare, jobs, and city planning. With the mayors introduction of schedule management by theme and day of the week, the Seoul Metropolitan Government can now expect enhanced predictability of work, make prompt and timely decisions, and coordinate, manage in advance, and concentrate on pending issues by theme. This has been made possible thanks to some serious thinking about a new method of managing the mayors tight schedule, enabling him to manage his time more efficiently.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is holding the January Full Moon festival at the Bukchon Traditional Culture Center in Gye-dong, Jongno-gu on the occasion of January Full Moon Day, a traditional Korean holiday, at 10 am on February 4. The event, to which Bukchon locals and the general public are invited, will feature numerous things to see and enjoy, including performances and events designed to allow visitors to make a wish for the New Year and experience Koreas seasonal customs. Major events include jisin balgi (a parade in which participants step on the God of the Earth) and a gugak (traditional Korean music) performance designed to enable people to wish for national peace and prosperity and a good harvest. Diverse customs and events will also be staged, including a Bokjori (Bamboo Strainer) Making experience, a Kite Making Experience, a Drinking Liquor for Good Hearing experience, and a seasonal customs experience for family members, where visitors can make wishes and hope for good luck in this Year of the Dragon. Festival goers will also have an opportunity to participate in Bokjori Making, a traditional custom in which villagers distribute bokjori to every single household in a collective wish for great luck in the New Year. They can also take part in the Drinking Liquor for Good Hearing event, a tradition based on the idea that if you drink cold liquor on January Full Moon Day, you will feel spiritually clear, remain free from ear disease, and only hear good news throughout the year. The festival will also feature a food sharing event, based on the traditional notion that if you thoroughly wash, boil and eat bureom, yakbap (medicinal rice) and ogokbap (boiled rice with five grains) with wild vegetables dried under the sun, including bracken, mushrooms, dried cucumber, pumpkins, eggplant peels, and radish stems and leaves, you will stay healthy and feel cool during hot summer days. This event is intended to promote a harmonious and cheerful atmosphere in the village. As such, participants will have a chance to enjoy a prosperous and enjoyable Bukchon Festival. Inquiries: Seoul Metropolitan Governments Bukchon Traditional Culture Center T. +82-2-3707-8388, 8270Website: http://bukchon.seoul.go.kr
