Until June 30, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will receive recommendations of candidates for foreign honorary citizens of Seoul, and will select ten people who have set an outstanding example for Seoulites and foreign residents of the City. Foreign Honorary Citizenship will be awarded to foreign residents who have made major contributions to the development of the citys administration or set an outstanding example for Seouls citizens and foreign residents (on condition that they have lived in the City for three consecutive years or more than five years in total). It will also be awarded to foreign heads of state and chief executives of governments who visit the capital city, and diplomats. So far, 649 foreigners from 91 countries have been honored as Foreign Honorary Citizens of Seoul, including 171 Americans, 41 Japanese, 30 Chinese, 31 Germans, and 24 Britons. Famous foreigners who have received foreign honorary citizenship include Vitaly Ignatenko, director general of the ITAR TASS News Agency (2010) Suzanne Scholte, chief of the Defense Forum Foundation (2008) Hines Ward, American footballer (2006) Guus Hiddink, the football coach who led the Korean soccer team to the semifinals of the 2002 World Cup Korea-Japan (2002) and actor Jackie Chan (1999). Those selected as Seoul Foreign Honorary Citizens are not only invited to various events hosted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, but also have the opportunity to proactively participate in city administrations through appointments as members of city administration committees, including the Seoul Town Meeting. They are also admitted to various facilities, including the Seoul Metropolitan Museum of Art, the Seoul Museum of History, and Seoul Grand Park, free of charge. Notably, the City Government plans to proactively support the honorary citizens community and to help them participate in the city administration, thereby enhancing their pride and sense of ownership as honorary citizens. The City Government expects that the selection of foreign honorary citizens will help to globalize Seoul, elevate its status as an advanced city, and promote international exchange and cooperation. After receiving applications recommending candidates from public organizations, social organizations with ten or more members, or by groups composed of ten or more individuals (deadline: June 30), the City Government will review the candidates contributions in July and choose the finalists in August, before conferring honorary citizenship on the selected candidates on October 28. For further information, please visit the Seoul Friendly Club Website (http://ilove.seoul.go.kr)
Seoul Fortress, whose walls extended for 18 kilometers, was constructed by King Taejo of the Joseon Dynasty to protect the capitals citizens. However, most of the walls were lost to a large extent, and will be reconstructed without any gaps in 2014. The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced on May 18 that it will link the 5.127km section, which was difficult to restore due to the surrounding roads and houses, from June, and will restore the entire Seoul Fortress by 2014, in a project to be implemented in conjunction with the reconstruction of a 13.5km section of the fortress that is already under way. The project will consist in reconstructing entire sections of the original fortress walls from scratch, based on geographical markers for guiding the direction of the fortress. In so doing, the City Government plans to transform Seoul into the worlds only fortress city. Once the fortress has been fully reconstructed, the City Government will develop tour courses to enable visitors to appreciate the history and tradition of the Korean capital, and transform them into tourist hotspots. If Seoul is reconstructed as the worlds only fortress city by 2014 by this project, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will aim to register the restored historical structure as UNESCOs World Heritage in 2015. The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to develop diverse tour courses by integrating sections of Seoul Fortress, including the sections of wall on the four inner mountains (namely Bugaksan, Naksan, Namsan, and Inwangsan), and the four main gates (Sungnyemun, Sukcheongmun, Heunginmun, and Donuimun) with the hotspots and attractions around them. Furthermore, it plans to strengthen diverse cultural contents using the fortress sections, and thereby provide domestic and foreign tourists with an opportunity to fully enjoy Seoul Fortress. The City Government expects that, once Seoul Fortress and its traveling paths have been linked with each other to allow visitors to explore it in its entirety and to experience an important feature of Seouls 600-year history, while maintaining the existing roads, they will significantly strengthen history, culture, education, and tourism in Seoul, where past and present co-exist harmoniously.
In September, Seoul Metropolitan Government will open three artificial floating islands currently being built under the concept of Flowers of the Hangang at Banpo Hangang Park, starting with the opening of public observation spaces on May 21.The Floating Islands consists of three islands built with cutting-edge IT technology, and will be the worlds largest artificial island covering 20,382in total area once it is complete. It is equipped with water leisure, performance, exhibition and convention facilities.The small- and medium-sized convention spaces are equipped with 1,400 seats, and will play a pivotal role in Seouls tourism and MICE industrial infrastructure. Also, visitors can enjoy facilities up to par with high-end hotels and resorts at much affordable prices. The compatible prices will make Floating Islands an internationally renowned convention complex built over water, which will enhance their competitiveness as the worlds first floating convention facilities. The good news for Seoul citizens is that fifty-four percent of the picturesque island is open to the public free of charge. Seoul Metropolitan Government has thoroughly prepared for potential safety and environmental issues from the planning stage, including building anchors and a triple-safety mooring system, in consideration of heavy rains. Event Date : May 21(Sat.), 2011, 17:00~19:30Venue : Media Art Gallery at Banpo Hangang ParkMajor Programs Seoul Metropolitan Dance Theatre Swan Lake Congratulatory performance by the Ocean Childrens Choir Tape-cutting Ceremony for the Opening of the Observatory of Floating Island Congratulatory performance : Performing teams (Drum Cat/Beast/Sani)*The performing teams may vary depending on the circumstances of the organizer.Map
The 1830 Hand-washing Experience Festival will be held at the main gate to Seoul Grand Park from 10 am to 5 pm from May 17 to 21. The event will be hosted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and organized by the Korea Consumer Education Center. The event has been organized by expanding the Mini Seasonal Experience Corner conducted in 2009 and 2010 into a family-oriented festival which parents and children can enjoy together. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has been carrying out the nations first hand-washing event (in which participants are required to wash their hands for over 30 seconds, eight times a day) since 2004 in a drive to protect citizens health. In 2007, the City Government entrusted the 1830 campaign to the Korea Consumer Education Center, a consumer advocacy group, which has been orchestrating hand-washing activities at diverse venues, including childcare centers, elementary schools, subways and event sites. For the festival, view boxes will be installed so participants can compare germ counts before and after washing and view paneled photos of germs cultured under different conditions, allowing them to learn all about germ counts, etc. Participants can also learn about and receive advice on how to correct their own hand-washing practices. The 1830 Hand-washing Festival has been organized for the Family Month of May to allow family members to learn about the campaign while having fun together.
The Seoul Global Center announced its intention to expand its counseling service for foreigners to include professional counseling on industrial accidents. Accordingly, the center will provide a professional counseling service on industrial accidents once a week from 2 pm to 5 pm every Tuesday, beginning on May 17. The new professional counseling service on industrial accidents will be provided in seven languages, namely English, Chinese, Japanese, Mongolian, Vietnamese, Tagalog and Russian.The Seoul Metropolitan Government stated that both the number of industrial accidents and that of compensation cases have increased in line with the increasing number of migrant workers. However, the City said that many migrant workers fail to proactively seek resolution of their problems because they do not know which organizations to turn to for help, lack communication ability or legal knowledge, or are unregistered with the authorities. To address these problems, the City has expanded its professional counseling service on industrial accidents. The number of people involved in industrial accidents amounted to 98,645 in 2010, of whom 5,599, or 5.7 percent, were foreign migrant workers, reflecting the rising trend of accidents involving such workers. Meanwhile, the Seoul Global Center offers not only general counseling but also professional services provided by lawyers, certified public labor attorneys, certified realty agents, and licensed tax accountants to help foreigners facing legal difficulties.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will launch the Smart Seoul Map, the Citys representative mobile map, as a smartphone app service, on May 16. Smart Seoul Map is a specialized mobile service consisting of 124 basic maps and 782 types of POI (Points of Interest), which are managed based on a figurative map with a scale of 1/1,000. Unlike existing commercial map services, the Smart Seoul Map app presents detailed map data, including alleys and the small buildings by integrated search. By geocoding the address information of administrative data managed by government agencies, the map allows the users to check their respective locations on the map. Additionally, the map provides eight theme maps, including safe foods, personal service fee information, street addresses, address numbers, and bike paths. By geocoding, which converts address data into coordinates, the map enables users to pinpoint the locations of administrative facilities of the Seoul Metropolitan Government on the map using the integrated search. With its theme map menu, the map provides a map service comprising eight kinds of living-related contents including safe foods, eco and culture roads, bike paths, personal service fees, parking lots, new addresses, public restrooms, and address numbers. Smart Seoul Map can be used via iPhones (ios 4.0 or higher version) and Android phones (Android OS 2.1). The map is downloadable at the iPhone App Store and the Android Market from May 16. It will also be available for downloading at three Korean app stores from June 1.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government organized various events, celebrating the 39th Coming of Age ceremony on May 16. The events were held to commemorate young peoples entry into adulthood, and to allow citizens and foreign tourists to celebrate together. The Coming of Age Day is a day for celebrating young peoples official entry into society as mature and proud grownups. Some 138,898 people, born in 1992 in Seoul City and due to turn 19 this year, will receive congratulations.The Coming of Age Day celebrations were held from 10:30 am to 1 pm on May 16. The event consisted of a Coming of Age Day ceremony in Part 1, and a traditional Coming of Age ritual in Part 2. Notably, of the 100 or so people participating in the event, over 20 foreigners studying or living in Seoul and who became adults this year participated in the event, thereby gaining direct experience of a venerable Korean tradition.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will launch a free Oriental medical checkup service in collaboration with the Korean Medicine Service Team Abroad (KOMSTA), starting with mobile medical counseling in Mongolia Town, Gwanghui-dong, May 15. KOMSTA is a non-profit organization registered with the Ministry of Health and Welfare. Starting with a medical volunteer service in Nepal in 1993, the organization has since conducted overseas medical volunteer services on as many as 101 occasions. To provide the Oriental Medical Counseling service, over ten Oriental medical doctors and nurses will visit areas with substantial immigrant populations, offer medical checkups and therapies, including acupuncture and moxibustion, conduct various medical diagnoses, and provide medicines. The Seoul Metropolitan Government said the number of foreigners living in Korea has continued to rise in recent years, but medical insurance, medical examination and diagnostic systems for foreigners have been lacking. Hence, the City Government has expanded the medical service for foreigners to include Oriental medicine on top of the Western medicines that are provided through public health centers from last April. For more information on the Oriental Medical Service, please call Seoul Global Center (+82-2-2075-4180)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government deployed eight tour interpretation guides (four for Japanese, two for Chinese, and two for English) and launched a tourism guidance service in the Bukcheon area from April 15 to meet the growing demand for tour guidance there. Eight tour interpretation guides deployed in pairs take turns to provide a tourism guidance service covering Bukchons major sites, including the entrance to Gahoe-dong Bukchon, the Seoul Museum of Chicken Art, the Five Views of Bukchon, and Jeongdok Public Library, from 10 am to 7 pm on weekdays. As of this month, they have assisted a daily average of 320 tourists on weekdays and up to 500 tourists on weekends in the month since the launch, drawing a highly positive response from foreign visitors to Bukchon. An analysis of tour guidance trends by the Mobile Tourist Information Center indicated that 46 percent of foreign visitors to Bukchon are Japanese and 29 percent are Chinese. Notably, a large number of foreigners also tour Bukchon individually usually by referring to tourism guidebooks and maps, on top of the foreign tourist groups accompanied by professional tour guides. The Bukchon Mobile Tourist Information Center aims to effectively introduce to tourists the hidden charms of every single alley in Bukchon, which are not included in tourist guides, as well as the major tourism hotspots there, so as to spread Bukchons true beauty to the world. The Seoul Metropolitan Government operates eight Mobile Tourist Information Centers at major tourist attractions across the City, including the newly launched Bukchon Mobile Tourist Information Center.
An event in which cartoonists draw caricatures for citizens at five hotspots in Seoul every weekend is enjoying growing popularity. The Mobile Caricature Drawing for Citizens program has enabled more than 2,000 Koreans and foreign nationals to be caricatured during the month of April, receiving a highly positive response from participants. As such, the program is emerging as a representative cultural experience of the Korean capital. Since April, the caricature drawing event has taken place from 1 ~ 6 pm on Saturdays and Sundays at major hotspots in Seoul, including Gwanghwamun Square, the citys flagship square Dream Forest, the representative park of northern Seoul Seonyudo Park, Koreas first recycling eco-park the J-Bug, a popular attraction at Ttukseom Hangang Park and the Seoul Animation Center at Namsan, a hub of comics and animation. Encouraged by its immense popularity, the City Government aims to expand the program to provide more people with opportunities to experience the novelty of caricatures by holding the event at the Dongdaemun History and Culture Park, an emerging hotspot of Seoul, starting in the Family Month of May. For further information on the program, please contact the Seoul Metropolitan Governments Culture and Design Industries Division (+82-2-2171-2438), or the Seoul Animation Center (+82-2-3455-8318)
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon announced the blueprint for its 2020 Seoul, Smart Economic City initiative on May 12. 2020 Seoul, Smart Economic City consists of a mid-to-long-term vision and strategy designed to enable Seouls economy to continue growing in tune with global industrial trends based on a diagnosis of the current situation of the regional economy. 2020 Seoul, Smart Economic City was conceived from a mid-to-long-term perspective based on advice given by the Seoul Economic Vision 2020 Advisory Group, which is composed of 113 experts drawn from academia, industry, city council members, and central government officials, and on policy consultations with the central government and other bodies. Under the 2020 Seoul, Smart Economic City program, the Seoul Metropolitan Government aims to increase Seoul citizens per-capita GRDP from the current $23,000 to around $40,000 by 2020, by investing a total of 6.2366 trillion won. Accordingly, the City Government has decided to mobilize all the available policy resources in the areas of infrastructure, R&D, cultivation of human resources, capital and marketing. Mayor Oh said, Korea achieved the Miracle of the Hangang in the 1960s and 1970s, and the Miracle of Information Technology in the 1980s and 1990s. Our future will see the Miracle of the Seoul Economy, adding, The City Government will do its best to establish Seoul as a world-class leading city of economy where all its citizens feel happy, and will earn global recognition by realizing the goals of the 2020 Seoul, Smart Economic City program.
The 2011 Seoul International Triathlon Competition will take place at Yeouido Hangang Park and in the Yeouido area from 7 am on May 15. The Seoul International Triathlon, celebrating its fourth edition since the first competition in 2008, will bring together 121 elite athletes from 23 countries, as well as hundreds of amateurs and junior men and women, to engage in an intense competition this year. The elite athletes will swim across the Hangang (1.5km), cycle from Yeouido Hangang Park along urban streets around Yeouido for 40km, return to Yeouido Hangang Park, and run a 10-km course to conclude their challenging journey. The Olympic distance triathlon comprises three events: swimming (1.5 km), cycling (40 km), and running (10 km). As a representative, eco-friendly sports event suitable for advanced countries, triathlons are generally staged in areas with well organized streets and surroundings as well as clean water and fresh air. The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to use the event to promote the Hangang  which, under the Hangang Renaissance Project, has been transformed into a highly attractive leisure and relaxation area for the general public  to people around the world in a bid to attract more foreign tourists. Meanwhile, the event for amateurs and club members will involve 504 competitors, including actor Song Il-gook, who will test their physical limits.
The Hi Seoul Festival 2011, a nonverbal performing arts festival created by Seoulites and enjoyed by people from all around the world, came to a great finale on May 10 after a six-day run. According to the Seoul Metropolitan Government, some 1.78 million people (estimated) visited Yeouido Hangang Park and the various downtown parks (Seoul Plaza, Cheonggye Plaza, and Gwanghwamun Square) where the Hi Seoul Festival 2011 was staged over six days. The Hi Seoul Festival 2011 was again centered on nonverbal performances, just as it was last year. However, this years was a more practical and successful festival, combining all the fun and excitement of a festival, effectively living up to its reputation as Seouls flagship festival. The Hi Seoul Festival 2011 was especially notable for the participation of numerous Seoul residents. The event was held as a good festival, moving up a level from a festival intended merely for enjoyment to one that promotes environmental issues and sharing with the underprivileged. At Rainbow Drops, the main performance of this years festival, fifty courageous citizens, having undergone a three-day workshop in advance after being specially selected, displayed glaring performance at 30 meters midair against a backdrop of fireworks during the grand finale of the festival. In addition, various below experience programs and citizens participatory programs were run during the festival to create the festival in collaboration with members of the audience.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the Namsan Million-Person Walking Festival at Namsan Fountain Plaza at 10 am on May 14. The event is open to anyone, including Seoul citizens, foreigners, and members of multicultural families, walking clubs, and companies and organizations. The Namsan Million-Person Walking Festival, Seouls representative walking competition, has been held successfully since 2009, with the participation of Seoul citizens. More than 7,000 people took part in the April event, where they were able to enjoy the beautiful spirit of spring. The event consists of a 7.7-km-long full course, in which the participants will depart from Namsan Fountain Plaza, pass by Palgak Parking Lot, the National Theater of Korea, and the Seoul City Hall Namsan Annex and then return to Fountain Plaza and a short 3.0-km course for the disabled, young and elderly, in which participants depart from the Fountain Plaza and head for the Seoul City Hall Namsan Annex before coming back to the plaza (northern path). Anyone can take part in the event. The full 7.5-km course takes about two hours to finish when walking at an ordinary pace, while the short course takes about 40 minutes. The participants will be joined by marathoner Hwang Young-cho, the gold medalist in the 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona and goodwill ambassador of the Walking Festival, along with the winners of the 2010 Miss Korea beauty contest. The participants will be able to take commemorative photos with the celebrities. To participate in the Walking Festival, sign up via the event website (www.seoulwalking.or.kr). For further inquiries, please visit the website or dial the events secretariat at +82-2-522-5446~8.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government conducted a Seoul Culture Experience for over 80 contestants of the Miss Global Beauty Queen (MGBQ) from more than 50 countries, who visited Seoul to attend the 2011 MGBQ event on May 8. The event participants had an opportunity to appreciate the Joseons elegant royal culture at Gyeongbokgung Palace, Seouls representative royal palace with a 600-year history, on May 8. They also experienced the traditional living culture of the Korean people at the National Folk Museum of Korea.The participants also visited Insa-dong, where tradition and modern culture co-exist, and went on a riverboat cruise on the Hangang, a major landmark of the Korean capital. As the final leg of their cultural experience event, they also enjoyed the harmony of Seouls modern images and nature in N Seoul Tower, one of the citys hottest attractions. Marking its 24th anniversary this year, the MGBQ is a beauty contest boasting a time-honored tradition and dignity. The final competition of the Seoul event took place at Seoul Plaza at 6 pm on May 10.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government inaugurated a new Butterfly Garden (covering 477 sq meters) for visitors to the park on May 10 at an unused site by the Insect Botanical Garden in Seoul Forest. The Butterfly Garden provides a habitat for 1,500 butterflies of Koreas five representative species of butterfly, including the alpine black swallowtail butterfly, a species protected by the City, the swallowtail, the yellow swallowtail butterfly, and the cabbage butterfly. They spend their entire lifespan, from hatching to growth and then metamorphosis into butterflies, in the park. Observation booths have been installed in a corner of the garden to allow visitors to observe the fascinating process of metamorphosis from pupae into butterflies, as well as the drying of their wings. Following the inauguration of the Butterfly Garden, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold a two-hour butterfly experience program for elementary students from 2 pm every Saturday and Sunday beginning on May 14. Participants will be awarded butterfly caterpillars and kale flower pots, so that they can raise butterflies by themselves at home. The entry fee is 7,000 won per person. Applications for participation in the program should be submitted to the Seoul Forest Homepage at (parks.seoul.go.kr/seoulforest).
Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corp. is preparing to hold the Fifth Citizens Cheonggyecheon Photo Contest under the theme of Beautiful Cheonggyecheon of Today, and will receive submissions until May 18. Anyone who is interested is invited to submit three photographs (3 megabytes or larger) depicting Cheonggyecheons four seasons to www.imagetong.kr.A panel of judges including photography experts will review the submissions. The contest will award a combined total of 5 million won in prize money to 35 winners, including 1 million won to winner of the Gold Prize. For further inquiries, please contact +82-2-2290- 6802~7. The winners will be announced through the corporations website on May 27. The winning photos will be exhibited at Cheonggyecheon Gwanggyo Gallery from June 27 to July 10. Past prize winners (Gold Prize) 
Foreign Residents Satisfaction about Seoul Life Increases for 2 Consecutive Years The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the results of a survey of foreigners satisfaction with life in Seoul in main five fields, namely transportation, education, the residential environment, medical services and the cultural environment, on May 2. The survey, which was conducted on 900 foreigners who have lived in Seoul for three months or longer, revealed a satisfaction score of 3.81 out of a possible 5 points (3.59 in 2008, 3.78 in 2009), showing a rise for the second consecutive year. The City Government also announced the Implementation Plan for the 2011 Campaign to Make Foreigners Happy Too, in a bid to increase the quality of life for foreign residents of the City to a similar level to that of Korean nationals. According to the survey, foreign residents showed the highest level of satisfaction with the transportation environment (4.03 points), while their level of satisfaction with the educational environment rose the most, up from 3.66 points in 2009 to 3.78 points. Based on the results of the survey, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has launched the Implementation Plan for the 2011 Campaign to Make Foreigners Happy Too in order to identify and address inconveniences in daily living faced by foreigners, and to create an incontestably global city. Under the plan, which comprises 35 global projects in three areas, the City Government will focus on expanding the global infrastructure and enhancing its services for foreign residents expanding living assistance to support their settlement in Seoul and implementing a social integration policy geared towards communication and exchange with diverse cultures. First, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will construct a building exclusively for foreigners, comprising 15 stories and four underground levels, in Seorin-dong, Jongno-gu in the heart of Seoul, and expand the Seoul Global Center currently in operation on the third floor of the Korea Press Center. To enable foreigners to easily identify and locate the 17 foreigner assistance facilities situated throughout Seoul, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to develop a city identification system and implement it consistently . The City Government will also significantly expand the range of educational facilities for foreigners. Having opened a branch of Dulwich College in Banpo last September, the City now plans to open a branch of the Dwight School, a famed private school based in the U.S., in the Sangam-dong DMC next year. Notably, the City plans to provide extensive educational assistance for children and families from non-OECD countries, who are relatively underprivileged. As some foreign mothers lack Korean language schools and cannot read students school correspondence, and also experience difficulties in giving their children guidance on school issues, the City conducted an informational session on school entrance last March, which received a highly positive response. The City will also offer mobile Korean language classes to allow both mothers and their children to learn together. The City also plans to step up its efforts to improve matters in the medical service and housing fields, where foreigners have shown relatively lower levels of satisfaction. In order to increase the number of residential spaces for foreigners, the City is constructing 178 rental apartments in the Umyeon district, which are slated for completion in 2012. To help ease inconvenience in housing transactions, the City also plans to increase the number of Global Real Estate Agencies offering foreign language counseling from 138 to 160. Meanwhile, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will finalize the Phase 1 Basic Plan on Global City Development by the end of this year, and will seek to devise a Five-Year Phase 2 Basic Plan on Global City Development from next year.
In the hit TV drama Boys Over Flowers, the character Yoon Ji-hoo (played by actor Kim Hyun-joong) ends up confessing his love to Geum Jan-di (played by actress Ku Hye-sun) at the Moonlight Rainbow Fountains in Banpo Hangang Park. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will organize a Love Declaration event and receive advance applications from May 2. Applicants will be able to declare their love at the Moonlight Rainbow Fountains and at the On-water Fountains on the Yeouido Floating Stage from May 7. A total of 61 Hangang Park Love Declaration events were held at the Moonlight Rainbow Fountains in Banpo Hangang Park from October 9 to November 14 (37 days) last year. Last year, a Korean woman living in France and her family visited the Moonlight Rainbow Fountain to hold a traditional Korean wedding ceremony there with her French partner, enabling the couple to enjoy the most romantic and memorable moment of their life. Also, a parent held a highly emotional commemorative event at the fountains to celebrate the 1000th day after the childs birth and pray for its health. The Moonlight Rainbow Fountains at Banpo Hangang Park, a favorite hotspot on the Hangang, are the worlds longest fountains installed on the bridge and have been registered as a Guinness World Record. With water spayed from 380 nozzles along the Banpodaegyo, the fountains generate fantastic views of dance in tune with the streaming music. The Love Declaration event at the Moonlight Rainbow Fountains provides couples and families with an opportunity to deliver a message of love, which they could not afford to deliver in ordinary times, through customized displays of musical fountains.The Floating Stage at Yeouido Hangang Park is a waterfront cultural performance facility that has been constructed at the Hangang waterfront, and is the worlds first on-water stage with opening and closing screen functions. The arch-shaped stage features a unique design intended to represent a water bubble, and is capable of showcasing dynamic varieties of space by presenting a dancing-light laser show and an on-water fountain show to music. People wishing to take part in the Love Declaration event can apply via the Hangang Project Headquarters website (http://hangang.seoul.go.kr). For further information, please dial (+82-2-3780-0678).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the 2011 Hangang Seoraeseom Rape Flower Festival at Seoraeseom in Banpo Hangang Park from May 10 to 15. The Hangang Seoraeseom Rape Flower Festival, which marks its eighth edition this year, was held for the first time in 2004. It is an environmentally-friendly festival that is highly popular among Seoul citizens as a representative seasonal festival of the Hangang. The festival comprises four main programs, namely, Rape Flower Photo Zones, the Rape Flower Concert, Experience Programs, and a Flea Market. The Rape Flower Photo Zone, the festivals iconic program, has been immensely popular among families and couples every year. Photo Zones are designated at various sites of Seoraeseom to allow families and lovers to create beautiful photographic souvenirs of the festival.The Rape Flower Concert will feature a wide variety of small-scale performances, including a string music ensemble, a daegeum (large Korean bamboo flute) performance amid spring breezes, a five-man brass band, an acoustic guitar and percussion performance, a juggling act, and a yoyo show. The Experience Program consists of events and activities that are most popular among children on family outings. The venue for this program is filled with childrens laughter every year. Children can participate in this program through on-site registration. Seoraeseom Flea Market, which makes its debut this year, has been organized to allow citizens to experience diverse cultures together with foreigners, and to enjoy the good-natured mood of a flea market. The market will open at the outdoor basketball court at the entrance to Seoraeseom on Tuesday, May 10, the opening day of the festival. For further information on the festival, please visit its website (www.hangangfest.co.kr), or dial the secretariat of the Hangang Seoraeseom Rape Flower Festival (+82-2-2605-9898, extension 103), or the Hangang Project Headquarters Culture and Tourism Division (+82-2-3780-0799).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government saw foreign direct investment into the City rise by 69 percent year on year to reach $835 million in the first quarter of 2011. A tally of growth rates by industrial sector suggests that the service sector saw an FDI increase of 67.4 percent year on year, rising from $466 million to $780 million, while the manufacturing sector saw an FDI gain of 96.4 percent year on year, rising from $28 million to $55 million. FDI in the finance and insurance sector, which is the Seoul Metropolitan Governments primary target area for FDI inducement, accounted for 31.8 percent of the overall FDI volume, up by 15.7 percent from the same period of last year. The business service sector, including consulting and accounting, which is the foundation for advancing the industrial structure, saw FDI rise by 53.6 percent, thus showing overall growth. By region, the largest amount of FDI into Seoul came from Europe at 35 percent, followed by Asia at 33 percent, and the Americas at 31 percent. By amount, FDI from the Americas amounted to $259 million (up 38.2 percent year on year), while FDI from Asia and Europe reached $274 million (38.4 percent) and $294 million (18.6 percent), respectively, as the amount of investment from all three regions showed a significant increase. Meanwhile, by investment type, additional investment by existing foreign invested companies accounted for 58 percent, new investments 41 percent, and long-term investment 1 percent. In order to attain this years FDI target of $4.5 billion, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to construct a network with the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency, consulting and law firms from May, and to proactively seek to discover potential investors in Europe, the Americas and emerging markets in Asia.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold a design experience program for children at the Peace Green Plaza of the World Cup Park on the occasion of Childrens Day on May 5. The Childrens Design and Creativity Camp , which celebrates its fourth anniversary this year, attracted 1,700 participants to its first edition in 2008. Since then, the number of participants has continued to grow, reaching 3,000 children and family members in 2010, with the camp emerging as a representative design experience event for children. The number of participants in this years event looks set to reach 4,000, including 550 children who have registered online and 700 children from underprivileged and multicultural families. Various auxiliary events will also be organized free of charge for children and families who have not applied in advance. In collaboration with UNICEFs Awoo Doll project, the event will feature actor Ahn Sung-ki attending as a UNICEF goodwill ambassador. He will team up with Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon to design the Awoo Dolls in person together with children. The main program of the event includes the Loving Sharing from Seoul to the World and 2011 Message of Hope from Seoul campaigns, in which participants will have a chance to make UNICEF Awoo Dolls and traditional Haechi (Seoul symbol) dolls as creative artworks. A further event will allow children to convey messages of hope written on soccer balls to children in Africa.
Arisu Nara will hold a wide variety of enjoyable events for all age groups, including performances, plays, and events, such as a special puppet show called Arisus Great Adventure, face painting, balloon art, and an Arisu drinking event, on the occasion of Childrens Day. The event will take place at the plaza in front of Arisu Nara, and in the Arisu PR center. The face painting and balloon art experience will be held from 13:00~16:00, the Arisu puppet show from 16:00~16:30, and the Arisu drinking event from 13:00~17:00. Seoul Metropolitan Government announced that this years event will offer a very special chance for children to have an unforgettable day out and benefit from the educational effects of learning about the tap water they drink on a daily basis, through the diverse and interesting experience-focused activities held at the tap water PR center. Arisu Nara is an independent building with a total floor space of 892 sq. m. covering two upper stories and one underground level. The first floor houses exhibition and experience-focused play facilities, while the second floor is equipped with a 3-D theme theater. The facility operates from 10 am to 8 pm every day all-year-round, excluding Mondays. Admission is free. How to get to Arisu Nara (Childrens Grand Park in Neung-dong): Phone +82-2-3146-5941~44
The Hi Seoul Festival 2011, co-hosted and organized by the Seoul Foundation of Arts and Culture and Seoul Metropolitan Government, will open in Yeouido Hangang Park and in various urban squares (Seoul Plaza, Cheonggye Plaza and Gwanghwamun Square) on May 5.During the festival, to be held over six days from May 5 to 10, some 300 nonverbal performances, including about 150 invitational performances by 47 groups from eleven countries, will be staged for the public. All the outdoor performances during the Hi Seoul Festival 2011 are open to the public free of charge. Tickets for the indoor performances held at the Big Top Village in Yeouido Hangang Park can be reserved in advance at the festival homepage (www.hiseoulfest.org). At noon on May 5, the opening day of the festival, a Seoul open air market and world street play parade, to be enjoyed together with 10,000 citizens, will be held at the Seoul Plaza to celebrate the opening day of the festival. At 8pm, about fifty citizens will perform an event, in which they will form a human net 30m up in the air at Yeouido Hangang Park. Furthermore, a great rainbow-colored festival called Rainbow Drops, a masterpiece of aerial performance art designed to adorn the nighttime sky of Seoul, will be held.The Great Wall of Book set up in Seoul Plaza from May 1, prior to the festival opening, will stage an unexpected Flashmob event under the name of Take Off Your Skin_Toys Project together with the participation of ninety citizens at noon on May 5.Meanwhile, the associated programs of the Hi Seoul Festival 2011, such as the Garden Five Festival, Culture-vested Playground, Seoul Street Artists, will create an exciting cultural and artistic atmosphere for Seouls citizens during the festival period.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government introduces cultural performances and events that are worth a visit on Childrens Day on May 5.The Hi Seoul Festival, the representative festival of the Korean capital, is held as an international nonverbal performance festival featuring 49 performance troupes invited from eleven countries around the world. The performances will be held primarily at Yeouido Hangang Park and Seoul Plaza on May 5. The Cheonggyecheon Festival, which will kick off at Cheonggye Plaza from May 1, will feature the Homing Exhibition, an installation art exhibition involving famous artists from Korea and overseas, and a series of World Street Play performances, which will be held as mobile events in Gwanghwamun Square and Seoul Plaza. The Ringing the Bell of Hope program, a special bell-ringing event for children, will be held by children who want to participate, at the Bosingak Belfry from 11 am to 12 noon on May 5. A childrens dance drama, The Ugly Duckling, is a story about love and adventure of a family. This performance is based on the famous fairytale written by Hans Christian Andersen, and will present a wonderful chance for families to enjoy together. It will be staged at the Sejong Center for Performing Arts from May 5 to 8. At The 2011 Design and Creative Camp for Children, to be held at the Peace Green Plaza at the World Cup Park, you can enjoy a wide range of experience programs such as designing UNICEF Awoo character dolls, sending messages of hope with soccer balls to children in developing countries, and a mobile robot theater. Additionally, various experience-based events will be held outdoors, including We Are Growing Buds, to be staged at Seoul Forest, and Beautiful Market Opening Day and Vehicle-free Childrens World to be held at Gwangjin Plaza in Gwangjin-gu. For further information on the exhibitions and events, please visit the Seoul Metropolitan Governments website at (http://culture. seoul.go.kr), or dial the 120 Dasan Call Center.
The number of users of the Foreigners Emergency Medical Service, which the Seoul Metropolitan Government has commissioned to the Seoul Emergency Medical Information Center (1339) since May 2008, amounted to 13,283 by March 2011. The Foreigners Emergency Medical Service operates 24 hours a day throughout the year. Medical professionals proficient in foreign languages are on standby around the clock, so foreign residents who are not proficient in the Korean language can receive useful assistance in the event of an emergency. At present, the service offers counseling (translation) in English, Chinese, and Japanese. Fifteen medical doctors and nurses support patients in the areas of internal medicine, emergency medicine, thoracic and cardiovascular surgery, and plastic surgery. Concerning the language services, 48 percent of all users used the English-language service, followed by 11 percent for the Chinese language service, 7 percent for the Japanese-language, and 34 percent for other languages. By type of medical service, 2.4 percent of patients received first aid guidance and 11 percent received disease counseling, while the majority of users (53 percent) were guided to other medical institutions. Also, since use of the service has increased by more than 40 percent each year, it is effectively serving as a helper for emergency medicine, allowing foreign residents in Seoul to lead a safer, healthier life. Amid the growing trend towards multiculturalism in Seoul, the service will, from this years second half (August), offer medical counseling in Vietnamese and Mongolian, the languages in which it receives the most requests, on top of the major languages of English, Japanese and Chinese.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has announced the schedules of various cultural events to be held from May 1 to 15 at a number of locations in Hangang Park. A festival featuring diverse events and activities has also been prepared as part of the program to cater to foreign residents. A special event will take place for children of multicultural families at grassy field at Nanji Hangang Park from 10 am to 4 pm on Childrens Day (May 5). Children with different languages and cultures and children from underprivileged areas in Seoul can take part in the event to experience diverse cultures, especially games enjoyed by children in different countries around the world. Additionally, a wide variety of other activities will also be conducted, including childrens medical checkups, family keychain making, a magic bubble show, face painting, and make-a-wish fan-making. A world-map-making event will also be held as a teamwork game for children to learn the value of collaboration in creating a world map. If you have any inquiries or wish to participate in the events and activities, please contact the Migrant Health Association in Korea at (+82-2-3147-0516). In addition, this years Foreigners Flea Market will take place at Seoraeseom on May 10. The flea market is designed to bring together foreign residents in the Seorae Village, Ichon, Itaewon, and Hannam districts near Banpo Hangang Park, where they will be able to experience diverse and unique foreign cultures. People who are interested in participating in the flea market can apply at the Seorae Global Village Center, Ichon Global Village Center, Itaewon/Hannam Global Village Center or Yeoksam Global Village Center, or via the festival website at (www.hangangfest.co.kr). For further information, please contact the festival secretariat at (+82-2-2605-9898, extension 103) or the Hangang Project Headquarters Culture and Tourism Division at (+82-2-3780-0799).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will host the third anniversary contest of the monthly National Teenage B-Boy Battle Competition, A Friday Night (A.F.N.), at Gyeonghuigung Palace in Jongno-gu, Seoul from 6 pm on April 29. A.F.N. has been held with the participation of B-boy groups from around the country on Friday evening every fourth week of the month since 2008. The third anniversary contest of the monthly National Teenage B-Boy Battle Competition will offer plenty of things to see and enjoy by incorporating B-boy dance culture into the beautiful scenery and serene mood of the old palace. A.F.N. is helping to promote Koreas B-boy culture to a wider audience as the competition has not only attracted more than 40 B-boy dancing teams from all over Korea but also B-boy clubs from the U.S.A., Japan and Canada. To celebrate the third anniversary of the competition, the House Unit, a five-member project team of Koreas best house dancers, and the Punkies, the female rocking dance duo that won the second prize in Japans largest dance contest, Dance Delight, will take part as special guests in the contest. B-boys can apply for the contest at the Nowon Youth Centers Internet broadcasting station (www.attii.net), which will receive applications on a first come, first served basis. Anyone can attend the contest, free of charge. For further information on the contest, please contact the Nowon Youth Centers Teenager Team at +82-2-3391-4141  (Extension 171~174)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has opened the revamped mobile WAP site (http://hiseoul.mobi), which provides information on Seoul to Japanese people, after reinforcing its functions to enable access via smart phones and significantly expanding the sites contents and services on May 1. The Wireless Application Protocol (WAP) is a wireless internet site that is accessible via ordinary mobile phones. In 2009, the Seoul Metropolitan Government launched a mobile WAP site to promote Seoul to Japan, a market where the use of mobile services is the highest in the world. With the revamping of the WAP site, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has expanded its functions to allow not only ordinary mobile phone users but also smartphone users, whose demand for the service has surged in recent months, to use it more conveniently. By composing web pages and expanding the contents of the WAP site in a way that takes into account users, the city enhanced user convenience and the utility of the information provided. Also, the city added contents designed to introduce Seouls mascot, Haechi, and a menu on Seoul City Tours to help visitors to comfortably enjoy trips to the city. The layout of the site has also been improved. The symbolism of Seoul has been enhanced by efficiently incorporating Seouls symbolic color against a background image composed of hanji (traditional Korean paper) and by inserting Seouls landmark silhouette at the bottom. Meanwhile, in order to promote the renewed Japanese mobile WAP site, Seoul Metropolitan Government will conduct a month-long online PR campaign starting from the day of its launch on May 1. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide special souvenirs to the winners of sweepstakes among those who upload the special event page introducing the new mobile WAP site within the Citys official Japanese-language site (http://japanese.seoul.go.kr/mobile/mobile.php) and the QR code image onto their blogs or twitters, and then leave track backs on Japan Yahoos Seoul Metropolitan City official blog (http://blogs.yahoo.co.jp/hi_seoul_travel).
Seoul Metropolitan Citys twitter @seoulmania will hold the Second Heart-Beating Instant Matchmaking Gathering at Yeouido Hangang Park on May 10 to help single men and women who use social network services to find a spouse. The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to offer an enjoyable venue where singles can get together by arranging a two-hour recreation session designed to help the participants to open their hearts, followed by a special hour-long cultural performance. Seoul citizens who want to apply for the gathering are requested to send a memo to the Seoul Metropolitan City twitter @seoulmania, or post a secretive message on the Seoul Metropolitan Governments official blog at http://blog.seoul.go.kr by May 2. The organizers plan to guide the participants to introduce themselves in a natural fashion through recreational activities during the two-hour recreation session. The participants will then watch a comic puppet show by two male performers, who will perform aboard a traditional wagon at 3 pm. After that, interested participants will be free to watch various performances at the Hi Seoul Festival, which will continue late into the night. If participants successfully find a partner through this instant matchmaking event, Seoul Metropolitan City will provide them with an opportunity to propose at The Wall of Proposals at Dumuldari (Bridge) in Cheonggyecheon or the Moonlight Rainbow Fountain at Banpodaegyo. For further information on the event, please dial +82-2-120 or +82-2-731-6395
Foreign residents quality of life in Seoul improves slightly from previous year foreigners happiness index higher than that of Korean nationals The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced on April 27 the results of the 2010 Seoul Survey of Social Trends, which surveyed social trends among Seouls residents, including single-member families, the middle classes, baby boomers, and elderly citizens. The Seoul Survey of Social Trends has been conducted annually since 2003 to trace overall social trends in Seoul, including citizens quality of life and current life circumstances, residential conditions, interest and value. The findings of the survey are used as basic data for implementing the citys administration and formulating policies. The results of the 2010 Seoul Survey of Social Trends suggest that the average monthly income of baby boomer families was 3.91 million won, with seven out of 10 families (68.3 percent) owning homes. Also, 36.1 percent of the residents had college or higher degrees, while 25.2 percent of them were engaged in professional occupations. The happiness index for single-member families was 60.9 points, somewhat lower than the 66.1 points recorded for families with two or more members. Single-member families were also found to participate less in volunteer activities (13.6 percent) and donation campaigns (34.3 percent) than the other groups. Koreas overall population data reveal that Seouls population of senior citizens aged 65 or higher amounted to 941,000 (9.4 percent) as of 2010, with elderly people projected to account for one in four (22.3 percent, or 2,103,000 people) of all Seouls residents by 2030. According to the results of the survey conducted on 2,500 foreign residents, the quality of life among foreigners in Seoul was 6.78 points, up 0.26 points from the previous year. Their happiness index was 7.14 points, higher than that of Korean nationals at 6.59 points. The level of consumer prices, which foreign residents in Seoul felt, came at 144.2, compared with a reading of 100 concerning consumer price levels in their own countries. Regarding the recruitment of skilled workers, a survey of businesses revealed that both domestic companies and foreign invested firms replied that it was more difficult to find them (in 2010) than in the previous year. Korean companies felt a higher burden from wage costs and taxes, while foreign-invested firms felt a heavier burden from business regulations.
Sixty foreign teenagers, who were invited by the Seoul Metropolitan Government from its sister cities to attend vocational training institutes in Seoul and learn advanced industrial skills, will have a chance to experience the ambiance and beauty of Seoul by participating in a city administration tour from April 27. The teenagers are taking vocational training and Korean language classes at Elim Vocational Training Institute in Gunpo-si, Gyeonggi-do, and the Seoul Vocational Training Institute in Godeok-dong, Gangdong-gu.During the city administration tour the trainees will visit Sarangchae at the presidential office of the Cheong Wa Dae, Cheonggyecheon, and the PR Center for New City Hall. During the summer vacation, they will also go on a tour of major industrial complexes in Korea, including POSCO and Hyundai Motor Company. The trainees have shown great enthusiasm and commitment in acquiring new industrial skills and learning all about Seouls vocational training systems in order to contribute to the future development of their nations. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has been inviting teenagers from sister cities overseas and providing them with free vocational training every year since 2001. By the end of last year, a total of 435 people from 13 countries had participated in Seoul Metropolitan Citys vocational training programs. Trainees who complete the industrial vocational training courses in Seoul return to their countries to take up their chosen career paths with a sense of pride and gratitude towards Korea, effectively serving as civilian goodwill ambassadors for Korea in their home countries.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the Worldwide Ads Creative Festival for the first half of 2011 at the international conference hall in SBA in Daechi-dong, Gangnam-gu on May 14~15 and on May 19~22. The event will allow visitors to view award-winning advertisements from eleven leading advertising contests, including the worlds top three advertising festivals. The annual festival, which was launched last year, is drawing keen attention as Koreas largest ad presentation event, screening award-winning advertisements from not only the worlds top three advertising festivals but also from renowned ad contests held in various countries around the world, including France. The event, consisting of eight different programs, will present a collection of award-winning ads that have not yet been aired in Korea, as well as past Grand Prix winners from eleven renowned ad festivals, including the worlds top three ad events, namely the Clio Awards, the New York Festivals, and the London Ad Awards, plus the Young Directors Award of France.In addition, Koreas leading advertising experts will be invited to present their far-reaching experience and know-how, including their knowledge of foreign advertising trends and project success stories, offering visitors a great opportunity to learn about current trends in the overseas ad industry and develop their perspective and insight. The admission fee for the festival is 8,000 won per session, and applications by up to 200 people will be received on a first come, first served basis. Those wishing to visit the festival can apply online at the official reservation website at (http://wacf.ad.co.kr) from April 27. For further details, please call the Seoul Business Agency at +82-2-2222-3837. Major advertisements of 2011 
The Seobu Green Seoul Management Office of the Seoul City will hold thirteen waterfront concerts for local residents and visitors at waterfront stages of World Cup Park in Sangam-dong, Mapo-gu, and Westlake Park in Sinwol-dong, Gangseo-gu, from April 30 to September 17. Now in their ninth year, the Waterfront Concerts will consist of diverse performance genres ranging from opera gala shows, vocal songs, crossover music, chamber orchestras, dance, indie bands, and pansori (traditional Korean vocal songs). The concerts will be staged under the theme of ECO-Live Park on outdoor stages amid the lakes and verdant fields of the citys parks.Notably, on the weekend of April 30~May 1, another concert will also take place at the World Cup Park in conjunction with the 2011 Tulip Time event, where 27,000 tulips will bloom in many colors, symbolizing confessions of love. For further details, please visit the World Cup Park website (http://worldcuppark.seoul.go.kr/worldcup_eng/index.html). Inquiries: Seobu Green Seoul Management Offices Environmental Preservation Division (+82-2-300-5573)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the Seoul Friendship Fair 2011 from May 7 to 8 at Seoul Plaza and around the Mugyo-dong area in downtown Seoul. The Seoul Friendship Fair, which celebrates its 16th edition this year, will bring together performance troupes from sister and friendship cities in nine countries, as well as foreign embassies, national tourism agencies, and cultural councils from 53 nations, in Korea. The participants will stage traditional performances and diverse events, including the World Food Court, Traditional Folk Art Exhibition and the World Costume Experience. An Information Fair will also be held at Cheonggye Plaza and around Taepyeong-ro during the period to provide foreign residents in Seoul with diverse sources of information. These events are expected to serve as a venue of global festival where both Korean nationals and foreigners can get together and participate. The Main Stage at Seoul Plaza will present traditional performances by performance troupes from nine cities worldwide. The Traditional Folk Art Exhibition and the World Costume Experience will present diverse events to see and enjoy in and around Seoul Plaza. The World Food Court, offering cuisine from 53 countries, will hold in the Mugyo-dong area, where people can meet with the wider world and share their emotions, cultures and foods. If you have foreign friends living in Korea, you are invited to participate with them in the Information Fair, which will take place at Cheonggye Plaza from 12 noon to 7 pm. Sin Myeon-ho, chief of the Economic Promotion Headquarters at the Seoul Metropolitan Government, said, The Seoul Friendship Fair will provide a great opportunity to encounter many unique cultures from all around the world, adding, I hope that Seouls citizens will come and spend the May holidays with their families and friends at Seoul Plaza, where they will be able to experience many cultures from around the world at a single location.
A Discover Seoul Day event was held at Old Trafford, the home ground of the English premier league soccer club Manchester United, to attract avid attention from soccer fans around the world. The event was held under the theme Discover Seoul at Manchester Uniteds Old Trafford stadium at 12:30 pm (local time) on April 23, during a premier league match between Manchester United Football Club and Everton FC. The Seoul Metropolitan Government installed a Seoul Zone outside the ground, and conducted various events targeting soccer fans to promote Seoul. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has also run advertisements on Seoul on digital boards at the Manchester United stadium for the past three seasons (from 2008-2009 to 2010-2011). The advertisements, each of which is 20 seconds long, were aired 4.5 times per match on average, for a combined total of 6,030 seconds. So far, a cumulative total of 4.2 billion people are presumed to have watched the Seoul ads. Korean soccer player Park Ji-sung of Manchester United said, I have received warm support from Seoul City and its citizens over the past three seasons, adding, I was very pleased to meet Seoul and Korea at the Old Trafford Stadium. It was a great moment for me to see Koreans dancing and drumming at the soccer stadium. I felt like I was in my hometown. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has held Discover Seoul Day events in Manchester, U.K. since 2009 in conjunction with Manchester Uniteds games at its home ground. By holding the third Discover Seoul Day event this year during the April 23 match, which was viewed by nearly 330 million fans worldwide, Seoul widely promoted the charm of the Korean capital to the whole world.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced on April 25 that it is set to introduce a range of high-value-added fusion and integration Seoul tourism products, which combine Seouls most attractive tourist hotspots with shopping, and new growth engine industries, in a bid to attract tourists from Greater China, Southeast Asia and Japan. The new fusion and integration Seoul tourism products were put on sale on April 8 in 40 cities in eight countries, including China, Southeast Asia and Japan. The city government said the new Seoul tourism products  which integrate diverse tourist attractions including 100 tourist hotspots, traditional marts, department stores, and duty free shops with the eight major new growth engine industries  will stimulate motivation and fulfill the ever more diverse expectations of tourists, as well as help spread the trend of medium- to up-scale tourism products for the domestic inbound tourism market.In order to assure the success of the new tourism products, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide online advertisements in foreign countries and provide incentives for recruiting tourists. In the meantime, the first batch of group tourists (78 people) arrived in Korea from Beiijing and Shanghai for five-day tours of Seoul and Paju in Gyeonggi Province on April 19. Their key itinerary includes tours of Panmunjeom, Walker Hill Show, Garosu-gil in Sinsa-dong, Myeongpum (luxury brand) Street in Cheongdam-dong, Lotte Department Store, duty free shops, Myeong-dong, and N Seoul Tower. Inquiries: Seoul Metropolitan Governments Tourism Division at +82-2-2171-2464 or +82-2-2171-2452
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has selected 93 winners (in the child and teenager categories) of the Seoul Metropolitan City Citizens Awards, and will hold an official award ceremony during Childrens Month and Youth in May at the international conference hall in the Korean Chamber of Commerce and Industry on the 89th Childrens Day, which falls on May 5, 2011. The Seoul Metropolitan City Childrens and Teenagers Awards are presented in six categories encompassing filial piety and manners, volunteerism and cooperation, overcoming hardships, creative science and art, frugality and saving, and global leadership. A total of 437 applications were submitted from March 23 to April 1, after which the screening committee selected a total of 93 winners, including 34 winners of Childrens Awards, 38 winners of Teenagers Awards (including one foreigner), nine winners of Youth Awards, and twelve winners of Childrens and Teenagers Guidance Awards on April 20. Of the winners of the Teenagers Award, Imura Erika, a senior at Boseong Girls High School, was recommended in the global leadership subcategory. Since transferring from Japan in 2001 to Yongam Elementary School in Seoul as a fifth grader, she has successfully adapted to school life in Korea, and conducted volunteer activities in the U.S.A. and Nepal. Working from the international exchange department of her school, she conducted the schools program for student visits to a Japanese school with which it has a sisterhood relationship. She also participated in Seoul Citys District 4 English speech contest to represent her school, where she won the top prize. Owing to her good academic performance, she has earned widespread trust and popularity among her classmates and teachers.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government presents how to use Nanji Hangang Camp for citizens who are interested in barbecuing and camping amid warm weather for outings. Nanji Camp is the only place in the Hangang riverside area where members of the public are permitted to cook and camp. The camp is operated in two sections for picnics and camping. The campsite has spaces for 194 tents, and can accommodate up to 2,000 people. Nearly 170,000 people visited Nanji Camp last year, with more than 1,200 people visiting the camp on weekdays and 2,000 at weekends (as of April). Hundreds of inquires are made daily. In a bid to improve the service, Nanji Camp is constructing an English-language reservation system for foreign campers, which is slated for completion in July or August, and will install more shade tents in June. For further information, please dial Nanji Camp at (+82-2-304-0061~3), or visit its website at www.nanjicamping.co.kr.
Following on from the runaway success of the Thai movie Hello Stranger, which was filmed in Seoul, two Malaysian movies are now being filmed with Seoul as the background this time.The two movies, titled I Have.You? and No Marked Grave, started shooting at various locations around Seoul, including Cheonggyecheon, Myeong-dong, Dongdaemun, Kyunghee University, and Namsan, on April 6. Pencil Pictures, the company responsible for producing the two movies, first built a relationship with Seoul with The Calling of Nami Island, a TV drama aired in 2010, and has now started filming in Seoul. The Calling of Nami Island enjoyed high viewer ratings in Malaysia when it was aired. Pencil Pictures judged that the success of the drama was possible because Seoul was used as its background, and so audaciously decided to produce two more movies in Seoul. Hello Stranger, the Thai movie for which more than 90 percent of the filming work was done in Seoul, also apparently affected Pencil Pictures decision to choose Seoul as the background.
The Seoul Metropolitan Fire & Disaster Headquarters held the inaugural ceremony of the Special Civilian Fire Fighting Squad comprising of foreign residents, the first of its kind in the city, at Jungnang Fire Station at 2 pm on April 21. The new recruits to the Special Firefighting Squad include foreign residents from nine countries, including the Philippines, who have lived in Jungnang-gu for three months or longer and who can communicate in Korean. They are also armed with professional skills, great commitment, and a volunteer spirit. The squad will provide backup assistance to firefighting units at fire sites, including interpreting in the event of accidents and disasters involving foreigners, and carry out patrol missions in residential areas where there is a high risk of fire, serving as guardians of the citizens safety. The members of the squad will also work to introduce basic firefighting equipment (fire extinguishers, and single household fire detection and siren systems) and maintenance guidance to households that are vulnerable to fires, including the homes of multicultural residents, in a bid to establish a culture of public safety.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will run the 2011 Bosingak bell-ringing program for children to send a message of hope at the Bosingak (Belfry) in Jongno-gu, Seoul on the occasion of Childrens Day, which falls on May 5. Bosingak Belfry is the site of the Bonsingak Bell, National Relic No. 2, which was originally tolled to herald the beginning of each new day, as well as to signal the opening and closing of the gates to the capital during the Joseon Dynasty. The bell was rung 33 times at 4 am and 28 times at 10 pm every day. The belfry was originally known as Jonggak, but Emperor Gojong named it Bosingak Belfry in the 32nd year of his reign (1895), and it has kept the name ever since. The current belfry, which has five sections at the front and back and four at the sides, was built by the Seoul Metropolitan Government as a two-story structure in August 1979. The Bosingak bell-ringing program is expected to provide an opportunity not only to pray for the health and happiness of the people, national unity and prosperity, but also to help children to recognize the importance of great cultural relics and to instill them with dreams of hope. Twelve children will be selected via online application at the Seoul Metropolitan Governments website at http://www.seoul.go.kr (Culture Daily Ringing of the Bosingak Bell), and twelve others will be picked on site by allotting numbers on a first come, first served basis, thus giving a total of 24 children the chance to ring the historic bell. Inquiries: Bosingak (Belfry) Management Office (+82-2-731-0532)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the 2011 Hi Seoul Bicycle Parade, in which more than 5,000 citizens will depart from Gwanghwamun Square on their bikes at 8 am on May 29, pedal through Seoul Plaza, continue along the northern end of the Hangangdaegyo  Gangbyeon Expressway and the northern end of Gayangdaegyo to reach the Peace Plaza at the World Cup Park. The Hi Seoul Bicycle Parade will help to establish the bicycle as an eco-friendly means of transportation, rather than simply as a leisure activity, and serve as a festival that will create a world where people and the environment unite as one by laying the foundations for the green environment and green living, health promotion, energy conservation, and a healthier culture. This year marks the third anniversary of the Hi Seoul Bicycle Parade, which started in 2009. The route for this years parade has been extended to 21 km, and is designed to allow cyclists to ride through various downtown areas and follow the Gangbyeon Expressway along the Hangang to reach the World Cup Park. As such, it is drawing keen attention from citizens and cyclists alike. On top of the bicycle ride, the Hi Seoul Bicycle Parade will also entail various events such as bike repair services prior to departure, a warm-up session using bicycles, an eco bike festival (including a bicycle exhibition at the end point) and congratulatory performances, as well as a fun sweepstake event in which all participants can take part, with a chance of winning free gifts. Up to 5,000 participants will be selected for the Hi Seoul Bicycle Parade by May 13 on a first come first served basis from among people who apply through the events website (http://www.hiseoulbike.com).  Inquiries: Secretariat for the 2011 Hi Seoul Bicycle Parade at +82-2-334-6274
The Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts will hold the 2011 Gwanghwamun Grand Culture Festival, a global culture and arts fiesta with various themes, from April 28 to October 9, in and around a special stage on the central stairway of the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts in Gwanghwamun. The Seoul Metropolitan Government aims to develop the Gwanghwamun Grand Culture Festival as Koreas representative history and culture experience event, where Seoul citizens and foreign tourists can get together and have a great time. Starting with a Memorial Festival held under the theme of The Story of Chungmugong Admiral Lee Sun-sin in April, the 2011 Gwanghwamun Grand Culture Festival will include the Gwanghwamun Springtime Starry Night Festival from May to June the World Music Festival, featuring the best musicians from all around the world from July to August the Gwanghwamun Fall Starry Night Festival in September and the Memorial Festival under the theme of The Story of King Sejong the Great in October. Collectively, they will involve more than 150 performances of diverse genres, plus participation-oriented programs for citizens and visitors. From April 27 to 28, to mark the birth date of Admiral Lee Sun-sin, the Memorial Festival: Story of Chungmugong Admiral Lee Sun-sin will take place in the form of a history-themed festival comprising performances and exhibitions, free open lectures and academic seminars, held in conjunction with the Stories of King Sejong and Admiral Lee exhibition halls in the underground section of Gwanghwamun Square. From Monday to Friday every week during May 2 to June 30, the Gwanghwamun Springtime Starry Night Festival will be held in the city center under the theme of Legend of Dreams and Passion at the special stage on the central stairway of the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts. After the conclusion of the spring event, the World Music Festival will be held from July 4 to August 31. This program for this festival, held under the theme of Encounters and Exchange with the World, features talented musicians from Korea and overseas who will introduce the music and songs of various countries, turning up the heat of the summer night fever. The World Music Festival will be followed by the Gwanghwamun Fall Starry Night Festival, held under the theme of Legend of Memories and Romantic Experience from September 1 to October 7. At this festival, Koreas top musicians will stage a flurry of music performances, filling the autumnal nights with beautiful emotions. The 2011 Gwanghwamun Grand Culture Festival will reach its grand finale with the Memorial Festival: the Story of King Sejong the Great, which will involve various performances and experience-oriented programs for the public on October 8 ~ 9, at the special stage of the central stairway of the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts and the Story of King Sejong Exhibition Hall in Gwanghwamum Square. * Inquiries: Performance planning team, Sejong Center for the Performing Arts (+82-2-399-1612)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will receive 33 hydrogen-fuel-cell vehicles, including 19 Mohaves (eco-friendly utility vehicles), and test and monitor the vehicles performance while using them in environmental patrols and air pollution inspections. Currently, global trends in the development of hydrogen fuel cell-powered vehicles suggest that some 100 to 200 hydrogen-fuel-cell-powered vehicles are being run primarily in the U.S., Japan and Europe, along with 15 to 40 hydrogen fueling stations, in projects to demonstrate the vehicles and the related infrastructure to the general public. Notably, Japan aims to deploy five million hydrogen-fuel-cell-powered vehicles by 2020. The Seoul Metropolitan Government promoted Koreas world-class, advanced hydrogen-fuel-cell-powered vehicle technology by providing hydrogen-fuel-cell-powered vehicles to assist the transportation of domestic and foreign reporters and event participants during the G20 Seoul Summit last November. During the summit, the city also operated two hydrogen-fuel-cell-powered buses as shuttles to move people from the Tancheon Parking Lot to the conference venue, effectively promoting Seoul Citys use of technologically-advanced hydrogen-fuel-cell vehicles to representatives of the participant cities and the general public as a futuristic means of transportation that emits zero pollution, including carbon dioxide and exhaust fumes. The number of hydrogen-fuel-cell-powered cars to be tested this time includes 19 Mohaves and 14 Tucsons. The city will receive 15 vehicles on April 21, and 18 more in late May, and will use them for two years to help improve the environment and provide administrative services for Seoul citizens at its 19 departments, including the Seoul City Environmental Protection Headquarters.
Saetgang Dari (Bridge) has been picked as the official name for the Yeouido Saetgang Pedestrian Bridge in a preference survey of citizens who use the bridge, which was opened on April 12. Seoul Metropolitan Government conducted a public contest to find the name for Yeouido Saetgang Pedestrian Bridge via the Internet for seven days from March 1 to 7, 2011, and received 357 names. Of these, the city selected five candidates (Saetgang Dari, Osolgil Dari, Ssanghakgyo, and Hakbigyo, and Durumi Dari) through an expert review and an Internet-based survey of public preferences. The city then conducted a survey vote among users of the bridge to choose the finalist from the five candidate names during April 14 to 17. As a result, Saetgang Dari earned 4,144 (48.1 percent) of the total of 8,621 votes, thus becoming the official name of the new bridge. Results of Preference SurveySaetgang Dari is an original Korean term that effectively reflects the geographical characteristics of the new bridge, which links Singil Station and Yeouido across Yeouido Saetgang. The name is advantageous in that anyone can easily pronounce and identify it. Now that the official name has been picked, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to place beautifully designed name panels made of reinforced glass, which are produced using a special technique, at six locations, including the start and ending points of the bridge, and to change or modify all the road signs in the areas around the bridge.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold cultural and art concerts featuring performances by foreign artists from diverse countries twice weekly during lunchtime on the permanent outdoor stage at the Global Street Plaza in Mugyo-dong, Jung-gu, Seoul, starting with a traditional performance by a Mexican troupe on April 19. The Global Concert, which involved performances by 47 groups from 24 countries from May to early November last year, drew keen public attention and enjoyed immense popularity, with more than 400 spectators, including office workers and tourists, attending each event on average. The Global Concert, which is due to start again with the onset of spring, will be held for 30 minutes from 12:20 pm every Tuesday and Thursday. Performers of various levels, ranging from amateurs to professionals from Korea and overseas, will take part in the concerts, which will cover diverse genres including traditional dances, instrumental recitals, band performances, short dramas, and magic shows. Notably, the concerts in April will feature a cultural campaign in which the country that stages the performances on a given day will introduce its culture, including foods and traditional costumes, for twenty minutes from 12 noon, as a pre-opening event, thus allowing citizens to experience diverse cultures from all around the world. (Related website: http://global.seoul.go.kr) Performance schedules from April to May (Tue, April 19  Thu, May 12) Time: 12:20 ~ 12:50 Venue: 95 Mugyo-dong, Jung-gu, Seoul (In front of the Kolon Building)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to designate fifty plazas, forests, parks, and streets in the city center as Open Art Theaters, and encourage professional artists to stage performances, and citizen artists, including amateur culture and arts clubs, and senior citizens art troupes, to use them as venues to show off their talent and skills, in order to develop the sites into cultural arenas where citizens can produce and enjoy culture on their own initiative from May 22. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will classify the sites into core spaces, hub spaces, and local community spaces, and operate them under specialized programs on a regular basis. The core spaces will serve as cultural hotspots in Seoul with the capacity for more than 2,000 spectators. Five core spaces have been designated, including Seoul Plaza, Boramae Park, Dream Forest, Neungdong Childrens Grand Park, and Garden Five Plaza. The hub spaces are the sites of autonomous wards cultural hub sites where more than 700 people can get together. Ten hub spaces have been designated, including Nam Insa Court in Jongno-gu, Westlake Park in Yangcheon-gu, and Cheonho Park in Gangdong-gu. In the local community spaces, citizens can rest, relax and take a stroll, as well as enjoy cultural performances within their own living communities, including small-scale village parks, walking paths, and hiking paths. With the Open Art Theaters and the Mobile Culture Delivery Service, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to provide artists with an opportunity to cultivate their talent, and citizens with opportunities to enjoy culture free of charge. In this way, the city administration aims to transform Seoul into a city of culture where all citizens and artists are happy. The Seoul Metropolitan Government also established a Culture and Art Sharing Center at the Seoul Foundation of Arts and Culture last February, and is recruiting members for a volunteer group to share their skills from among art clubs and amateur artists. Citizens who are interested in becoming volunteers are invited to contact the Cultural Policy Division at (+82-2-2171-2552).
Seoul Metropolitan Government conducted the Second Seoul Day of Public Transportation Use on the fourth Wednesday of the month, which fell on April 20, after holding the first one last month. The city staged a far-reaching campaign by holding diverse events to ensure that the second event would be a success, attracting greater public attention and participation than the first event. Starting on March 23, Seoul Metropolitan Government designated the fourth Wednesday of every month as the Seoul Day of Public Transportation Use as part of its efforts to conserve energy, and is encouraging its citizens to use public transportation. The results of the March event suggest that the number of public transportation users rose by 188,000 (1.3 percent) compared with the previous week (Wednesday). The April event entailed the participation of Seoul Metropolitan Government and its 25 autonomous wards, 66 bus companies, various subway operators including Seoul Metro and the Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corp., and a number of department stores. By encouraging the employees of public organizations and private companies to take the lead and voluntarily participate in the campaign, Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to develop the Seoul Day of Public Transportation Use into a pan-citizen event in the future. Simultaneously with the Seoul Day of Public Transportation Use and the Day of the Disabled, which fell on April 20, Seoul Metropolitan Government also conducted a campaign to promote the use of public transportation in a way that takes into account the more underprivileged members of society, in an effort to create a public transportation culture that enhances the convenience and happiness of every citizen.
The Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corp. operated the call taxi service for the disabled, free of charge, on the occasion of the 31st Day of the Disabled on April 20. The free call taxi service was available from 00:00 to 24:00 on April 20 for people with disability grades 1 and 2, people with brain lesions and wheelchair users in grades 1 and 2. Wheelchair users from other cities and provinces, including foreigners, were also eligible to use the free service. To use the service, customers can dial the call center at 1588-4388 or apply at the website (calltaxi.sisul.or.kr) as in ordinary times. The call taxi service for the disabled was originally introduced in 2003, with the provision of 100 taxis, to assure the mobility of people with severe disabilities, who cannot easily access public transportation, and to help them participate in social activities. However, the number of call taxis has increased by 200 over the past five years (i.e., by 20 in 2006, 50 in 2007, 50 in 2008, 60 in 2009, and 20 in 2010) to reach 300 at present. Call taxis for the disabled in Seoul City, which have been in service for nine years, had 1,925 users on average per day last year, while the cumulative number of users reached 3.4 million by late March this year. The number of users is set to top 4 million early next year, as 720,000 people are expected to use the taxis this year.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency will install and test run tri-color arrow traffic signals that meet the international standards on the 2km-long section of road between the Dongsipjagak and Sungnyemun intersections from April 20. The measure is being taken in line with international standards to help Korean and foreign motorists to drive safely without being confused by traffic lights when driving in the city, in a bid to keep abreast of the globalization trend. The new tri-color traffic signal meets the international standards, and provides clear signs for directions and traffic lanes. It is hoped that if motorists accurately learn and adapt themselves to the traffic signaling system early on, they will easily be able to recognize left-turn signals, which will further increase their convenience when driving. As well as allowing a period of grace to enable citizens to adapt to the new system, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to install in phases the new tri-color arrow lights, while the conventional four-color traffic lights should be replaced with the expiry of their lifespan, after test running the new system. However, the city plans to maintain the conventional four-color traffic lighting system where concurrent direct left-turn signs must be maintained due to the structure of the road or where there is excessive traffic volume. In order to minimize the confusion and inconvenience that may result from the change in the traffic lighting system, the city has decided to install No turning on the red arrow signs at intersections where the tri-color traffic light is adopted. Following the installation of the tri-color traffic lights on the test section, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to monitor their effect on traffic and continue correcting any problems, before expanding their introduction to central bus-only lane streets and other areas in the city. 
Seoul Metropolitan Government, in collaboration with public health centers and medical institutions, will include in its mobile counseling service free medical checkups for foreigners, on top of counseling on living, starting with a session at Itaewon Station on April 17. During the mobile counseling service, Seoul Metropolitan Government will collaborate with district health centers and medical institutions to provide free medical checkups, including the testing of blood sugar levels, liver and kidney conditions, and hepatitis, for migrant workers and foreign spouses married to Koreans. Introduced in 2009, the mobile counseling service is an on-site total public service designed to serve migrant workers, foreign students, and multicultural families living in Seoul who cannot afford to visit the Seoul Global Center on weekdays due to work and study commitments, in order to help ease some of the difficulties they face while living in the city. Organizations or areas that wish to receive the mobile counseling service can use the program by calling the Seoul Global Center at  +82-2-2075-4107 or kss7579@seoul.go.kr, or at  +82-2-2075-4113 or jinju075@sba.seoul.kr.
During his current visit to the U.S.A., Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon will deliver a lecture entitled, Seoul 9 to 5 Creative Governance at the John F. Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University on April 18 (U.S. time). In his lecture, Mayor Oh will promote Seouls urban competitiveness, which increased sharply over the last five years, from 27th place in 2006 to ninth in 2010, and the excellence of the Creative city administration which has transformed Seoul. As examples of the Creative City Administration that has spearheaded Seoul Citys ongoing transformation, he will introduce the innovative administrative civil counseling service, namely the 120 Dasan Call Center, which has earned global recognition, and Oasis of Ten Million Peoples Imagination, an online communication channel linking Seoul City and its ten million citizens. Singling out design as the driving force of creativity that has changed Seoul City, Mayor Oh will explain that he has been developing Seoul by emphasizing Design is everything! since his election as mayor, noting that the 21st century is an era of competition for charm. Finally, pointing out that Seoul City is undergoing a somewhat disorderly period due to unemployment problems and controversy over public welfare, Mayor Oh will stress that Seoul is faced with the challenge of overcoming these difficult problems and of increasing its rankings in terms of its urban competitiveness. But if the city continues moving ahead to achieve the goals it has set itself, it should be able to reach the target of fifth place in the global urban competitiveness rankings by 2014. Mayor Oh said, It will be a meaningful occasion to share Seouls vision of entering the Global Top 5 with the global leaders of the future, adding, I will introduce Seouls urban competitiveness and the citys attractive brand to global leaders and share ideas with them. Meanwhile, Mayor Oh will visit the Big Dig, a deep underground tunnel, and the Innovation District, an urban redevelopment project in Boston, on the first day of his U.S. visit in the morning on April 18. The Big Dig, Bostons representative urban redevelopment project, has involved the removal of the citys elevated highways and the construction of a 5.6km-long underground tunnel, parks and green areas. The project is highly regarded as an exemplary model of a 21st century development project that has revitalized a city. Mayor Oh will follow this up with a visit to the Innovation District, a redevelopment project that is transforming an underdeveloped waterfront area in southern Boston into an innovative and creative business and residential district. Ultimately, Mayor Oh plans to refer to this project in Seoul Citys development of Sangam-dong DMC, which comprises a cluster of global media and entertainment enterprises, and encompasses residential areas and parks.
Seoul Metropolitan Government is beefing up a campaign to promote itself through overseas marketing using various social networking services (SNS). Seoul Metropolitan Government is operating a total of nine SNS promotion channels in three regional blocs including Europe, the Americas, and Japan and China. The number of visitors to the channels has now surpassed 70 million. To cater to users in Europe and the Americas, Seoul Metropolitan Government opened sites on YouTube (http://www.youtube.com/seouldreamseries), Facebook (http://www.facebook.com/hiseoul) and Flickr (http://www.flickr.com/seoulkorea), and is conducting PR activities that leverage the characteristics of people using the language of each region. More than 230,000 people have visited Seouls Facebook page, which is actively operated lately, over the past eleven months since its inauguration in May last year, as it provides diverse sources of information on fun things to see and do for foreign residents in Korea as well as for foreigners who are planning to visit Seoul. For the Greater China region, Seoul Metropolitan Government is operating a general blog on Chinas top portal site Sina (http://www.sina.com/17seoul) and a meta blog (http://blog.sina.com.cn/lm/z/hanguo). People can also check out the attractions in Seoul at the Seoul PR site opened at Youku (http://u.youku.com/user_show/id_UMTM5Nzk4Mzky.html), the Chinese equivalent of YouTube.In the Chinese language region, the number of visitors to all three sites has increased exponentially, with as many as 2.77 million people visiting the general blog, 28 million visiting the meta blog, and 36 million visiting Youku. In the Japan region, Seoul Metropolitan Government also opened blogs on the portal site Yahoo (http://blogs.yahoo.co.jp/hi_seoul_travel), the YouTube site (http://youtube.com/hiseoul), and a mobile sitehttp://hiseoul.mobi last year. The number of visitors to these sites has exceeded 160,000 over the one-year period.Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to conduct new concepts of urban marketing, including the expansion of integrated marketing campaign (IMC) of online and offline activities, which was tried for the first time last year and drew a highly enthusiastic response. The city also plans to conduct promotional activities in association with private sector companies under the themes of sports, IT performance, hansik (Korean food), dramas, and shopping in a concerted effort to introduce Seoul to the rest of the world.
Sarbi, the official mascot of the IAAF World Championships Daegu 2011, to be held in Daegu from August 27, has embarked on a tour of Seoul to generate public support for the event. Seoul Metropolitan Government held the Sarbi Seoul Road Show in the eastern section of Seoul Plaza at 11 am, April 13. The event was part of a national tour of ten major cities around the country, with Seoul the third city to hold the show after Daegu and Daejeon. The event consisted of a pre-opening session, which featured a performance of a drum dance collection by Korea Art Percussion, and the Sarbi dance performance by the cheerleaders of the Samsung Lions baseball team. The pre-opening was followed by the official ceremony, including the opening ceremony itself, a pledge of allegiance, the transfer of the inaugural flag and badge for the event, opening remarks, and a tape-cutting to launch the exhibition of Olympic marathon gold medalist Sohn Kee-chungs helmet. In the afternoon, a long-jump competition and an athletic sports quiz in which members of the public were invited to participate were also held. Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon said, The IAAF World Championships Daegu 2011, which is a global sports extravaganza, is a national event, and as such requires cooperation with other autonomous governments as well as Daegu Metropolitan Citys commitment to assure the national interest, adding, I hope that the Mascot tour will help attract attention from the public, and thus lead to a phenomenally successful Championships.
The new Yeouido Saetgang (tributary) Pedestrian Bridge, which links Singil-dong with Yeouido-dong in Yeongdeungpo-gu, has been built to ease the sense of regional isolation felt by residents of the two areas and to provide them with a convenient transport route and a safe walking environment. Seoul Metropolitan Government held an inaugural ceremony on April 12 to launch the pedestrian bridge, Seouls first asymmetric cable-stayed bridge, simultaneously offering residents an access path to Yeouido Saetgang Ecological Park and improving the walking environment between Singil-dong and Yeouido-dong in Yeongdeungpo-gu.Seoul Metropolitan Government expects the new pedestrian path will allow residents in Singil-dong to regain convenient access to Yeouido Saetgang Ecological Park, which was severed due to the construction of the Olympic Expressway, and diversify the available walking paths for citizens who commute from Singil Station (via Subway Lines 1 and 5) to Yeouido, significantly easing traffic inconveniences.To help increase the visual landscaping effect of the structure, the design of Yeouido Saetgang Pedestrian Bridge was conceived in consideration of the surrounding environment and regional characteristics. As such, it represents the peak of structural beauty among Seouls pedestrian bridges. In his speech at the inaugural ceremony on April 12, Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon said, Yeouido Saetgang Pedestrian Bridge will link Singil-dong and Yeouido, and serve as a bridge of communication between residents in the two areas. He added, Since it both possesses structural beauty and acts as a channel of communication between the two areas, it will become a new hotspot that residents can proudly introduce to citizens and tourists visiting the area. Meanwhile, in anticipation of the inaugural ceremony, opinions were collected from citizens during March to find a name for the new bridge. The name will be selected by late April.
Seoul City and the Seoul Foundation of Arts and Culture announced on April 12 that the Hi Seoul Festival 2011, the flagship festival of the Korean capital, will take place in Yeouido Hangang Park and urban squares for six days from May 5 to 10. Launched as a citizens festival that attracted over 600,000 people in 2003, the Hi Seoul Festival marks its ninth edition this year. Over the past few years, the festival has seen various changes and evolutions, including a four-season festival in 2008 and the The Royal Palace of May festival in 2009, before emerging as a world-class festival of performances and arts in 2010, when it attracted 1.89 million visitors. The main theme of the Hi Seoul Festival 2011 is Evocation of Spring Sprits The festival envisions an international feast of nonverbal performances and art, in which people communicate through gestures and acts by reaching beyond the barriers of language, race and generation. During the festival, 41 performance troupes from 11 countries, including Canada, Spain, Australia, and China, as well as Seoulites, will take part to jointly stage a global festival for people of the world and Seoul citizens. More than 300 nonverbal performances by performers from Korea and overseas will be staged for audiences to enjoy, free of charge, during the six-day extravaganza. The Big Top Village, a festival village, will be set up in Yeouido Hangang Park for this years festival, just like last year. Invited official performances will be staged at three theaters with a combined total of over 2,000 seats, including the 1,100-seat Festival Theater. Additionally, various special programs, including experience-focused programs and a charitable giving campaign will also be conducted to enhance visitors enjoyment of the festival and its events. Seoul City will collaborate with leading non-governmental organizations and continue to practice its culture of sharing. To that end, the city will implement the 2011 sharing campaign, and donate the profits generated at all the festival sites to local charities. The campaign will also include the Coin Field of Love organized by World Vision, the Mobile Beautiful Store by Beautiful Store, and the Good Consumer Campaign, Good Buy by Good Neighbors. For further details about the festival, please consult the official website (www.hiseoulfest.org). Reservations for indoor performances can be made at the website from April 20. Visitors can attend outdoor performances on site without making an advance reservation. Applications for the festival will be launched to serve Smart-phone users on April 25.
Seoul City has announced that it will designate and operate its Multicultural Multi-ethnicity Integrated Childcare Centers again this year to help children of multicultural families, which are steadily growing in number year by year, seamlessly adapt to Korean society, understand various cultures and develop into good Seoul citizens.The city designated three new Multicultural Multi-ethnicity Integrated Childcare Centers for the Gangseo-gu, Geumcheon-gu and Gwanak-gu respectively, on April 5, 2011.Seoul City originally launched two Multicultural Multi-ethnicity Integrated Childcare Centers on a trial basis on July 1, 2008 for the first time in Korea. Currently, the city operates twelve such facilities in five autonomous wards with large multicultural populations. It also plans to establish five new centers each year from next year. Notably, each childcare center offers different programs for children from multicultural families, as well as operating diverse cultural experience programs that can effectively help children from multicultural families to comingle and grow together, as these children and their parents learn the Korean language and make traditional Korean food together. To enroll their children at a Multicultural, Multi-ethnicity Integrated Childcare Center, parents should submit their applications to Seoul Citys childrearing portal site. (http://iseoul.seoul.go.kr)
My Friend, Haechi is a family animation produced by Seoul City to bring Haechi, the citys symbol, closer to its citizens. The animation series was originally aired on SBS TV from July 25, 2010 to February 10, 2011. The popular pop music band Girls Generation sang the theme song, and a making of program  which showcased the animation production process for the first time in Koreas broadcast history  was aired ahead of the airing of this animation, drawing keen attention from viewers. My Friend, Haechi presented Haechi both as a new hero and as a guardian of justice who is as friendly as a close friend, by integrating Haechis symbolic image with a fantasy stemming from the presentation of Haechi as a mythical animal. The series drew a positive response from viewers due to its high creative quality and interesting storyline.My Friend, Haechi enjoyed immense popularity comparable to that of Dooly, the Baby Dinosaur. However, the significance of the new animation was downplayed to some extent due to the fairly widespread prejudice that Haechi is a character created by the government, even though it received a good assessment for its quality and a positive response from viewers.SBS TV, which aired My Friend, Haechi, explained that its decision to rerun the animation only two months after the shows first airing ended was the result of mounting demand from viewers for a rerun, and that it wants to provide more citizens with a chance to enjoy the fun and excitement My Friend, Haechi has to offer. My Friend, Haechi is being aired on SBS TV from 4:00 to 4:30 pm every Monday and Tuesday, beginning April 4. The show is also being aired on TBS TV, cable channel Champ, and satellite channel Ani One. Seoul City plans to further expand the second airing of My Friend, Haechi via other channels and IPTV, and intends to sell the copyright to this work to foreign companies.
Seoul City announced that the number of transit tourists visiting Seoul for tours during short stays at Incheon International Airport increased 100 percent from 4,475 in 2009 to 8,905, following the citys vigorous campaign to attract them to the city. Seoul City has made efforts to attract transit passengers who pass through Incheon International Airport, including the development of night tours, airport railway-linked tours, and various other tour products, and the provision of discounts and free-tour events. Short transit (stays of five hours or longer, without accommodation) tour products can be reserved or purchased at the information desks of the official travel agency (on the first floor of Incheon International Airport), or its website at freedomtour.co.kr/hanatourintl.com. Various transit tour programs are now being operated to allow transit passengers to experience Dynamic Seoul! Such programs include diverse experience-focused tours, newly introduced nighttime and free tours, discounted events during non-peak seasons (spring and autumn) and overseas marketing (free vouchers, souvenirs, and media advertisements), as well as the provision of incentives for designated tour agencies (provision of discounts, promotional materials, and vehicle rental costs). Participants in the transit tour programs designed for stopover passengers (those staying 24 hours or longer) can reserve hotels and flights via the official website (seoulstopover.com), and receive the benefit of using limousine buses linking Incheon International Airport and downtown Seoul and Seoul City Tour buses free of charge. Also, far-reaching efforts are under way to increase awareness of these products and services by uploading information on the overseas websites of Koreas national air carriers, conducting targeted promotional campaigns in major foreign cities, and supporting the production of promotional materials and souvenirs. Seoul City announced that it aims to attract up to 50,000 transit tourists per year by 2015 by carrying out constant overseas marketing activities and upgrading its tour products.
Seoul City has decided to move the stage used for taekwondo demonstration performances (held at Gyeonghuigung Palace in previous years to attract tourists attention) to Namsangol Hanok Village this year, and hold the event every Wednesday and Saturday, starting with an opening performance at 4 pm, April 9, until October.Notably, the city will introduce mobile performances in tourism districts, with performers visiting major tourist areas frequented by foreigners, including Insa-dong and Myeong-dong and Special Spring and Autumn Performances at Seoul Plaza this year, to provide tourists with a chance to experience Koreas traditional martial art conveniently. In addition, the Taekwondo experience program for foreigners will be held at 11 am, 2 pm, and 5 pm on Wednesday and Saturday every week at Namsangol Hanok Village. Foreigners wishing to experience taekwondo rather than simply watch can participate in taekwondo practice sessions by making a reservation via the website or by phone. Event information and reservation Reservations can be made viathe events website www.taekwonseoul.org For further information, visit Kukkiwons website www.kukkiwon.or.kr Inquiries: Tourism Division, Seoul City Hall +82-2-2171-2462 / Kukkiwon +82-2-3469-0134
Seoul City announced on April 7 that it will hire ethnic foreigners as civil servants through contracts designed to help implement the citys foreign resident policy, in a bid to assure seamless communication and boost sympathy with the more than 330,000 foreigners living in the city. In preparation for the advent of the multicultural society, Seoul City plans to recruit civil servants from among expatriates, foreign spouses married to Koreans, and naturalized citizens to help with the development of policies actually needed by foreigners and to play a bridging role between Koreans and foreign residents. The city plans to deploy them with the city government divisions that serve foreign residents beginning in June. The contracted foreign staffers will include one C grade official and two D grade officials. The incumbents will work at the Foreign Residents Assistance Division to take charge of promoting Seoul Citys foreign resident policy to assist in the development of the foreign resident policy to be implemented by the city to assist in the management of foreign communities to operate programs aimed at facilitating communication between Koreans and foreigners, and to reflect foreigners opinions in the citys policy and conduct onsite surveys. Those eligible for the posts are ethnic foreigners who have acquired Korean citizenship by April 7, or those who have lived in Korea for more than one year. They must also be fluent in Korean, and have experience in the relevant fields, including the assistance of foreigners, cultural exchange, media relations and public relations. Notably, people from Asian countries, including Vietnam, Mongolia and the Philippines, who account for 90 percent of the ethnic foreigners residing in Seoul, will reportedly be hired preferentially. Hence, foreign spouses married to Koreans, and their children, who are often relatively isolated despite living in Korea, will have a great opportunity to cultivate their dreams and increase their chances of employment. Applications can be submitted to the Foreign Residents Assistance Division (3rd Floor of the Korea Press Center, 25 Taepyeongno 1(il)-ga, Jung-gu) from Monday, April 18 to Friday, April 22, 2011. Finalists will be selected in early May by document screening (phase 1) and interview (phase 2). For further information on the recruitment, please contact the 120 Dasan Call Center (dial 120), the Foreign Residents Assistance Division (2171-2294), the Seoul City website (http://www.seoul.go.kr), or Seoul Global Centers website at (http://global.seoul.go.kr).
Seoul City announced on April 7 that it will operate a bicycle trail designed to allow people to ride through the future city of Sangam-dong DMC and the surrounding natural environment, including an eco-friendly park, with the onset of spring. Currently, the DMC PR Center has twenty MTB bicycles available for hire free of charge on a first come first served basis, including fifteen for adults, three for children, and two for couples. Bike rental is available from 10 am to 6 pm Monday through Saturday. An individual can rent a bike for a maximum of three hours, but can extend the rental once if no one else is on the waiting list. The DMC complex has created the optimal bike riding trail where families, couples and friends can have fun together, by linking the course with a nearby eco-friendly park and the Hangang River. Visitors can enjoy a unique adventure according to the purpose of their visit. The DMC also offers the Art Wall Experience Course, the worlds longest art gallery. Extending for 7.2 kilometers, visitors can view works of art in progress, created by transforming the construction site walls into the state of art, as they ride alongside the art wall. Art Wall Experience Course (Takes about 1~2 hours) 
The 2011 Seoul Zoo Spring Flower Festival, this years largest cherry blossom event, will take place at Seoul Zoo from April 8 to May 1, the period when cherry blossoms reach their zenith, creating a gloriously colorful scene.The 2011 Seoul Zoo Spring Flower Festival is the best place for visitors to experience the beauty of spring in perfect harmony with the Spring Flower Scent Festival, which will take place from March 19 to May 10. Visitors can stroll along paths filled with various species of spring flowers in full bloom, including golden bell flowers and azaleas, and pass through a cherry blossom tunnel.Throughout spring the exciting sounds of various genres of music will resound amid the spring breeze at Seoul Zoo. Stages in the form of mini islands will be installed at numerous sites around the zoo, and various street art performances, including percussion music, mime art, magic shows and unicycle riding, will be staged to attract visitors to the zoo (15:30~16:00 on Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays).
Seoul City (Hangang Project Headquarters) will inaugurate the Seoul Marina, a general yachting facility for the public with berths for 90 yachts, behind the National Assembly building at Yeouido Hangang Park on April 16.Scheduled to take place during the Yeouido Cherry Blossom Festival, the inaugural ceremony will start with a pre-opening event at 2 pm, to be followed by various celebratory events around the Wind Plaza and Marina Center in Seoul Marina, including a maritime childrens choir and an aquatic yachting parade. Following the inaugural ceremony, the 2011 Seoul Boat Show will take place from April 16 to 19. During the event twenty yachts will be displayed on the river, and various aquatic experience programs, including the Dinghy Yacht Experience, as well as a wide variety of cultural performances, will be open to the public.Seoul City has set the yachting fees at the Seoul Marina at the lowest level in Korea to enable everyone to enjoy yachting on the Hangang River. A dinghy yacht for one to three people costs 4,000 won to rent for one hour, while a cruise yacht for six people costs 90,000 won (15,000 won per person) for one hour. These rates are only about 60 percent of the average rates charged at marinas throughout Korea (7,500 won/26,000 won). Seoul City plans to operate diverse yachting education programs for a range of target audiences, including children and adults, to enable citizens to learn how to sail a yacht properly. Seoul City announced that it will operate (starting on April 16) a bicycle ferry linking Seoul Marina and Mangwon Hangang Park at hourly intervals (10-minute ride) for the eminently affordable fare of 1,000 won per person. The ferry will serve as another bicycle path across the river after the Mapodaegyo bicycle route. For further information on how to use the yachts, please visit the Seoul Marina website at (http://www.seoul-marina.com), or dial (+82-2-423-7888).
Seoul City has completed the construction of the worlds tallest Chimpanzee Jungle Tower at Seoul Zoo (grandpark.seoul.go.kr). The Chimpanzee Jungle Tower, built by Seoul City in 46 days from February 1 to March 18, consists of three high-rise towers standing 12, 18 and 24 meters tall, respectively.The 24-meter-tall tower has broken by an impressive nine meters the record for the worlds tallest primate tower (15 meters), which was previously held by Kyoto Universitys Primate Research Institute in Japan.Notably, Seoul City said that 24 meters is the height most favored by chimpanzees as it is thought to significantly enhance their vitality and energy. As such, the new towers are expected not only to help improve chimpanzees health, but also to provide visitors with an extraordinary viewing experience. Seoul Zoo announced that it has unveiled the Chimpanzee Jungle Tower in advance as part of its efforts to promote the facility to the public. From April 7, countless citizens visiting Seoul Zoo will have the chance to view chimpanzees playing freely and energetically at the Jungle Tower in the Chimpanzee Wild Field of the Ape Pavilion. Currently, Seoul Zoo has five chimpanzees, namely Yongyong, Gapsun, Judy, Gwangbok, and Kkamwi. The zoo plans to release the chimpanzee families at the Chimpanzee Jungle Tower during its opening hours.
The 7th Seoul International Music Competition will be held in Seoul, Korea from April 12th to April 24th, 2011 at Recital Hall and Concert Hall of Seoul Arts Center. Seoul International Music Competition was established by the Dong-A Ilbo, the most prestigious daily newspaper in Korea, for the sake of promoting cultural exchanges among nations through music, and supporting talented young musicians from all over the world. The Competition is held annually for one category out of piano, violin and voice each year. The first competition in 1996 for the category of piano and the second competition in 1997 for the category of violin were held in Seoul, with the title of Dong-A International Music Competition. After ten years of absence, the 3rd competition was resumed in Seoul in 2007 for the vocal category with the new title of Seoul International Music Competition. And, the 4th competition in 2008 for category of piano, the 5th competition in 2009 for category of violin and the 6th competition in 2010 for category of voice were held successfully. As the first prestigious international competition ever taken place in Korea, the Seoul International Competition has produced and promoted world-renowned artists such as Aviram Reichert(Israel, Piano Professor at Seoul National University), Ju-Young Baek(Korea, Violin Professor at Seoul National University), Liviu Prunaru(Romania, Concertmaster of Royal Concertgebouw Orchestra), Byung Woo Kong(Korea, Baritone), Mariya Kim(Ukraine, Pianist), Clara-Jumi Kang(Germany/Korea, Violinist) and Stefan Marian Pop(Romania, Tenor) who all play critical roles in international music field. For this competition, world famous pianists, Bao Hui-qiao(China), Pavel GILILOV(Germany), Jerome LOWENTHAL(U.S.A.), Jacques ROUVIER(France), Joaquin SORIANO(Spain), Arie VARDI(Israel), Fanny WATERMAN(U.K.), NAKAMURA Hiroko(Japan), Dong-Il HAN(Korea), Daejin KIM(Korea), and Ick Choo MOON(Korea) are invited to the competition as Jury Members. Among 140 applicants from 25 countries, a total of 52 applicants(14 Korean and 38 overseas candidates) passed the preliminary round. A significant proportion of the competitors are from Korea, U.S.A., Russia, China, Japan also a large number of competitors are previous winners of other international competitions such as Dublin International Piano Competition, International Tchaikovsky Competition, Cleveland International Piano Competition, ARD International Music Competition and Hamamatsu International Piano Competition. To the prize winners, the competition offers the world-class awards such as prize money of US $50,000 for the 1st prize winner, performance engagements with major orchestras throughout the world, recital engagements, and etc. 
Seoul City will open the Dreaming Youth Store, an exhibition and sales shop for startup firms, at Sinchon Myeongmulgeori (Specialty Goods Street) to help develop sale routes for young entrepreneurs who successfully complete and launch their businesses through the Youth Business 1000 Project. Seoul City selected the Dreaming Youth Store as the distribution brand for the exhibition and sale of products from companies established by graduates of the project, and will cultivate it as a secondary brand following the Hi Seoul brand. The distribution brand will be used as sub-brand of all the products that are on sale at the store. In order to enhance the credibility and value of the brand, the city plans to select firms selling products at the store through a strict screening process and manage them thoroughly, while stepping up promotion and marketing activities through the common brand, thereby supporting the growth of those firms selling products in the store.The Dreaming Youth Store will display and sell quality products that are selected through a strict review of their competitiveness, growth potential and commercial viability in order to support firms that complete the training at the Youth Business Incubation Center. The Dreaming Youth Store offers Tuzzle, a brand of assembly type childrens furniture that received the Good Design award in 2009, and chinaware by pottery artist Daniel Cho, who opened a store at the New York Museum of Modern Art (MoMA), and other unique products, including bags made from used banners and discarded tubes. The store will be open from 10:00 to 22:00 throughout the year (except on Chuseok and Lunar New Year holidays). Sales experts (visual merchandisers or VMDs) will be on hand to provide counseling to customers and assist them with their shopping.
Seoul City hosted the first Noon Concert in English at the Pine Tree English Caf in City Hall on April 6. Starting in April, a small concert will be held during lunchtime every Wednesday in the first and third weeks of the month at Dasan Small Park in front of the English Caf located inside Seoul City Hall Seosomun Building to give visitors an opportunity to appreciate foreign cultures. The concert is one of a number of measures designed to boost the use of Seoul Citys English Caf, a venue exclusively for English study. The event has been prepared to provide people with multicultural experience in the globalized era, and is conducted in English to fulfill the function of the English Caf. The event will consist primarily of live cultural performances, including traditional music and dances by troupes from all over the world. The English Caf was originally used exclusively as an English-language study venue for the city governments staff members. However, the facility was opened to the public on April 1, and runs programs for members of the public, including one-on-one individual tutoring by professional English language tutors.Details of the concert can be obtained at the English Caf blog (seoulpinetree.com), or by dialing the 120 Dasan Call Center.
Seoul City will hold a Royal Horse Guard Parade involving two horses at 11 am every Tuesday from April 5 through late October, for the Reenactment of the Royal Guard Changing Ceremony, which is held three times daily in front of the main gate of Deoksugung Palace in Taepyeong-ro.Seoul City said this years Royal Horse Guard Parade has been made possible thanks to the provision of the royal horse guard (two horses) by the Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency. With the Royal Horse Guard Parade, the Reenactment of the Royal Guard Changing Ceremony will offer domestic and foreign tourists a novel attraction, and help to promote Koreas traditions, culture and tourism events in Korea and around the world.The Parade, which is led by the Royal Horse Guard, will depart from Daehanmun Gate at Deoksugung Palace, continue to Seoul Plaza, Cheonggye Plaza and Gwangtonggyo Bridge, before finally arriving at Bosingak to attend the bell-ringing ceremony there (12 noon).Citizens can also visit the newly renovated Traditional Costume Experience Booth while enjoying the parade and the Royal Guard Changing Ceremony. The Traditional Costume Experience Booth, built in the style of a traditional Korean house and adorned with giwa (Korean roof tiles) and clay fence patterns, has been designed to harmonize with the ancient and stately aura of Deoksugung Palace. The Traditional Costume Experience is available to anyone, free of charge, for 30 minutes per session three times daily at 11 am, 2 pm and 3 pm.
On April 5, Seoul City finalized and announced its Basic Plan for the Development of Seoul City 2030, which defines the citys spatial structure from the long-term perspective and the direction to be pursued regarding its long-term development. The plan has been prepared based on analyses of the citys internal and external environments as conceived twenty years from now. The Basic Plan for the Development of Seoul City constitutes a supreme legal plan concerning the citys urban spatial plans, and sets the direction for the development of the citys physical environment, covering such areas as land use, housing, transportation, parks and greenery. The plan presents future values and spearheads the formation of frameworks according to the growth phase of Seoul. Whereas the existing Basic Plan for the Development of Seoul City 2020 focused on the healing and recovery of problems stemming from the period of rapid development and growth, including the cultivation of sub-city centers such as Sangam and Yongsan, and on the balanced development of the southern and northern districts of the Hangang River, the Basic Plan for the Development of Seoul City 2030 adopts the Habitable Global Green Seoul paradigm as the citys future vision for twenty years from now, and presents it accordingly. First, the plan suggests that Seoul, which has seen the development of two main pillars, namely the downtown area and Gangnam, thus far, should make the transition towards a three-pillar cityscape, via the addition of Yeongdeungpo as the financial hub. Second, the city will be reestablished as the center for all functions and roles related to the extensive Seoul metropolitan region. Seoul City announced that from now on the Seoul Metropolitan Government, Gyeonggi-do and Incheon must move forward together in an urban development scheme under which they can cooperate with each other in the context of the Greater Seoul metropolitan region. Third, the plan divides the roles of the cores and hubs to ensure that the city contributes to improving the quality of life of the inhabitants of Seoul and the greater metropolitan region, by allowing the city to expand its urban service functions, which have been assumed by the conventional downtown and sub-city centers, and center them on eight wide-area link hubs and five local hubs. In order to reinforce the practicality of the basic plan for the development, Seoul City has strengthened its feedback and adjustment system based on the monitoring of various spatial development policies. It has also adopted four core concepts for the future development of the city: Competitive Global Seoul Attractive History and Culture Seoul Sharing, Happy Seoul and Eco-friendly Green Seoul. Mayor of Seoul Oh Se-hoon said, Through a Mega-city Urban Planning Scheme, under which the city will share and cooperate with neighboring autonomous provincial and metropolitan governments, Seoul will seek to prepare itself for an era where large metropolitan regions compete with each other, and lay the foundations to create jobs and assure balanced regional development through the cultivation of wide-area hubs.
Seoul City has introduced the Foreigners Happy Call service in order to provide a broad range of information covering daily life in Seoul and professional counseling for foreign residents in the city, at the 120 Dasan Call Center, and is seeking applicants for the service. The targeted beneficiaries of the service include multicultural families and foreign migrant workers in the city. The program will be offered in the five foreign languages with which the 120 Dasan Call Center provides its foreign language counseling service. To apply for the new service, one can directly dial 120 or visit the 120 Dasan Call Centers website (http://120.seoul.go.kr/foreign/english.html). Applications can also be submitted at one of the citys twenty-three Multicultural Family Support Centers and seven Seoul City Migrant Workers Centers. Since its introduction of 120 in February last year, the 120 Dasan Call Center has completed an average of over 300 high quality counseling calls per day via its automatic response system (ARS) No. 9 in five languages (English, Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, and Mongolian), and has emerged as a helper of foreigners adaptation to Seoul life.The 120 Dasan Call Center expects the Happy Call service will provide information not only on living in Seoul  including transportation, tourism, convenience facilities, education and medical facilities -but also on immigration, visa and labor issues, as well as an interpretation service, thereby helping foreigners to address every conceivable difficulty in their daily life. When an applicant requires professional counseling, the new service will accordingly notify a Multicultural Family Support Center or Seoul City Migrants Workers Center near the applicants residence and ask it to provide secondary counseling. Since January 26, twenty foreign language counselors at the center have been providing the Happy Call service to foreigners who dial the 120 Dasan Call Center to ask for the service, as part of the systematic preparatory work to launch the program in earnest. The city has provided the counseling service to 279 people on more than 600 occasions as of late March, through communities of foreign spouses married to Koreans, or by visiting foreign communities such as Mongolia Town.
Seoul City is organizing a flurry of spring festivals across the city for April and May when the cityscape will be full of colorful blooming flowers bearing the sweet scent of spring to citizens and tourists alike. Every citizen earnestly awaits spring flower festivals at various locations in the city. The most representative of the festivals is the Hangang Spring Flower Festival, which is held annually at Yeouido, Yeongdeungpo-gu. The festival, which marks its seventh edition this year, will be held from April 13 to 17 in the Yeouiseo-ro section (south end of Seogangdaegyo  South Gate of the National Assembly complex). In particular, this years festival will feature diverse events held under the theme of Flowers scatter to the rhythms of sound.The Eeungbongsan Golden Bell Tree Festival in Seongdong-gu, which celebrates its 15th anniversary this year, is set to take place from Wednesday, April 6.The Hangang Seoraeseom Rape Flower Festival is a spring extravaganza scheduled for May 5 to 10 at the Seoraeseom section of Banpo Hangang park, Seocho-gu. During this years festival, a photo zone will be installed in various rape flower fields, while other programs and events will be offered to enable visitors to appreciate the spring environment and fresh emotions amid a multitude of yellow flowers. The final days of spring will be decorated with the Seoul Iris Garden Flag (flower) Festival in Dobong-gu, which is scheduled for June 4 to 6. Visitors to the Seoul Iris Garden, which marks the transition from spring to summer, will have a chance to appreciate glorious purple iris flowers, which are considered one of the worlds four most beautiful flowers.
The i Photo Mosaic application for promoting Seoul tourism, which the city has just introduced, is drawing a positive response from smartphone users worldwide. i Photo Mosaic has been newly developed to introduce the Seoul tourism website (i Tour Seoul) to a wider audience and to invite people to visit the website. By downloading i Photo Mosaic via an app store or other source and installing it on a smartphone, anyone can instantly create a mosaic photo with multiple photos, enshrine happy memories, and exchange it with friends and family. The i Photo Mosaic app, which was introduced on March 2, has already secured 100,000 users worldwide just one month after its debut. i Photo Mosaic has been picked as a recommended app at app stores in the US and Japan, and is currently ranked number one in the entertainment category at app stores in Thailand and the Philippines, gaining immense popularity virtually overnight. As downloads of this app continue to increase, the number of users worldwide is also expected to grow in tandem. The i Photo Mosaic application supports five languages (Korean, English, Japanese, simplified Chinese, and traditional Chinese). It is downloadable free of charge from the iPhone app store and the android market.  What is the i Tour Seoul service?i Tour Seoul (Seoul tourism brand) is a tourism information portal site for wired and wireless communication that provides information in five languages (Korean, English, Japanese, simplified Chinese, and traditional Chinese) for the first time in Korea. This portal is very useful and is sure to come in handy for foreigners who are visiting Seoul for the first time. i Tour Seoul is the brand name for Seoul Tourisms official websites (www.visitseoul.net and m.visitseoul.net), which provide tourism information on accommodation, restaurants, and tourist hotspots, and diverse tourism convenience services, including reservations and booking, a tourism planner, and electronic maps of tourist destinations. Users can access the service via the Tour Seoul 1.0 or 2.0 application, which was introduced last year.
With the onset of spring, Seoul City has organized a wide range of traditional culture programs at Namsangol Hanok Village (http://hanokmaeul.seoul.go.kr/). The Traditional String Instrument Exhibition featuring the work of Choe Tae-gwi, designated as Important Intangible Cultural Property No. 42 (master of musical instruments), will take place at the Traditional Artifact Hall from April 1~30. Namsangol Hanok Villages 2011 Long-Term Performance of Traditional Culture, comprising a feast of traditional cultural performances, will also take place on the Cheonugak Stage against a backdrop of Hanok, that most Korean of spaces, from April. Namsangol Music Night, a long-term nighttime performance, which will start with a long-term weekend performance, will involve the Bongsan Mask Dance Preservation Club, Nimbae Art Troupe, Maeheon Dance Preservation Club, and the female traditional music band Yeorang, who will perform for one hour from 7 to 8 pm every Friday and Saturday evening from April 1 to June 26. This event will allow visitors to appreciate a wide variety of traditional Korean music and performing arts amid the beautiful nighttime scenery of the Hanok Village. Furthermore, a variety of other traditional culture programs, including the Korean Jongga (head family) Story, a Hanpung (Korean Wind) Traditional Culture Outing, a rehearsal for a traditional wedding, and a thatched art craft experience will also be staged.  For further inquiries, please dial +82-2-2266-6923~4 (Namsangol Hanok Village management office)
Cheonggyecheon Museum will hold a special exhibition titled Old Seoul Through Foreign Eyes from March 29 to June 26. Old Seoul Through Foreign Eyes, the first ever exhibition specifically about Gyeongseong (old Seoul), will unveil the Gyeongseong 1939 video, which was recorded by the rail authority of the Government General of Korea (under Japans colonial rule), and is displaying images of Gyeongseong in 1939 alongside images of Seoul in 2011 to help visitors gain an understanding of the citys past and present. The School of Architecture at Hanyang University is exhibiting for the first time street blueprints showing the location of more than 3,000 stores in Jongno and Bonjeong, based on the achievements of the schools research, allowing citizens to view them in person. The exhibition is being held at two exhibition halls. Exhibition Hall 1 showcases images of Gyeongseong Station  Namdaemun-ro  Hwasin Department Store  Jongno Street  Scenery of Gyeongseong  100 best views of Gyeongseong  Bonjeong Street. Exhibition Hall 2 displays a map of Gyeongseong in 1924, a chronological table of Gyeongseong, a Gyeongseong guide map from the late 1920s, sectional diagrams of the Jongno district in 1982, aerial views of Jongno in 2003, views of Jongno in the 1930s with restored streets, Bonjeong Street in the 1930s, and Seoul in 2011. (Information source: http://www.cgcm.go.kr http://twitter.com/seoulmuseum)
The Seoul Global Center will run the Folktale Narration Class for Foreign Wives and Children, a course designed exclusively for foreign wives married to Korean men and their children, from 1 pm to 3 pm every Saturday from April 2. The Folktale Narration Class for Foreign Wives and Children, which is designed to help foreign wives to improve their Korean language skills and adapt to life in Korea, consists of a folktale narrators license class for foreign wives (mothers), and a childrens class specifically for their children. The folktale narrators license class for foreign wives offers lessons to ten foreign wives, whose Korean proficiency is at intermediate level or higher, to help them to improve their Korean language proficiency and win the Grade 3 folktale narrators license through a 24-week folktale narration course. The childrens class offers lessons on folktale narration to ten children aged six to 10, and helps them to develop a good reading habit and improve their Korean vocabulary, thus supporting their adaptation to Korean society. (Foreign Residents Assistance Division, Phone: +82-2-2075-4141)
Seoul City will hold caricature drawing events attended by cartoonists at five tourist hotspots across the city on every weekend from April to October.The event will take place from 1 pm to 6 pm every Saturday and Sunday at Gwanghwamun Square, Seouls flagship square Dream Forest, the representative park of northern Seoul Seonyudo Park, Koreas first recycling eco-park J-Bug, an emerging hotspot at Ttukseom Hangang Park and the Seoul Animation Center at Namsan, the hub of comics and animation. At every site, three to four cartoonists will draw caricatures in their unique drawing styles for visitors, using various materials including pastels, Indian ink, and color pens. The event will provide an exotic experience and great fun not only for family groups on outings and couples on a date but also for tourists who are visiting Seoul. As the cartoonists will communicate with citizens and draw caricatures of them, the event is also expected to help people better understand and develop an affinity for comics and cartoons, and to help galvanize the comics industry. For further information on this program, please contact Seoul Citys Culture and Design Industry Division at +82-2-2171-2438, or the Seoul Animation Center at +82-2-3455-8318.
Seoul City announced on March 30 that the NF Consortium, which comprises six companies including the Chosun Ilbo and Hankyung (WOW) TV, had informed the city of imminent groundbreaking to construct a new media complex on March 23, with YTN doing likewise on March 30. NF Consortium and YTN are now set to launch the construction work, with completion of the new buildings scheduled for March 2014. NF Consortium will construct the Digital Cube, consisting of 23 stories and seven underground levels, for a total floor space of 69,789.65, at the DMC E2-3 section. The building will house the Chosun Ilbo, Hankyung (WOW) TV, The Korea Economic Daily, Mega Study, and the Digital Chosun Ilbo among others. Thus far, more than twenty media companies have decided to move into Sangam DMC, including MBC, SBS, and the Joongang Ilbo. With the relocation of the MBC headquarters building scheduled for 2013 as the momentum, Sangam DMC is set to make the leap to becoming a top media cluster. Digital Media City (DMC) is a flagship project of Seoul City, which calls for development of the Sangam-dong area in Mapo-gu into an international business hub in the digital media field. Currently, more than 300 companies with over 22,200 employees engaged in the digital media business are operating at Sangam DMC, as the area is emerging as a new economic hub of Seoul.
Seoul City will hold a Namsan Million-Person Walking Festival at Namsan Fountain Plaza at 10 am every second Saturday from April to June to help improve citizens health and provide an opportunity to enjoy sound leisure activities. The Namsan Million-Person Walking Festival, which has been held successfully with the participation of countless citizens since 2009, is the representative walkathon event held by the city. People from all walks of life including Seoul citizens, foreigners, members of multicultural families, hiking clubs, companies and organizations can take part free of charge. The event will be launched in April as a Walking festival heralding the advent of spring at a time when flowers are blossoming and temperatures rising after a long winter as a Walking festival marking the Family Month in May and as a Walking festival marking the Month of Patriots and Veterans in June. The Walking festival heralding the advent of spring, scheduled for April 9, will be organized as an occasion that enables citizens to dispel their passive physical and mental stance of the winter season, and fully appreciate the spirit of spring on Namsan Mountain at the heart of Seoul. Participants in the walkathon are invited to post comments about the walkathon on the citizens participatory bulletin at the events homepage, and ten people will be selected in a draw and receive two tickets each for the play Sal (Fatty) (playwright Lee Hae-seong, and director An Kyeong-mo), which will be performed at the Namsan Arts Center. A wide variety of exhibitions and experience-focused events will take place at the event site prior to the walkathon. Seoul City will operate its promotional booths, including the Eco Mileage Booth, which is designed to promote energy saving and environmental conservation, and a booth where visitors can see diverse eco-friendly automobiles at a single location. For further information on the Walk Festival, visit the events website at www.seoulwalking.or.kr, or dial +82-2-522-5446~8, or phone the 120 Dasan Call Center.
Seoul City has confirmed the possibility of commercializing its electric bus service, as the eco-friendly electric buses running on the Namsan Belt Way have gained immense popularity among the public, having carried an average of up to 2,000 passengers per day and a cumulative total of 150,000 passengers during their first 100 days of service. Seoul City has been operating the eco-friendly Namsan shuttle buses to improve air quality and reduce greenhouse gas emissions in the city, as a representative project of its program to introduce environmentally-friendly vehicles. The city introduced five electric buses at Namsan, the heart of green air in Seoul, for the first time late last year, and deployed an additional four vehicles after evaluating the two-month test operation, bringing the total number of such buses in service there to nine. A growing number of people who have had a chance to ride on the buses have posted photos and comments on the electric buses on blogs and SNS services such as Twitter on their own. As a result, the city said Namsan Electric Buses have generated a desire to experience them first-hand among people planning to visit Namsan. Reuters announced in a TV report that the Electric buses that were put into service by Seoul City are the first such buses in the world to be commercialized, adding, Through this bus service, Seoul City is expected to not only improve the citys air quality, but also to spearhead electric bus technology in the world electric vehicle market. Despite their short operational history, the Namsan Electric Buses have attracted keen attention from various foreign cities. Thirty-seven representatives from three countries, namely Japan, Turkey and Chile, have visited the city, revealing the buses status as promotional goodwill ambassadors for Koreas advanced technology. Based on the results of a review of the nine buses in operation, Seoul City plans to introduce an additional five electric buses during the first half of this year, and eventually run all 14 buses in service at Namsan as electric ones. Apart from Namsan, Seoul City plans to deploy electric buses on short-distant routes of less than 20 kilometers, including those in Yeouido and Gangnam. Thus, the city aims to introduce a total of 377 electric buses throughout the city by 2014, while continuing to expand their operation thereafter.
As of March, Seoul City is displaying a total of 1,936 poems on 4,498 screen doors in 288 subway stations in a bid to create a more cultural environment for subway users. The poems on display were selected by review from 2009 after receiving recommendations of their own favorite work from over 1,500 poets in order to encourage participation by as many poets as possible. The city plans to conduct a search to find more than 300 additional poems through an open contest to replace the poems already on display around May this year. The upcoming event will allow citizens who enjoy writing poems to submit and display their own work in subway stations.Additionally, in this era of the multicultural society, the city is considering placing poems from various foreign countries in subway stations on a trial basis. By country, the city plans to display poems from China at Daerim and Garibong Stations from Japan at Ichon Station from the U.S., Britain and Nigeria at Itaewon Station from France at Sinbanpo Station and Express Bus Terminal Station from Russia and Mongolia at Dongdaemun History and Culture Park Station from Nepal at Dongdaemun Station from India at Noksapyeong Station from the Philippines at Hyehwa Station and from Vietnam at Wangsimni Station. Meanwhile, recitals featuring poetry and music will be held in five parks, including the Seonyudo and Banpo sections of the Hangang Park, Dream Forest in northern Seoul, Seoul Forest at Ttukseom, and Dongdaemun History and Culture Park every Saturday from May 21 through early October.
Seoul City, having successfully convened the G20 Seoul Summit last year, is emerging as a prime venue for MICE (meetings, incentives, conferences and exhibitions) events, including international conferences, corporate conferences, and exhibitions. Seoul City announced its 2011 MICE Industry Development Plan, which has been drawn up with the aim of cultivating the MICE sector into a major new growth engine industry that will buttress the citys economy in the future. Above all, the city will strengthen its support for organizations seeking to attract international events. The maximum amount of subsidies available to such organizations will be increased from a maximum of KRW 100 million per organization to up to KRW 200 million. In addition to the subsidies, the city is also set to launch the Seoul Convention Clinic, which will offer support for various efforts to attract international events, including comprehensive advice and counseling from the early phase of bids to attract such events, not to mention a letter of support from Seouls mayor and various video materials. Additionally, corporate conferences held in Seoul and attended by 30 people or more for two days or longer will be eligible to receive in-kind subsidies worth up to KRW 30 million. The city will also select the most representative exhibitions of Seoul in order to cultivate internationally competitive exhibitions, and provide subsidies ranging from KRW 20 million to KRW 100 million to the organizers. The selected exhibitions will also be given promotional support via media channels run by Seoul City. Furthermore, Seoul tourism programs designed for foreign buyers will be operated to enhance the competitiveness of such exhibitions. Seoul City will also conduct overseas onsite strategic marketing campaigns to promote to the world the image and stature of the Korean capital, which was significantly enhanced by its hosting of the G20 Seoul Summit. Additionally, Seoul City is stepping up its efforts to expand its infrastructure amid intensifying competition to promote the MICE industry in the international community. Finally, a series of major projects, starting with the inauguration of the Floating Island at the Banpo District of the Hangang Park in May this year, followed by the Dongdaemun Design Plaza (slated for completion in 2013) and the Seoul Station North Convention Center in 2015, is expected to serve as a beachhead for the Seoul regional economy. InquiriesInternational Conferences: Seoul Convention Bureau of the Seoul Tourism Organization +82-2-3788-0875, smile@seoulwelcome.com Corporate Conferences: Seoul Convention Bureau of the Seoul Tourism Organization+82-2-3788-0824, smile@seoulwelcome.com Exhibitions: Tourism Division, Seoul Metropolitan Government+82-2-2171-2454, ljsoon1@seoul.go.kr
The Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corporation (www.sisul.or.kr) donated 6,338 foreign coins, which tourists from 51 countries threw into Cheonggyecheon (Stream) while making a wish, to the Korean Committee for UNICEF in Changseong-dong, Seoul at 11 am on March 28. Since October 2005, the Corporation has donated KRW 36.88 million worth of the so-called Coins of Luck thrown by tourists into Palseokdam (Pond), which is situated just below Cheonggye Plaza Waterfalls. Japanese coins formed the greatest share at 1,738, followed by 1,360 Thai coins, 1,244 Chinese coins, 854 US coins, 282 Taiwanese coins, and 156 Russian coins. By continent, the coins came from 21 countries in Europe (327 coins) 18 countries in Asia (4,995) seven countries in North, Central and South America (939) three countries in Africa (14) and two countries in Oceania (63), forming a collection of coins from all around the world. Considering that the foreign coins collected from Cheonggyecheon (Stream) were meant to convey the wishes of people worldwide, the corporation has donated them to UNICEF, which supports programs to improve nutrition and health and to provide drinking water and basic education for children in developing countries. UNICEF said, The coins are a very meaningful gift as they are a donation that has been amassed through contributions by people from all over the world. The coins donated to UNICEF will be exchanged through Coin Co International (CCI), a coin collection agency based in the UK.
Seoul City officially launched the new Hi Seoul Youth Hostel, which is capable of accommodating 330 people, in Yeongdeungpo-gu Seoul on March 28, after completing a test operation that began on March 2 and lasted for over 20 days. The Yeongdeungpo Branch of the Hi Seoul Youth Hostel (total floor space of 9,807) comprises seven stories and one underground level, and has 95 guest rooms capable of accommodating up to 330 people. Located in close proximity to the city center, the hostel is expected to absorb part of the rising demand for accommodation among foreign tourists, including those from China, thus helping to ease accommodation shortages in the capital city. Hi Seoul Youth Hostels are located in places with good transportation, and provide visitors with convenient access to major tourist attractions in the city as well as nearby places of interest for sightseeing. Hi Seoul Youth Hostels offer a wide range of rooms, including rooms with a single bed, rooms for up to four people, rooms for groups of six to ten people, and family rooms, enabling diverse groups, individuals, backpackers, business travelers, and family groups to use them comfortably and conveniently.Hi Seoul Youth Hostels also have specialty rooms designed to cater to the more specific requirements of families and the disabled. They also include a convention hall with 120 to 200 seats, a large-scale conference room with 60 to 80 seats, various medium conference rooms, and seminar rooms. Since the rates are relatively affordable at youth hostels, visitors can use convenient and clean hotel-grade facilities at low cost. For inquires and reservations, please dial +82-2-2677-1779 or send an email to (hiseoulyh@gmail.com). The Hi Seoul Youth Hostel website (http://www.hiseoulyh.com/) provides information in English, Chinese and Japanese.
Seoul City will launch the 2011 Cultural Experience of Seoul program, which is designed to allow foreigners who are visiting or staying short-term in Seoul to see, feel, and enjoy the city, on March 26. From this year, Seoul City will introduce the Seoul Exploration tour program, which is designed to allow visitors to participate in city tours either on foot or by public transportation, on top of the existing Bus Tour conducted by tour guides. It will operate the programs as customized programs that cater to the age, occupation and preference of tour participants. By giving public transport passes to foreign visitors, the Seoul Exploration program will allow them to visit Buddhist temples in Seoul, walk paths and traditional markets that are little known to foreigners, and to conduct missions, including photo-taking, for which souvenirs will be awarded upon their successful completion. When the tour is over, the participants will be invited to upload the photos they have taken as part of their mission and essays on their experiences on Seoul Citys Facebook and YouTube pages, to spread vivid and lively images of Seoul and share cultural information on the city with other foreigners. Seoul City plans to offer 20 Seoul Exploration tours to over 1,300 foreign visitors and ten Bus Tours to more than 500 foreigners per year. For further information on the tours and method of application, please visit (http://www.addicted2seoul.co.kr).
Gwanghwamun Square has undergone a transformation to embrace spring after a long, exceptionally cold winter. The protective cover placed over the Grassy Field to protect the grass from freezing weather during the winter has now been removed, and will make debut with a new look after the planting of wild flowers and plants in late March. Events and programs held at the square, including Im the King (a year-round event), Family Precepts Writing in Korean (14:00 to 18:00, Saturdays), and Caricature Portrait Drawing (13:00  18:00 Saturdays and Sundays) are expected to meet the expectations of spring visitors yearning for a cultural experience.The Sejong Belt Integrated Ticketing Info Center located within Haechi Field allows visitors to check information on performances and exhibitions held at over 40 cultural facilities including the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts, and purchase discounted tickets at a single location. The 12.23 Fountains, another hotspot within Gwanghwamun Square, will welcome citizens, who are outing to enjoy the spring.
Seoul City has consistently provided clean and safe Arisu by replacing aged water supply pipes and introducing advanced water purification and high-tech water leak detection systems in recent years. Building on its success, the city is now set to implement in earnest a project to supply healthy, tasty Arisu that improves on the current quality of Arisu, beginning this year. The Office of Waterworks of Seoul City announced on March 24 a Four-year plan to supply healthy and tasty Arisu, which calls for the provision of diverse services, including the strengthening of water quality management, the improvement of supply systems, and free testing of water quality.The city aims to improve the taste of Arisu in the future, striving for more than simply the improvement of water quality, in order to provide tap water that can further satisfy citizens, and to enhance Seouls water supply system to the highest level in the world. The project to supply healthy and tasty Arisu will involve the implementation of 18 projects in three core fields, namely water quality, supply systems, and service.
Seoul City and the Korean National Commission for UNESCO co-hosted a National Forum on the Enhancement of the UNESCO Creative Cities Network at the international conference hall of the Korea Chamber of Commerce and Industry in Seoul from 2 pm, March 25. The forum was aimed at accelerating the development of Seoul and at finding diverse measures to improve the quality of life for Seouls citizens by utilizing the UNESCO Creative Cities Network. The UNESCO Creative Cities Network was launched in October 2004 to construct an international cooperation network for cities worldwide and to enable them to share their cultural assets. Currently, 28 cities in seven areas (design, literature, movies, music, folklore, art, and media art) have been selected as Creative Cities, and are cooperating with UNESCO to advance development in the relevant fields. Seoul City made the list in the design field on July 20, 2010. The forum was held under the theme Measures of the urban development that utilizes UNESCO Creative Cities Network to commemorate Seouls designation as a UNESCO Creative City of Design. At the forum, Chun Taeck-soo, Secretary-General of the Korean National Commission for UNESCO, and Rebecca Wurzburger, Vice Mayor of Santa Fe in the U.S.A., delivered keynote speeches on What makes a creative city. The National Forum on the Enhancement of the UNESCO Creative Cities Network is all the more significant in that it was the first forum to be held since Seouls designation as a Creative City of Design. In attendance at the event were more than 400 people, including Mayor of Seoul Oh Se-hoon, representatives from design organizations and associations, entrepreneurs, City Council members, journalists, and members of the general public, who together discussed ways to develop UNESCO Creative Cities.
Seoul City has introduced a three-dimensional design method, or a next-generation, cutting-edge construction technology, at the Dongdaemun History and Culture Park, which is under construction as an economic and cultural landmark, thus effectively materializing the characteristic of the park as Koreas largest asymmetric building. Building Information Modeling (BIM) is a next-generation construction technique in which buildings are constructed by converting the design blueprints for construction, civil engineering, structure and facilities from 2-D (square design) into 3-D (cubical design) in order to maximize the efficiency of design, construction, maintenance and repair. The city has introduced this technique in the fields of construction, facilities, electricity, and gardening, including the entire structure of the Dongdaemun History and Culture Park, which consists of the Dongdaemun Design Plaza and the actual park. Although the 3-D technique has already been introduced partially in certain buildings in Korea, this is the first time that such a method has been adopted for an entire building. With the introduction of the 3-D BIM technique, areas of blurry borders  including buildings slabs, walls, roofs, interiors and exteriors of spaces in sophisticated shapes and sizes, and overlapping sections with different architectural features,  can be graphically reviewed and, as a result, parts that are difficult to validate two-dimensionally can be efficiently materialized. With the completion of Dongdaemun Design Plaza, which will consist of four stories and three underground levels with a combined floor space of 85,320, in July 2012, the city expects that the facility will emerge as a world-class landmark and representative symbol of the capital.
Seoul City and the Sejong Center for Performing Arts will hold the first Gwanghwamun S-Day, a new festival conceived with the aim of allowing Seouls citizens to experience culture and art, in a bid to establish a family-oriented, participatory, street culture by utilizing the cultural facilities of the member organizations of the Sejong Belt. The so-called Sejong Belt is a coalition of 43 culture and art organizations located in the vicinity of Gwanghwamun Square, including performance halls, museums, art museums, palaces and historic sites. Starting on Sunday, March 27, 2011, Gwanghwamun S-Day will present a wide variety of programs designed to enable people to experience and appreciate culture and the arts at cultural facilities across the Sejong Belt, including Gwanghwamun Square, on the last Sunday of every month. The S in Gwanghwamun S-Day stands for Seoul, Sejong Belt, and Sunday. The festivals diverse culture and arts experience programs include Sunday Culture Pass, Story Tour, and various street events. Seoul City aims to develop the festival as a representative national festival of Korea, in which citizens can take part and enjoy in person, by transforming Gwanghwamun Square into the Montmartre of Seoul. By correcting the operational problems identified during the festivals test run, Seoul City plans to encourage its citizens to participate in the festival. It will also continue to add and develop various street event programs, including performances (costume play and B-boying), art markets, and a garden book fair.
Seoul City is holding the 2011 Spring Seoul Fashion Week at the Seoul Trade Exhibition Center (SETEC) at Hangnyeoul Station and Kring in Samseong-dong for six days from March 28 to April 2. Seoul Fashion Week will be characterized by the upgrading of its programs, and various innovative trials intended to integrate IT with culture and arts, including the organizing of the event at two sites, the construction of the QR Code and Smart Order systems utilizing Koreas image as an IT powerhouse, the introduction of Koreas food culture for the foreign fashion press and buyers, and fashion donation events for citizens. At the Seoul Collection, the most representative program of Seoul Fashion Week, visitors can appreciate clothing designs presented by Koreas top fashion designers, as well as participate in the collection presented by the nations 27 leading fashion designers. Fashion Takeoff is a new program due to be introduced at Seoul Fashion Week for the first time. The program selects nine promising next-generation designers to spearhead the elevation of Koreas status as a global fashion power, and offers a professional buying show focused on businesses. Seoul Fashion Week has also introduced QR codes in promotional materials to allow visitors to check vivid information on the programs easily and conveniently in their hands. Furthermore, diverse exchange programs will be organized to help strengthen social networking between fashion people, including the designers who are participating in this springs Seoul Fashion Week, Korean and foreign journalists, and buyers. Seoul City will hold a donation relay involving diverse donation activities during the event to help Japan, which is struggling in the wake of the recent devastating earthquake.
Seoul City received the medical tourism prize in the metropolitan and provincial government category of the 4th Korea Global Medical Service Awards (KGMSA) 2011. The KGMS Awards are presented by the KGMSA winner selection committee and the Korea-China-Japan Medical Exchange Center, and are supported by the Korea Tourism Organization and the China-Korea Medical Science and Healthcare Exchange Association. At the annual ceremony prizes are awarded to general hospitals and clinics with global competitiveness in attracting overseas patients in their respective medical service fields, and to metropolitan and provincial governments that have made concerted efforts to promote medical tourism. This years awards ceremony was held at the Grand Ballroom of Seoul Plaza Hotel at 10:30 am, March 24. Seoul City has thus clinched the honor of winning a major KGMSA prize for three consecutive years since receiving the Special Prize for Medical Tourism in 2009. Seoul City established a one-stop service for Seoul medical tourism by installing a Medical Tourism Promotion Center to attract foreign patients. The city has also selected a number of partner medical institutions with which it has jointly conducted overseas marketing campaigns and launched an airport pickup service and a coordinator assistance service. The city also offers a comprehensive medical tourism guidance service, including counseling, medical examinations and treatment, as well as reservation services to foreign tourists via the Seoul Medical Tourism Service Center website. It has selected 50 partner institutions in five medical service fields, developed diverse medical tourism products, and conducted overseas promotion and marketing activities, including medical tourism information sessions in Shanghai, China, and Moscow, Russia, jointly with the selected institutions. The city is providing a distinct assistance service, including an airport pickup service, and has deployed highly skilled medical tourism coordinators in order to help address problems with transportation and communication, which foreign patients found to be the most inconvenient aspects of using medical services in Korea.
Seoul City launched the English-language version of the website (http://www.we-gov.org) for social networking of the WeGO (World e-Governments Organization of Cities and Local Governments) on March 22. The website is designed to enable cities to share and exchange exemplary cases of e-governments and to communicate with citizens who have an interest in building e-governments. WeGO is an international organization that was established in September 2010 under Seoul Citys initiative  the first such initiative among Koreas autonomous governments  with the goal of sharing exemplary cases of e-governments between international cities and closing the information gap. The newly launched WeGo English website is a social networking homepage designed to expedite communication with the leaders of e-governments in cities worldwide. Cities and organizations worldwide can benchmark the latest information and contents in the e-government field at a single location through the WeGO website. They can upload and share diverse information and contents in real time, rather than one-way and unilateral provision of information, in cities worldwide, and exchange opinions through social media services (Twitter, etc.). By overcoming a management method focused on site manager, the WeGo website has been created as social network homepage based on blogs, and can be accessed through diverse browsers, and smart mobile devices. As such, it will serve as a venue of information sharing based on the smart concept, where people can communicate in real time through social media services.
Seoul City will participate in the Earth Hour campaign, which will be conducted simultaneously around the world for one hour from 8:30 pm on March 26. The Earth Hour campaign was originally started in Sydney, Australia in 2007 with the goal of raising awareness about the seriousness of global warming and of reducing greenhouse gas emissions. The event starts in New Zealand on the last Saturday of March each year, continues in Seoul, and circumnavigates the globe in a westward direction, with people turning off their lights for an hour in turns like a Mexican wave. This years event will take place across Seoul City. More than 630,000 households and businesses, including landmark facilities (34 places), exemplary streets and apartment complexes (25 places), and large buildings (20 stories or higher) will take part. The figure represents an increase of about 45 percent by the 200,000 households that participated in the campaign last year. To minimize citizens inconvenience, the campaign will be conducted in three categories: one-hour switch off (compulsory participation), 30-minute switch off (participation encouraged), and 10-minute switch off (voluntary participation).
Seoul City announced on March 21 that the city had been ranked 16th, the highest ranking it has ever achieved, in the latest survey of the Global Financial Center Index (GFCI). The GFCI, which is compiled by the British consulting group Z/Yen, is a representative index of international financial industry competitiveness among major international cities. Seoul City ranked 24th in the previous GFCI rankings announced last September, having posted a rise for three consecutive years. In the latest survey, Seoul jumped eight notches to 16th, setting a new record in the rankings. Notably, Seoul was again singled out as one of the Top 3 cities (Shanghai, Singapore, Seoul) with a strong chance of becoming a financial hub in the future, following its selection last year. The city also made the list of the Top 4 cities (Hong Kong, Shanghai, Singapore, Seoul) where major financial institutions will likely consider establishing a subsidiary in several years time. Seoul City attributes the citys rise in the GFCI rankings for four consecutive years to its financial hub initiative, which the city has continued to aggressively implement, and to the success of its customized targeting and PR marketing of foreign financiers and bankers. Seoul City has made strenuous efforts to expand the infrastructure for foreign financiers and bankers, including the construction of the Seoul International Financial Center and the establishment of Seoul Global Business Support Center, as part of a campaign to cultivate the Yeouido financial center. The city has also continued enhancing the convenience of foreign residents, particularly in the areas of education, medical care and residential conditions, in order to create a living environment that lives up to its profile as an international financial city. Currently, Seoul City operates 17 foreigner assistance centers (1 Global Center, 7 Villages, 1 Business, 1 Cultural Exchange, and 7 for Workers) in areas with significant numbers of foreign inhabitants, and has attracted quality foreign schools, including Dulwich College Seoul, to create a good educational environment for foreign residents.
Seoul City was chosen as the host city for the 94th Congress of the International Association for Dental Research 2016 at 15:00 on March 17 during its 89th Congress held at San Diego, U.S.A. Established in 1920 in New York, the International Association for Dental Research (IADR) is an authoritative academic society with more than 12,000 members worldwide, including dentistry professors, and researchers engaged in dental science. The association holds large-scale academic conferences annually, alternating between five different regions worldwide, including North and South America, Europe, Asia, and Africa. More than 6,000 foreign participants from over 140 countries will visit Seoul during the congress, spawning economic ripple effects worth 30 billion won, and thereby making an important contribution to galvanizing the regional economy and advancing the tourism industry in the city. Based on these achievements, Seoul City has devised a Mid- to long-term plan to cultivate the MICE (Meetings, Incentives, Conventions, and Exhibitions) industry in Seoul, with the goal of joining the League of the Worlds Top Five Convention Cities. Seoul City will seek out exhibitions and conventions that are representative of the city in conjunction with its eight new growth engine industries from 2011, and systematically cultivate and promote the sector.
The Business Start-up School Program for International Residents, designed for expatriates who are preparing to establish their own businesses in Seoul, will start running courses for the new semester on March 21. The program, which is run by the Seoul Global Center, is a start-up training program developed by Seoul City in 2009 specifically for foreign residents of the city for the first time among metropolitan and provincial governments in Korea. The Business Start-up School Program for International Residents consists of a range of classes offering basic information on the  start-up process,  business permits and licenses, and  labor affairs as well as a practical core educational curriculum necessary for launching a new business in Seoul, encompassing  target marketing,  setting up an Internet shopping mall, and  patent acquisition.Starting this year, those who complete the program will also become eligible for Seoul Citys subsidies for the cultivation of small and medium-sized enterprises, which can amount to as much as KRW 50 million. By taking into consideration the situation of foreigners who generally cannot take time out during weekdays, the Business Start-up School Program for International Residents will offer evening classes in the week from 19:00 to 21:00 (excluding Wednesdays) at Seoul City Hall Euljiro Annex. In addition, special Korean-language lectures of the Business Start-up School Program for International Residents will be offered for expatriates from non English-speaking countries this year. From the second half, online lectures will also be provided via a website for foreigners who cannot attend the courses due to time and physical constraints. The next sessions of the Business Start-up School Program for International Residents will be conducted in June, September and November. For further information on the program, please consult the Seoul Global Centers website (http://global.seoul.go.kr) or dial +82-2-2075-4139.
Seoul Citys Seoul Zoo is holding a special feast, dubbed the Spring Scent Flower Festival, under the theme of spring flowers and folk tales. Seoul Grand Park will convene a spring flower exhibition at the botanical garden for 53 days from March 19 to May 10. More than 8,000 flowers of 260 species, including Eco Art work and orchids, are on display. At the entrance to the botanical garden, which serves as the festivals main stage, visitors will encounter a Garden of Rabbit Character as 2011 is the Year of the Rabbit. In addition, a four-meter-high flower pagoda  named Pegasus after the flying horse from the Greek Myth  has been installed on each side of the entrance to the garden. Furthermore a thematic exhibition on the three asterisms, namely Aries, Leo, and Taurus, has been installed under the title of Flower World Journey to the Stars at the Orchid Pavilion. The exhibition will also feature a wide variety of creative activity-based programs, including the flower painting handprints experience, which allows visitors to create T-shirts adorned with their own flower designs the pet plant creation experience, which allows visitors to make a topiary and a mini flowerpot and the natural soap and cosmetics making and flower pressing experiences, where visitors can produce mobile phone accessories, key chains, and necklaces on their own using flowers.
The Seoul edition of Cartoville, a popular tour guidebook published by the renowned French publisher Gallimard, was published on March 15.The Seoul edition of Cartoville, which a group of professional tourism writers wrote after gathering information by visiting Seoul in person for one and a half months, contains graphic information on six districts in Seoul.A ceremony to commemorate the publication of the Seoul edition of Cartoville, which doubled as a press briefing, was convened for journalists and officials from the tourism industry in Paris, France at noon on March 15.The book will officially go on sale at major bookstores in Europe, including France, and online book outlets worldwide, on March 17.Seoul City plans to push for the publication of Seoul tourism guidebooks in other languages, including Spanish, through discovery of new tourism guidebook series and continuous consultation with Gallimard, which has an extensive publishing network in the European region.In 2011, the Seoul edition of Rough Guide, the famous British tourism guidebook series (English version to be published in June 2011), and the Seoul edition of TimeOut (English and Chinese versions to be published November 2011) will also be published.
A symbolic space, where 11,172 people including Korean citizens and ethnic Koreans from overseas will participate in the inscription of Hangeul characters on stones, will be constructed in Seoul. Seoul City will start the construction of the Hangeul Character Zone, where 11,172 characters will be individually inscribed on stones by 11,172 citizens, at Sejongno Park near Gwanghwamun Square. The characters will be combinations of Hangeul letters, comprising choseong (initial syllable), jungseong (middle sound, or vowel), and jongseong (final syllable).The Hangeul Character Zone is a part of the Hangeul Maruji (landmark) project currently being implemented by Seoul City. The project calls for the development of a Hangeul Culture and Tourism Area in the Sejongdaero Gwanghwamun ~ Sejongno Sageori (intersection) district, with a view to cultivating Hangeul, Koreas world-class cultural legacy, into a representative cultural product of the nation.The Hangeul Character Zone will be created as part of a pan-national project, which will involve the participation of all Koreans including ethnic Koreans from overseas. Citizens living in Korea will be given a chance to participate in the initiative through Seoul Citys website, while overseas Koreans will be selected through recommendations by related agencies, including the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade. The city will select a total of 11,172 people.A total of 490 people will be selected through recommendations by related agencies from among people from multicultural families in Korea, and expatriates residing in the country, as well as ethnic Koreans from overseas.Once the public recruitment has been completed, the characters will be inscribed on stones measuring 1010 centimeters each to complete the Hangeul Character Zone, which will open to the public around July.
Seoul City and Women News will hold a womens marathon on May 8. The 11th Hi Seoul Womens Marathon will kick off at 8:30 a.m. on Parents Day at the World Cup Park in Sangam-dong.Titled Happy Women, Happy Family, the event will allow the whole family to enjoy themselves and be healthy at the same time. It also offers a chance for participants to think about the commitment and sacrifice made by women for the happiness of their families.On the sidelines of the marathon, diverse family events will also be held, such as face painting, balloon art, tarot card fortune-telling, caricature and sports massage. Applications can be made through the organizers official website (www.womenmarathon.co.kr) by April 15.
Seoul Plaza will make a fresh debut upon completion of its spring decoration by late March.Seoul City has removed the outdoor ice-skating rink from the plaza, which enjoyed great popularity with the public this winter, and is replacing the green lawn that died during winter and planting new flower beds composed of pansies and tulips. From April 1, Seouls citizens will witness the newly decorated Seoul Plazas rebirth as a fresher and more convenient culture and relaxation space.As part of a national energy saving campaign, the operating hours of the fountain at the plaza will be reduced from 7:30am~9pm to 10am~6:30pm. The Seoul Plaza Fountain operates until late November. Before entering full-fledged operation on April 1, the fountain will undergo test operation from March 16 to check for any abnormality in its components, including electrical parts and pumps.Seoul Plaza was designated as a non-smoking zone effective from March 1. However, a promotion and grace period for non-smoking regulation will be implemented until May 31, and a 100,000-won fine will be imposed on violators of the smoking ban from June 1.
Seoul City will invite and offer vocational training to more than 60 adolescents from eight overseas cities, including Ulan Bator, Khartoum and Beijing, this year. Since 2001, Seoul City has been conducting an annual vocational training program free of charge for young people invited from cities with which Seoul maintains sisterhood and friendship relationships. A combined total of 435 adolescents from 13 countries benefited from the program up until last year. Under the training program, Seoul City has been strengthening international cooperation and disseminating information on Koreas advanced industrial technology to the international community, while elevating the image and international stature of Seoul as well as Korea. In phase one, 39 adolescents from three countries who have been selected by Seouls sister and friendship cities will arrive in Korea between March 14~16, while 21 others from five countries will arrive between late March and early April. Upon their arrival, the trainees will receive orientation sessions and a medical checkup, and then undergo a skills training course lasting about 10 months. Upon completing the training, they will acquire one of Koreas vocational skills licenses. Apart from the vocational training, the trainees will be taken on two tours of city administration sites, and make a courtesy call on Seouls Mayor. They will also go on study tours of major industrial complexes in Korea, including POSCO and Hyundai Motor, to enhance their experience and understanding of Koreas advanced industries. Going forward, Seoul City plans to provide adolescents from sister and friendship cities, expatriates based in Seoul, and its own citizens with opportunities for a new life, and to constantly manage the related programs to ensure that they forge touching memories of a Charming Seoul.
Seoul City has translated Green Seoul cultivated by Hwan and Gyeong (collectively meaning Environment), a textbook used by elementary fourth graders, into English, and will be providing it in PDF format from March 10 to international organizations, international schools in Korea, and foreign culture councils for their use in education. Seoul City aims to raise childrens awareness of the importance of environmental-friendliness by providing the textbook to international climate change response organizations, including the C40 Cities Climate leadership group, UN-HABITAT and ICLEI, thus allowing them to use it in educating the worlds children about how to cope with climate change. Seoul City decided to translate the environment textbook, one of its own publications, because civil servants from foreign countries, upon visiting Seoul to learn about the citys climate change response initiatives and environmental policy, requested its translation into English to permit the textbooks global use after hearing that Seoul City had published such a book. Indeed, Seoul City is deeply committed to educating children about the importance of responding to climate change and practicing love for the environment. Seoul City plans to provide the textbook not only to international organizations such as UN-HABITAT, but also to foreign missions in Seoul (60 embassies), foreign cultural councils (nine) in Korea, including the British Council, and international schools (19), including the Korea Kent Foreign School, for use in environmental education. Additionally, the city will post the English environment textbook on its English website (http://english.seoul.go.kr/gtk/about/inside_list.php) and the Environmental Protection Headquarterss website (http://kid.seoul.go.kr/renew/popup/kid_greenseoul.html).
Seoul City plans to expand the number of registered realtors for foreigners, dubbed Global Real Estate Agency, by 22 to 160 in order to help expatriates improve their living conditions. Global Real Estate Agencies employ experienced realtors who are proficient in foreign languages, and are designated by the city to allow foreign residents to visit and entrust their realty transactions, including housing rental contracts, to them. The project for designating Global Real Estate Agencies has been implemented by the city since December 2008 to create a comfortable living environment for foreigners and to meet demand in the globalized era. The number of expatriate realty transactions conducted through Global Real Estate Agencies amounted to 268 cases last year. Yongsan-gu came top with 217 (80.9 percent) cases, followed by Gangnam-gu with 22 (8.2 percent), Seongbuk-gu with 11 (4.1 percent), and other districts with 18 (6.7 percent), suggesting that such realty transactions are most active in areas with large foreign communities. Seoul City provides Global Real Estate Agencies with real estate documents, including realty transaction contract forms, housing rental forms, and tables of realty brokerage fees translated into three languages, namely English, Japanese and Chinese. It has also published and circulated Real estate rental guide booklets and Global Real Estate Agency emblems to ensure that foreign residents can conveniently use the agencies.
Seoul City will start providing employment support for foreign migrant workers who want to change their line of work or have lost their jobs for various reasons. The government operates seven Seoul City Migrant Workers Centers (Yeongdeungpo, Geumcheon, Seongdong, Eunpyeong, Gangdong, Seongbuk, and Yangcheon) in areas populated by large numbers of foreign workers, including Dangsan-dong and Gasan-dong, and supports their speedy adaptation to life in Seoul. The centers operate programs designed to enable foreigners seeking jobs to work in a stable work environment by managing the entire employment process, encompassing the drafting of job application documents collaboration with the related agencies, including employment assistance centers checking the work environment via visits to worksites, and counseling with employers. The Seongbuk and Yangcheon Migrant Workers Centers offer vocational training and education, including barista training, computer repair and Korean restaurant start-up classes, as well as assistance with their employment in various fields. Taking into consideration the situation of migrant workers, who have to work on weekdays, the centers offer both weekday and weekend education courses on Korean language, IT and Korean cuisine. The centers also provide medical assistance to migrant workers on low incomes.
The LivCom Awards, recognized by the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP), the most prestigious program in the environmental field in the world, will be held at Songpa-gu, Seoul City from October 27 to 31, 2011. The LivCom Awards are presented to cities that have recorded innovative achievements in terms of eco-friendly policy and made concerted efforts to create habitable communities, and ultimately to cities that contribute to the protection of the global environment. The 2011 LivCom Awards in Songpa-gu will bring together more than 400 cities for the preliminary round of the competition to be held through June, while 60 to 70 cities will take part in the main event in late October. The LivCom Awards, the worlds only city competition recognized by UNEP, focuses on the construction of local communities with a good living environment based on efficient environmental management. The goal of the awards is to discover and spread the best practices in promoting a vibrant urban life style and in creating an environmentally sustainable living environment. In order to successfully host this international event, Songpa-gu plans to organize diverse supplementary and other related events, and raise its urban environment to the next level. Academic conferences, exhibitions, culture and experience-focused events and eco-tours will feature among the related events. By successfully hosting world-class events as well as the LivCom Awards, Songpa-gu aims to further elevate the level of its urban green competitiveness.
For the third consecutive year Seoul has ranked first as the city Asians most want to visit within a year. Exposure to advertisements and promotions leads the list of reasons for their favoring Seoul, evidence that the citys overseas marketing efforts are paying off.The online panel poll was conducted by the Nielsen Company in November 2010 and January 2011, respectively, in China, Japan and Thailand with a total of 3,200 participants (1,600 Chinese, 1,000 Japanese, and 600 Thais). A separate one-to-one survey was also carried out in Seoul in January 2011 with 600 tourists from the three countries visiting the city (250 Chinese, 250 Japanese, and 100 Thais). Poll participants designated Seoul as the city they most want to travel to within a year. Chinese participants ranked Seoul as highest on their must-visit list at 16.4 percent, followed by Tokyo at 11 percent and Sydney at 9.4 percent. Japanese respondents also ranked Seoul first, at 10.6 percent, ahead of Honolulu at 10.2 percent and Paris at 5.4 percent. Thai participants put Seoul on top at 19 percent, with Tokyo next at 16.8 percent and the Maldives at 9.8 percent, respectively.The poll results revealed that Seoul Citys tailored promotion and marketing efforts focused on China, Japan and Southeast Asian countries, carried out since 2008, have played a major role in boosting tourist interest in the capital. Thai participants cited these as primary reasons for their wanting to travel to Seoul, with Chinese respondents counting them second.In a similar poll conducted last year, respondents were asked whether their desire to visit Seoul was based on TV commercials and dramas, but were not asked whether other types of advertising and promotion of the city contributed to their interest. This latest poll included this aspect, in order to more accurately gauge the impact of Seoul Citys overseas marketing efforts.A separate poll conducted on 600 tourists from China, Japan and Thailand revealed the major positive impact the citys advertisements and other marketing efforts had on their decision to visit Seoul. 28 percent of Chinese respondents cited TV commercials as the reason they chose to travel to Seoul, while 12 percent of Japanese and 25 percent of Thai tourists said they decided to visit Seoul after being exposed to the citys marketing programs including TV commercials.In another poll, Seoul was selected as a city people from the three Asian countries would like to visit despite the expense. In particular, Seoul ranked first among Japanese and Thai tourists and second among Chinese respondents just after Hong Kong.The year 2010 saw Seouls city brand gain momentum, especially in China. The number of Chinese visitors to Seoul increased about 40 percent from the previous year, with their overall impression of Seoul more positive. Of the Chinese respondents, 29.4 percent said that they consider Seoul as their foremost vacation destination, up 20.9 percent from last year. As well, 16.4 percent of Chinese people responded that Seoul heads their wish list for places to travel to within the year, up 11.5 percent from a year earlier. Of the Japanese participants, 32.9 percent ranked Seoul as their premier overseas vacation destination, followed by Hong Kong at 23.4 percent. Seoul was also the city the Japanese respondents selected as the one they would most recommend to others, at 30.5 percent. Hong Kong was runner-up at 21.5 percent. Among the Thai respondents, 95.3 percent expressed their desire to visit Seoul, up from 93.7 percent a year earlier. In Thailand, the ratio of those hoping to visit Seoul has remained at over 90 percent for two straight years. Thai participants cited exposure to promotions and advertisements on Seoul, and TV dramas filmed in the city, as the main reasons they would like to visit Seoul (65.8 percent). This number was up from 50.2 percent last year. Specifically, more than 40 percent credited promotions and advertisements as the reasons for their interest in traveling to Seoul, indicating that the citys overseas marketing efforts have been especially effective in Thailand. Seoul City has been actively producing and distributing TV commercials on Seoul tailored to the Chinese, Japanese and Southeast Asian markets since 2008, enhancing its image in those countries. The year 2009 saw such Korean Wave stars as Super Junior, Girls Generation, 2PM and Lee Byung-hun cast in TV commercials aired in those countries, encouraging greater interest in Seoul. Moreover, Seoul City has expanded its cooperation with Discovery Channel, TV Tokyo of Japan, Beijing TV of China and Ch.5 of Thailand in producing diverse marketing programs aimed at promoting the citys overseas marketing slogan, Infinitely yours, Seoul, around the world. Despite risks associated with the global financial crisis, the outbreak of a new flu, and increased geopolitical tensions following the Norths attack on South Koreas naval ship and a western maritime border island, the number of foreign visitors to Seoul reached 7.82 million in 2009 and grew 12.7 percent to 8.8 million in 2010. In particular, growth in tourists from China and Thailand, two major target countries for Seoul, jumped 39.7 percent and 36.5 percent, respectively. This marked growth is attributable to Seouls aggressive and effective overseas marketing campaigns, the expansion of which is expected to eventually attract more than 10 million foreign visitors annually.
The Hi Seoul Festival 2011, Seoul Citys most prominent cultural festival, is hosted by Seoul Metropolitan City and the Seoul Foundation of Arts and Culture. The event will be held for six days from May 5 (Thu) to May 10 (Tue) in Yeouido Hangang Park and downtown Seoul.This years theme is Communicating with Seoulites through nonverbal performances. The festival will be packed with diverse opportunities that will place the spotlight on Seoul citizens, giving them a chance to show off their hidden talents. The event is expected to attract active participation. The Hi Seoul Festival 2011 will invite one thousand citizens to take part in a wide range of programs, including the Nonverbal Open Contest and the Performance Participation Program.The Nonverbal Open Contest is a great chance for blooming amateur artists to test their talent in two categories: Band Music and Nonverbal Performance. Ten finalists in each category will compete on the main stage and the winning team will receive a cash prize. The Performance Participation Program invites Seoul citizens to join performance teams from Spain, Australia and Korea. The lucky participants will perform air acrobatics, take part in the parade, and appear in nonverbal performances by leading performance groups from both Korea and other countries.In addition, the Hi Seoul Festival 2011 is also looking for 400 volunteers who will promote the festival with their dynamic talents and passion. The volunteers will be selected upon close review of their qualifications in the relevant fields, namely, Festival Support Personnel, Interpretation, and PR & Marketing, and assigned to their corresponding positions to carry out various support assignments.
Seoul City said its urban administrative masters program designed to share the Korean capitals developmental know-how and its administrative experience with developing countries is bearing fruit.The masters program, launched hand-in-hand with Korea University in 2008, produced its first group of graduates in February 2010. The program celebrated a total of 19 graduates from eight countries, who have now returned to their home countries to apply the Seoul know-how.The enrolled foreign civil servants learn about Seouls major development projects, such as the Hangang Renaissance, 120 Dasan Call Center, tourism marketing, long-term home leasing, city design, and public transportation system reforms. Seventeen students for the second round of enrollees, who represent 12 cities from 10 different countries, are now at the stage of writing their masters thesis, Seoul City said. The third group of enrollees totaling 20, and representing nine cities across eight countries, is now attending classes at Korea University. Seoul City said will be accepting applicants for the new school year until April 15. Classes are scheduled to begin in August.The selected foreign public servants take part in the 13-month course-work program in Seoul and then complete their masters thesis within a 12-month period back in their home countries.Seoul City said its urban administrative masters program is contributing to the development of developing countries by helping to foster top-notch human resources. It added that it plans to raise Seouls international profile by steadily promoting and sharing the citys administrative model across the globe.Enrollees of the second graduating class of Seoul Citys urban administrative masters program, along with new students of the third graduating class, pose for a photo at the recent farewell and welcoming ceremony.
A Haechi souvenir shop will open on March 7 in the Doota shopping complex in Dongdaemun and will offer to tourists diverse souvenirs themed around Seoul Citys symbolic Haechi icon. The shop will be the second of its kind following the opening of a similar souvenir shop in Gwanghwamun.Haechi is a lion-like, imaginary animal that symbolizes justice and probity. People believe the creature brings good luck and happiness to their lives. Indeed, Haechi has represented Seoul throughout its six century history.The shop will sell a total of 648 different kinds of products that were jointly developed by Seoul City and its private-sector partner companies. The products were carefully selected to meet the demand of tourists visiting Seoul from home and abroad.Seoul City plans to open additional Haechi shops in Myeong-dong, Insa-dong, Incheon International Airport and other souvenir-selling areas. It also plans to develop more Haechi-based souvenirs for foreign tourists to add to the fun they experience during their stay in Seoul.
Seoul City held a ground-breaking ceremony on March 7 to herald the commencement of the construction of the Dwight International School. The ceremony was held in the DMC, in Sangam-dong, where the Seoul branch of the Dwight School will be located.The move comes after Seoul City selected the New York-based Dwight School as the preferred negotiator in May 2010 for its project to attract renowned foreign educational institutes to the capital. It was selected from 180 foreign candidate schools.The opening of the school will be good news for foreigners planning to invest in Seoul as it is expected to provide a better educational environment for their children.Established in 1872, the Dwight School opened its first overseas branch in London in 1927. It was also the first American school to launch overseas branches. The school currently runs branches in three foreign countries, including Beijing (2005) in China and Victoria (2009) in Canada.
Seoul City said on March 7 that Mayor Oh Se-hoon will send a letter to foreign companies to express his appreciation for their investment in the nations capital. The letter will be sent to 148 enterprises out of the 853 new foreign companies that invested in Seoul last year. These companies have mostly invested in the new growth engines that Seoul has been nurturing, and they offer great scope for job creation. In the letter, Oh will express his appreciation for the investment made in Seoul by these companies and add that their investment has helped boost the city economy. He will also explain about the DMC, the SIFC in Yeouido and the Yongsan International Business District, while detailing the tax breaks, cash subsides and other kinds of support that the city provides in order to improve the business environment for the foreign companies in Seoul.The mayor will emphasize Seouls diverse efforts to provide better transportation, medical and housing services for foreign business people. In particular, he will highlight how hard Seoul is working to open renowned foreign schools as part of its efforts to offer a better educational environment for their children. Meanwhile, Oh will ask these companies to increase the scope of their collaborations with Korean companies for the development of new technologies and the nurturing of talented workers.
Seoul City will hold a poster and essay competition to promote the importance of environmental protection among the children of the world.The event will be jointly held with the Global Childrens Club from March 14-25, during which the city will receive posters and essays from children in Korea, China, Russia and Japan.Launched 15 years ago, the event seeks to raise public awareness of environmental protection. This years theme is the 3Rs (Reduce + Reuse + Recycle).The event welcomes children in the fourth-grade of elementary school through to those in the third-grade of middle school. The work of each child should first be screened by the art teachers in each school before being submitted to Seoul City for the official competition.This competition will help elementary and middle-school students realize not only the importance of environmental protection but also the importance of real action to tackle such a global issue, a Seoul City official said.
A pair of Russian polar bears will be arriving in Seoul.Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon agreed on Feb. 24 to receive one male and one female of the endangered species from Russia during a meeting with Moscow Mayor Sobyanin Sergey, Seoul City said.It noted that Korea currently has a total of five polar bears in zoos across the country but that all of them are now old.The two mayors also agreed to boost the exchange of animal between the two cities with the aim to protect and preserve the worlds endangered species. Seoul City emphasized that its reception of the two polar bears carries significant meaning in this regard, since climate change is being blamed for the declining population of polar bears.The sister city relationship between Seoul and Moscow has further advanced to include animal exchange diplomacy, Seoul Mayor Oh said. Both cities will continue to cooperate in city traffic and environmental concerns, he added.
Seouls customized Seoul orange colored Haechi Taxi line, enjoying its first anniversary this year, is rising in popularity, Seoul City said.It attributes the growing demand for this 4,000 strong fleet to the vehicles eye-catching color, making it easier to spot and hail a Haechi taxi. Seoul City added that the taxi line is gradually establishing itself as a symbol of the Korean capital.A survey of 800 taxi patrons conducted in January by Metrix Corporation showed that 55.8 percent, or a total of 446, of the respondents had experienced using a Haechi Taxi. Of the 446, 50.3 percent, or 224, of the respondents said they favored the Seoul signature taxis.The initial negative reaction of taxi drivers to the taxis color has also been seeing a significant improvement, Seoul City noted. It said the Seoul orange colored Haechi Taxi is gaining the reputation of being a friendly taxi.According to Seoul City, the usefulness and convenience of the bright color, which also portrays a fresh image, is prompting other cities around the country to adopt the same color for their taxi fleets.
The Seoul Global Center has joined hands with 12 universities in the nations capital to hold orientations for new international students starting their program this month, Seoul City said.This orientation program, now being planned, will be designed to provide new foreign students with basic living information to help them smoothly adapt to life in Seoul. The type of basic information to be provided will cover medical treatment, public transportation, obtaining a drivers license, obtaining a mobile phone, and banking.11The orientation program will also provide foreign students new to Seoul with cultural, educational, and recreational information on cultural relics, travel and public libraries amongst others. The students will also have the chance to ask questions and resolve any issues.Seoul City noted that it has already hosted special events for this minority group, such as the International Student Forum held yearly from June to September and the Global Internship Program held yearly during the summer and winter holidays. A specific forum for the new students undergoing the upcoming orientation program will be established as well, Seoul City added.The International Student Forum has been adopted as an annual event since the first one was held in 2008. The gathering is aimed at hearing and gathering the views of foreigners on the citys policies in order to make Seoul a better place to live. It also supports programs that encourage foreigners to visit popular public facilities and participate in cultural activities and programs.
The animation Ride the Mini Bus, featuring the blue bus which is representative of Seoul Citys public transportation service, is creating a sensation almost as strong as the countrys popular childrens animation series Pororo.Seoul City said its Ride the Mini Bus animation, inspired by Seouls blue buses, was created to raise awareness of public transportation among young children in a friendly and approachable way, while fostering the Seoul public transportation brand.The 26-part series, co-produced by Seoul City and Iconix.EBS, was first aired from August to November 2010. From the initial airing, to the reruns that began in February, Ride the Mini Bus has been attracting a 2-percent program rating, which EBS says is one of the stations best ratings.Seoul City said the Seoul bus-inspired animation shows not only the potential of successful marketing strategies for public transportation but also serves as an effective means for generating revenue.In addition to the animated television production, Seoul City said its public transportation marketing campaign is achieving even greater success with the simultaneous introduction of related DVD programs, books and character products.Seoul City said it plans to aggressively use the Ride the Mini Bus venture for the citys overseas promotion activities, and thereby help boost international awareness of the Korean capital.
The 120 Dasan Call Center, a specialized foreign-language consultation service, has hit its first anniversary this year. Seoul City launched the service on Feb. 24, 2010 by consolidating all the help services that had been provided by the Global Center. The new network provides high-quality service in five languages  English, Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, and Mongolian, Seoul City noted.As of February this year, the 120 call service has catered to the needs of over 60,000 callers, with its public satisfaction level averaging 93 percent.Seoul City said the 120 consolidated call center providing services in various foreign languages is making life significantly easier for foreign residents. It highlighted that the call center is effectively helping not only to protect the rights and interests of foreigners, but also to address everyday needs and frustrations faced at home and in the workplace due to cultural and linguistic barriers.Seoul City said it will continue to improve the 120 call services, in order to make it more user-friendly and useful to the diverse needs of foreigners in the nations capital.
The streets of the Digital Media City in Sangam-dong have been furnished with 189 IP-Intelight intelligent light posts, Seoul City has announced.With IP-Intelight, the light posts change colors and brightness as people stroll by, and they also play music. Seoul City said a closed-circuit television device has been installed and that wireless Internet service is available for the public.In addition to the IP-Intelight, the DMC complex is equipped with other high-tech features. These include the U-Bus Shelter providing a BIT, or bus information terminal and the DID, or the digital information device, providing commuters with bus schedules and travel information. Conveniently, members of the public can also access DMC living information.
Seoul City announced that it has prepared a wide variety of cultural performances for young people to enjoy during their spring break.One of the highlights is the Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra Masterpiece Series 1 concert to take place on Feb. 24 at the Seoul Arts Center Concert Hall. Koreas leading orchestra will perform Jean Sibelius symphonic poem Pohjolas Daughter, and Sergei Prokofievs Romeo and Juliet. The performance will be led by Maestro Jukka-Pekka Saraste.For a lighter performance offering some comic relief, young students may want to try out the Farting Lady on show at the Seoul Namsan Traditional Theater until Feb. 27. This performance features a mix of traditional Korean dance and games, as well as mime, puppet shows, and other theatrical effects.For an historical adventure, parents and children can try out the story of Sejong and Admiral Yi Sunshin, History, Culture Expedition available at Gwanghwamun from Tuesday to Sunday from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.The Cheonggyecheon Museum is holding a special exhibition entitled The Moment of Living Heritage, featuring 53 photographic works that are esteemed for their artistic appeal and contribution to the countrys traditional cultural arena. The exhibited items are recognized as intangible cultural assets.
Seoul City said yesterday that it will invigorate the community activities and cultural events of foreign communities in the Korean capital. The agenda includes sponsoring the 2011 Foreign Community Cultural Event, in order to provide foreign residents the opportunity to meet and experience a wide variety of cultures from all over the world.The cure-oriented activities eligible for government support between March and December this year are those designed for the foreign community and those organized by the foreign embassies and civic groups. Seoul City said its sponsorship program will cover 80 percent and up to 6 million won of the total costs of an event, depending on the content and impact of the proposed program.Applications for the latest government foreign-community initiative will be accepted until Feb. 25. Details of the sponsorship program can be found on the home pages of Seoul City (seoul.go.kr) and the Seoul Global Center (global.seoul.go.kr), as well as on the websites of the Korea Migrants Center and Village Center.Some of the memorable cultural events sponsored by Seoul City in 2010 were the Mongolian Traditional Festival called Naadam, the Korean-Chinese One Heart Sports Competition, and the Vietnamese Migrant Workers Night. Seoul City sponsored a total of 63 million won for 14 cultural programs last year, helping the various ethnic groups to share their unique heritage with members of the foreign community.
Children from abroad or from a multicultural home can learn the Korean language or Koreas culture anywhere, at their convenience, as part of Seoul Citys agenda to make the city a nice place to live in for foreigners.Seoul City said the initial step calls for providing customized, direct-visit Korean-language lessons for up to 200 families in their homes or any other convenient venue. Children between 3 and 12, along with their mothers of a foreign nationality, are eligible for the language program. The number of eligible families will expand to 2,500 by 2013, Seoul City added.The program will take place from March to December, and the one-on-one customized language lessons will be provided once a week. The cultural educational program to be offered by Seoul City features the provision of an educational program magazine published once a month, progress evaluation conducted twice a year, and a special Korean society and culture presentation held once a year. Seoul City said the program focuses on the practical aspects necessary for adapting to Korean society.A major advantage of the direct-visit Korean-language program is that children can learn Korean together with their mothers, Seoul City highlighted. It also stressed that such a system is also aimed at guiding the mothers towards better helping their children undergo the learning process.Those families interested in the direct-visit educational program can register online through the Seoul City homepage or through other websites, such as the Seoul Global Center, Global Center, Village Center, and the Korea Migrants Center. An alternative is to register by calling the Bridge Call Center on 1588-1109.
Parks of Seoul renewed its Website (http://parks.seoul.go.kr) aiming to make it faster and more convenient for visitors to navigate and find information about its facilities. The renewal will strengthen its user-friendly search functions, consolidate its inconvenient sections and provide a one-stop service through which users can conveniently find diverse information on the parks and easily make reservations to use their facilities with just a few clicks.Foreign language support is also being expanded. The Website provides information, translated into foreign languages, including English, on four more parks that include Dream Forest, Jungnang Camp Ground, and Seoseoul Lake Parke. Previously, such language support had been available for only six parks  Gildong Ecological Park, Independence Park, Namsan Park, Seoul Forest, Worldcup Park, and Yeouido Park.
An exhibition of Korean folk paintings is being held in the Dream Gallery of the Dream Forest, a park located in the northern area of Seoul.Titled Happiness-generating paintings: Korean minhwa, the artworks feature mostly rabbits in order to celebrate the Year of Rabbit. The event will allow people to enjoy new interpretations of Korean folk paintings from contemporary perspectives.Six artists display works which focus on luck and happiness, while harmonizing their creativity and artistic styles.The artworks of Kang Yong-yeon are particularly eye-catching. His 100 different and unique works of art are displayed on the floor. They include miniature images of people wearing traditional and modern clothes along with diverse kinds of animals, a mixture apparently aimed at depicting a happy world where people and nature are in harmony.The exhibition will be held through Feb. 20 and will be open from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. with no admission fees.
The Truc Art exhibition will run through March 1 in the two-story Techno Complex (including the basement) of the Garden 5 building in Songpa-gu. The exhibition will be open from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. and admission fees are 12,000 won.Truc art refers to super realism in which artists express two-dimensional objects in three-dimensional ways.Exhibitions are comprised of art that falls mostly into five categories that focus on the reinterpretation of famous works of art, and coexistence with animals and nature. People can also enjoy taking part in art, famous movie scenes, and optical illusions through the displays.There is an alley behind the Seokyo Hotel that is a landmark for people visiting Mapo-gu, which is where Hongik University is located. This area is usually called Hongik Univ. parking alley.The Santorini Seoul, an art exhibition complex that is reminiscent of the white homes and blue skies of Greece, opened in this alley. You can enjoy Greek-style views in the middle of central Seoul.It has a Trompeloeil artwork museum, three galleries, a performance hall and a theme hall featuring cats, all of which will tempt you to bring your camera and take pictures of the displays. Trompeloeil is a French word that means eye tricks. Artworks created by Van Gogh, Munch and Picasso will surprise you when you watch and touch them. The exhibition will be open from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. with an admission fee of 10,000 won.
Seoul City will run u-Seoul, booths designed to help citizens enjoy an experience in various places around the city, including Chonggyecheon (Stream), Insa-dong and Seoul Forest throughout the year.First introduced in 2008, the booth will enable couples to make user-created content (UCC), take pictures, make their own photo albums, and send them to a personal email account.Media boards set up in Chyeonggyecheon and Insa-dong are already drawing a good response from foreign travelers by offering diverse information on cultural activities, transportation, shops, and restaurants in English, Japanese, and Chinese.Seoul City plans to establish WiFi zones in the three areas to enable citizens to log onto a wireless Internet connection with their smart phones, laptops and tablet PCs.A similar ubiquitous system has also been applied to health care. Seoul City opened the u-Health Park Center in Seoul Forest to help families get medical checks on such things as blood pressure, body shape, weight, and muscular strength.
Seoul Metropolitan Government(SMG) hereby announces the Subsidy Plan for Vitalizing Cultural Events of Foreign Residents in Seoul. For those eligible for SMGs Subsidy Plan, please refer to the following and submit the application and relevant documents. 2011. 2. 16Mayor of Seoul1. Eligibility2. Subsidy Amount3. Obligations Accounting Documentation For registered institutions: tax bill or credit card receipt For unregistered institutions or individuals: tax bill or credit card receipt, cash receipt Only accounting documentation that has been issued within the Republic of Korea are valid Please note that only the above accounting documentation will be approved Final Report(attach the following documents) Current Status of Host Organization Summary of event and content details Actual event expenses and detailed expenditure Self-evaluation and participant satisfaction measurement results Media report resources and other supporting evidence(photographs, etc.)4. Application TEL: (02) 2171-2850 (Kor)/(02) 2171-2853 (Eng) Address: 3rd fl, Press Center, 25 Taepyeongno 1-ga, Jung-gu, Seoul Metropolitan Government E-mail: geojyh97@seoul.go.kr In principle, inquiries should be made via E-mail
Seoul City is seeking to boost the Korean movie industry and the creation of value-added cultural content by providing one-stop support for filmmakers, from planning to production, in the DMC.The move comes as Seoul is turning itself into the next-generation national movie and cultural content hub. Currently, the city accounts for around 70 percent of the total sales of the local movie and cultural industries, and it is also home to many experts and financial and other movie-related infrastructure.To this end, Seoul City is planning to open the Production Office in the DMC complex in March. Along with the other movie-making space launched by the City in 2008, the office will make it possible for filmmakers to receive one-stop support in their movie-making efforts.Seoul City is also planning to help its citizens enjoy movies and cultural content. It will launch the so-called 1,000-won Happiness program for movies, allowing its citizens to enjoy watching movies for just 1,000 won on the Monday of every third week of the month. Monday was chosen as it is the day when there is the fewest number of moviegoers. The move comes after a similar cultural-welfare program turned out to be a success in 2007 in the arts and performance areas.Meanwhile, Seoul City will designate the 10 most-loved locations where dramas and movies were shot over the past 10 years and turn them into popular tourist destinations.The City will select a total of 100 locations aiming to turn them into major tourism courses. Information on the sites will be translated into English, Chinese and Japanese in order to help entice visitors from abroad to the city.
Seoul City plans to hold the One Heart Concert at the Mullae Art Space on Feb. 12 for foreign workers and multicultural families living in Korea.The two-hour concert will be comprised of singing, dancing, a magic show, a rock band and teuroteu medley and will be mostly led by citizens and Twitterians from planning to performance.Seoul City helped its citizens organize and promote the concert through its Twitter account @seoulmania, while reaching out to the Seoul City Migrants Center for its cooperation in encouraging the participation of foreign workers and multicultural families. It also asked for citizen participation through Twitter and its blog sites.This is not the first time that Seoul City has put into action the wishes of its citizens expressed through its Twitter account.Seoul City received a total of 117 wishes from its citizens through its Twitter Tell-me-your-wish campaign from Dec. 13 to Jan. 24. Of these, three were selected and put into action to realize the dreams of four citizens. The One Heart Concert was the third wish on the wish list.
The Seoul Global Center home page re-opened on Feb. 1 with a fresh new look and a new array of services.A new feature of the site specifically tailored for the foreign community (http://global.seoul.go.kr) is the Q&A service which allows users to receive answers to their questions right away from a consultant at the Seoul Global Center.The site also offers to automatically connect users to a site that accommodates their linguistic needs. The Seoul Global Center home page currently provides information in five languages: English, Japanese, Chinese, French and Korean.This site promptly and conveniently provides information on the following main activities and programs managed by the center: volunteering, the business start-up college, the community of participants, and publicity brochures and related materials.Foreigners can also access Seoul Global Center services on their smart phones, which allow users to seek all kinds of information about Seoul 24 hours a day and users can also raise any issues or inconveniences to the center.The Seoul Global Center said the latest site update reflects the needs of the foreign community, because foreigners also contribute to fostering a happy city. The improved site has also been designed to make it easier for foreigners to participate in local government affairs, thus encouraging wider communication between the city and the foreign community.
Seoul City plans to offer discounts and many diverse events for foreigners who visit the Snow Flower Village, a snow sledding field located in Ttukseom Hangang Park, during the Feb. 2-6 Lunar New Year holiday.The city will offer a 20 percent discount on entrance tickets to the sledding field for foreigners. Besides snow sledding, they will also be able to enjoy many other traditional Korean activities, such as top-spinning, throwing tuho and kicking jegi. (Foreigners are required to carry their alien registration card to receive the offered discount.)The city will offer free snacks and free Polaroid pictures to foreigners who make reservations in advance for the sledding field and come to the site in groups of ten or more. The sledding field will open throughout the holiday period. With just a single entrance ticket, visitors can use other facilities, such as its snow hill, 3-D theater and air bounce Ride. To enjoy its battery car ride, they need to pay an extra 2,000 won.Security guards and medical personnel will be on duty to provide help should an accident happen. The village will be open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. until Feb. 20. Admission is 8,000 won for all ages. (Entrance fees will be charged for children aged over 36 months.)
Seoul City announced that it will provide a mobile consulting service aimed at bringing help, advice and other consulting programs directly to foreign residents throughout this year. The mobile consulting service is one of the major total services that Seoul City has been providing since 2009. It is intended to help foreign workers, students and multicultural families, who cannot afford to visit the Seoul Global Center, resolve the challenges that they face in their daily lives here. The city provided 54 rounds of consultation sessions last year, helping tackle a total of 9,697 inconveniences and other difficulties faced by foreign residents. Pension and insurance were the most frequently brought up topics, followed by problems related to wages and residence status. The city plans to expand the consulting service into such areas as industrial disaster compensation and the social insurance system (departure, departure costs, injuries and guarantees on overdue wages) from the current advice being offered on issues of labor, law, subscription to mobile phone services and the national pension.Lawyers, tax accountants, pension experts and others will be employed to provide precise and more professional advice in areas such as labor, employment, law, pension and other inconveniences that foreigners might encounter in their daily lives.The city will also offer its on campus consulting service twice a month, from March this year, when schools open for their new semester. Last year, the city turned one of its buses into a mobile campus consulting center and provided students with advice on traveling, shopping and other information to help resolve consumer inconveniences. The city will expand the consulting service this year to cover a total of eight areas, including immigration, house rentals, overseas studying and employment, in order to focus its support on the practical issues facing foreign students residing in the capital.
A wealth of Lunar New Year events  from traditional folk games and performances to exhibitions and cultural activities  will soon be springing up all over the city.Seoul City highlighted, for instance, the Namsangol Lunar New Year Event taking place from Feb. 2 to 4, the first of a medley of events scheduled for the holidays. This event will feature traditional cultural performances, including gukak, or traditional Korean music, performed by an all-female group. Lunar New Years Day, or Seollal, falls on Feb. 3 this year. The Unhyeongung (Palace) will be holding various traditional events during the Lunar New Year holidays (Feb. 2 to 4) from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. The program includes an explanation and display of the typical ancestral feast and the memorial rites practiced on Lunar New Years Day, folk games and making a lucky pouch. Attendees will also have the chance to enjoy a traditional jumping game, an arrow-throwing game, the traditional board game called yut, and a small bean-bag kicking game.The program designed for foreigners has been scheduled for Feb. 1 to 5 at the Seoul Namsan Traditional Theater. Not only will the participants be able to experience Korean customs but the Lunar New Year edition of the Mi Su Da will be recorded at the site. On Feb. 19, the Yongsan-gu Office Plaza will serve as the venue for a festival in celebration of the 15th of the first month of the lunar calendar, called Jeongwoldaeboreum, which will be attended by foreign diplomats in Korea.For parents looking for something special for their children, they may want to mark down Feb. 4 on which a variety of performances for 1,000 won will be offered. The program includes the happiness concerts to be staged at the Seoul Open Theater Changdong. Also featured will be an A cappella performance and a B-Boy show.The Seoul Zoo will be holding the Winter Trip to Seoul Zoo until Feb. 6 together with an array of traditional folk activities. The Year of the Hare Lets Play program will allow children to play with rabbits in a variety of fun activities. A photo zone will offer the young participants the chance to take photos with the cuddly and cute furry animal. The public recreational grounds in the heart of the city  the Seoul Plaza skating rink and the outdoor skating rink in the World Cup Park  will be open to the public until Feb. 13.
The Seoul Global Center hosted a colorful, traditional Korean Lunar New Year event for foreigners living in Seoul, Seoul City said.The event titled Garden of Harmony was held on Jan. 22 from 2 p.m. to 5 p.m. at the Seoul Global Center, which is located in the Korea Press Center building in Jung-gu. Families from abroad had the chance to learn about traditional Korean customs and culture through such activities as trying on hanbok  traditional Korean costume  and learning how to execute a Lunar New Years bow.The participants also had the chance to enjoy traditional games like jegi-chagi, which involves kicking a small bean bag, and yut, the age-old Korean board game typically played during the Lunar New Years holiday.The Seoul Global Center handed out various published materials, including a collection of event photos, to the attendees, while members of the center staged a performance. The celebration also featured a display and sampling tent of various holiday dishes representing 10 different countries.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon held a Jan. 24 meeting with the citys 13 goodwill ambassadors, including Choi Bool-am, Lee Jung-jin, Kim Su-ro, You Ji-tae, Kim Mi-hwa, and Lie Sang-bong, in the City Hall.Seouls goodwill ambassadors are comprised of a total of 34 individuals who represent their own fields. They participate in diverse campaigns and other promotional activities related to Seoul, helping raise public awareness of the city and its administrative processes.In his greeting remarks, Mayor Oh thanked the ambassadors for their support and participation in TV commercials, promotional materials and meetings with citizens. He asked for their unwavering support this year in helping Seoul become one of the worlds top five cities.As the first promotional activity this year, Mayor Oh and the ambassadors wrote hopeful messages in an event to promote a culture of sharing and citizen participation in the citys welfare program. They attached the messages to the hope-sharing donation box.The box will be placed in Dasan Plaza on the first floor of the City Hall building to encourage citizens to participate in the citys hope-sharing campaign by making donations. The collected money will be spent on Hope Plus Account and Child Development Account, Seouls two major welfare programs aimed at providing financial support to low-income people.
Seoul City has announced that it has published a travel book featuring a collection of articles and travelogues written by invited foreign journalists as part the citys Overseas Korean Homeland Invitation Project.The Discover Seoul travel book contains articles and travelogues highlighting various places around the nations capital, written by 45 journalists from 16 countries, who were invited to visit Seoul for a four-day tour program. This foreign media project was part of Seoul Citys aim to uncover the attractive attributes of the city through the eyes of foreigners. This program was also part of the local governments Overseas Korean Homeland Invitation Project established in line with the 2010 Visit Korea Year campaign to raise global awareness of the Korean capital.The collection of stories offers a sincere and honest account of the diverse aspects of Seoul, which range from a city rich in history and tradition, a trendy fashion capital, and a metropolis of global standards to an eco-city developing in harmony with nature.Through the Overseas Korean Homeland Invitation Project, Seoul City provided the three-night and four-day trip and reporting opportunity to 45 journalists of various countries from Asia, North America and Europe. The visits took place from August to October last year. The articles in the Discover Seoul book were also published in various media outlets of the journalists home countries to help promote Seoul as a fascinating travel destination.Seoul City said it plans to distribute the publication to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, overseas diplomats, overseas Korean Cultural Centers and overseas Korean Community Associations, as well as tourist information centers, language institutes and guest houses across Korea.Plans are under way to expand the Seoul tour invitation program this year, Seoul City added.
Digital Media City is quickly gaining a name as a tourist attraction, thanks to the Dec. 29 opening of the railway line linking the DMC to Seoul Station, Gimpo Airport and Incheon International Airport.This ease of access to Digital Media City provided by the new rail link has heightened interest among foreign tourists, particularly the Chinese, Seoul City said. The reason behind this is that a diverse range of activities appealing to tourists and locals alike, (such as hands-on, state-of-the-art information technology events) are on offer at DMC.The DMC features the Gallery, the Digital Pavilion, the Korean Film Archive, and other facilities to entertain and captivate visitors. The DMC, completed in Nov. 2011, also boasts having the Millennium Eye as its symbolic structure.The site is soon to be enhanced with other services and facilities. Some of the highlights are the DMC Ville, an apartment complex for foreign visitors on a long-term sojourn, a Japanese School for educational programs, and the Stanford Hotel Korea to be completed in October. Another highlight is the Dwight School to open in Sept. 2012.All of these new, world-class services are expected to help contribute to fostering a global business environment, Seoul City has said.Seoul boasts that Digital Media City is the worlds first media, entertainment and IT cluster. The project currently has about 300 involved companies, with about 22,000 people doing business on-site. The DMC is operating on about 12 trillion won of revenue, according to Seoul City.
Seoul City said it had completed installing the Quick Response (QR) Code at all of the citys bus stations. This will allow each stop to show the expected arrival time of the next bus in real-time.Seoul City noted that those stops not yet functioning as a Bus Information Terminal are equipped with a bus operation schedule for public convenience.The QR Code provides the most precise and prompt information of bus arrival and departure times, Seoul City said.Another attraction of this latest information-technology service is that smartphone users can scan the QR Code onto their mobile devices, which would allow them to access bus information at any time. Users would also be able to gain information on Seoul tourism and lifestyle.The QR Code has been installed at all 6,300 bus stops around the nations capital.Seoul City said the QR Code service is also multilingual.The QR Code can also be accessed in English, Japanese, and Chinese. The service can act as a mobile guide for not only the bus schedule but also for recommending travel hotspots and providing real-time information on events and programs.
Seoul City said it is aggressively supporting job creation in response to the nations economic priority to curb unemployment, while investing 145.8 billion won to invigorate the information-technology sector.This significant investment in the IT sector means Seoul City is poised to promote more business opportunities through the early provision of IT-related business information to IT companies. The local government expressed its intentions when it recently held a 2011 IT information session at the Seoul Museum of History.Seoul Citys information session covered 624 IT investment projects worth a total of 145.8 billion won. Business-related systems development totaled 100 worth 33.6 billion won, software development totaled 61 worth 8.2 billion won, and hardware and software purchases totaled 168 worth 34.8 billion won. Other sectors included maintenance repair, telecommunications network construction, and database formation.Establishing a stable system for mobile systems amid the booming smartphone market has prompted Seoul City to support 26-related businesses with 13.5 billion won worth of investments. To counter against cyber attacks and protect personal information, the local government said it had allocated a total of 7.6 billion won to 32 businesses participating in the U-Seoul Information Protection Systems Development project. Another 7 billion won has been allocated to the governments Information Resources Consolidation Infrastructure project. With the input of its nine participating businesses, the project is aimed at reducing maintenance costs, conserving energy and implementing green IT business practices.
Seoul City has opened a dining space, which seats around 900, called the Gwanghwamun Artee, in the basement of the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts. Gwanghwamun Artee will provide a dining and resting convenient option for citizens and travelers from abroad.The name Artee, which was chosen in a public contest, means old and good friends. Gwanghwamun Artee houses a 228-seat Italian restaurant, a 100-seat traditional Korean restaurant, a 132-seat Chinese restaurant, and a 228-seat food court along with a 70-seat Bakery Caf, a 64-seat Myeongdong Kalguksu (noodle soup), a 36-seat Misoya, a 44-seat Menmusha, and an ice cream store. Seoul City plans to run Gwanghwamun Artee not as an ordinary dining space but as an urban cultural complex by developing diverse programs that link it with nearby cultural and arts facilities.The glass-made main hall located at the center of the food court commands a birds eye view of the exhibition featuring Admiral Yi Sun-shin that is being staged just below in the second basement of the building. It is also connected with an art gallery, allowing customers to enjoy not just food but also exhibitions. Until Feb. 28, Seoul City will offer up to a 20-percent discount for those who bring tickets that prove that they have attended performances or art exhibitions. It is also planning other diverse discount events. More detailed information is available on the website of the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts (www.sejongac.or.kr).
A cruise on the Hangang (River) can be enjoyed at a price straight out of the 1980s, Seoul City said.Everyone is eligible to seize the chance to go on a Hangang cruise for 3,500 won for adults and 1,800 won for children from Jan. 14 to March 31 with Seoul Citys Hangang Cruise Goes Back to 1986 event. The discounted rates are offered only for the first ride of the day, which is at 2 p.m.Since the Hangang Cruise was first launched in 1986, it has been serving as a leisure event for families and a romantic alternative for dating couples. The latest discounted event is aimed at offering young children, now on their winter vacation, a lasting childhood memory, while encouraging adults to rediscover the beauty of the Hangang.The Hangang Cruise Goes Back to 1986 event offers cruise passage through Mapodaegyo, Bamseom (Islet), Seogangdaegyo, Yanghwadaegyo and Seonyudo. The vessel embarks from the Yeouido dock at 2 p.m. and returns one hour later to the site of origin.Those interested must make reservations through the Hangang Cruise home page. The discounted rates can be enjoyed by all adults and children over three years old and those attending elementary school.
Seoul City is running tailored Korean classes for foreigners residing in the capital.The language classes are available at 14 centers run by Seoul City that include the Seoul Global Center, Global Village Center and Seoul City Migrants Center. The classes, which last from three months to six months, are quite popular among foreigners as they provide tailored lectures that reflect students overall skill and the nature of their stay here.Those who know little to nothing about the Korean language can start with a beginners course. Mothers and children from multicultural families can attend a storybook narration class. Tailored classes are also available for those who came to Korea to get married, and for and those preparing for TOPIK, the Korean language test. There is a class specifically for Mongolians as well amongst the many other tailored classes that have been opened to meet the diverse demand.In particular, the storybook narration program offered by the Seoul Global Center is provided as two separate classes  one for mothers and the other for children. Seoul City said that it had completed talks with the related agencies to provide the three-grade storybook narration license, starting this year, to mothers who finish the 24-week course.The class for married migrants and workers focuses on language frequently used in day-to-day life. The TOPIK class is popular especially among those foreigners seeking to land a job in Korea or join volunteer programs here.The Korean language offered class by the Seoul Global Center will be receiving applications from Jan. 17-18. Those wishing to enroll in other classes should contact the center in charge of the relevant program.
Seoul City Internet TV has prepared a special concert together with the public to celebrate the New Year.The concert will begin at 11:30 a.m. on Jan. 15 at the M Plaza in Myeong-dong.Like a regular concert it will feature music and dance however, the music will be created using smart phones as the musical instrument. Its other unique aspect is that those attending the concert will be encouraged to create their own dance moves.The event has been in the preparation stage for the past two months by Koreas largest smart phone club for working people and a creative dance team. Seoul City said the 20-minute concert though short will be novel and full of passion and energy.This concert taking place in Myeong-dong does not have a specially designated performance stage. With minimal equipment, the event will infiltrate and incorporate the crowd in the area and incite public participation through a flash-mob style setting. Seoul City said this sudden surprise type of performance is expected to more than double the excitement.It added that this occasion will pave the way for future fresh cultural events led by smart phone music and creative dancing.The concert will also feature a short New Years message and a message of hope for the Year of the Hare. The preparatory stages, the background of the concert and the actual performance can be viewed through the Seoul Internet TV home page (http://tv.seoul.go.kr).
No matter how freezing it the night may be, Seoul parks have been attracting the crowds to see their mesmerizing and colorful lights. Seoul City have introduced parks boasting such great night views that citizens and foreign travelers alike have been drawn to them.Located in Beon-dong, Gangbuk-gu, the Dream Forest guarantees beautiful night views replete with various type of lighting spread out across the park. In particular, the night landscape unfolding around its observatory and the Art Center buildings is quite beautiful. Such facilities as a Chinese restaurant, and other cultural activities, are also available during the night.The square before the Art Center building was home to unique Christmas trees that were installed last year by industrial designer and Professor Lee Sang-jin. Ten five-meter red Christmas trees, decorated with plastic baskets, bottles and other daily goods, illuminated the whole square and gave it a sense of comforting warmth even on the most frigid winter night.In Seoul Forest, located in Seongsu-dong, Seongdong-gu, white rabbits and snow laden trees greet visitors. The colorfully lit sculptures standing before the information office have also proved popular with visitors.The World Cup Park in Sangam-dong has been catching the eye of many a motorist with its beautifully lit bridge that extends to the Haneul Park.
Seoul City will develop Sejong-ro and its surrounding area into a cultural tourism hub featuring Hangeul in a bid to promote the Korean alphabet as a global cultural product.Seoul City said that it plans to build Hangeul Maruzi (landmark) on the 470,000 square meters of land that will cover Tongui-dong, Tongin-dong, Naesu-dong and Sejongno-dong near Sejong-ro. This is a politically, culturally and historically important area of the nation.Maruzi is a recently coined Korean word (officially recognized in 2009) meaning landmark in English. The areas surrounding Sejong-ro are the ideal place for such a cultural tourism hub as many Hangeul-related legacies are located here, such as the birth place of King Sejong, the house of Korean linguist Ju Si-kyung and the headquarters of the Korean Language Society.In the Hangeul Maruzi, Seoul City plans to offer diverse Hangeul-related facilities and cultural products, such as a park and streets, guest rooms, Hangeul classes and brush-writing events. In addition, other cultural content will be supported and Hangeul-related international conferences are planned.Before its construction heads in to full-swing, Seoul City will first build the Hangeul 11,172 Garden on 8,868 square meters of land in Sejongno Park, near the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts, by the first half of this year. The 11,172 refers to the total number of letters that can be made by using the 24 consonants and vowels of Hangeul. These letters will be carved by 11,172 people on individual stones, which will then be laid on the gardens floor.By the end of July, Seoul City will develop and provide a one-hour Hangeul-reading program through which people can learn to read Korean. It also plans to expand its existing programs located in Gwanghwamun in which foreigners can have their family mottos and Korean names written in brush. The city will frame the brush-written names at cheap prices.
A total of 44 foreign youngsters from 20 countries, including the U.S., Russia and Sweden, will begin working in Seoul City as interns from Jan. 7.On the five week Seoul City Global Intern program, which recruited foreign students residing in Seoul, interns will gain valuable experience of how city affairs are carried out. The latest interns are the sixth batch of foreign students to be recruited under the program.The internship program is designed to increase foreign students understanding of city affairs and help their professional development by giving them a grounding in the overall administrative process. It also allows the City to promote itself to foreign students and eventually nurture them as a potential diplomatic network.So far, a total of 135 foreign students from around 30 countries have joined the internship program. In this latest round of recruitment, in particular, 222 people applied for just 44 posts, showing the popularity and importance of this program to foreign students.Taking into the account the nationalities, majors and fields of interest of the interns, Seoul City will deploy them to 19 business divisions that deal mostly with cooperation with other foreign cities. Their main job will be to analyze foreign cases and help reduce the inconveniences faced by foreigners in their lives in Seoul.The internship will commence on Jan. 7 with an orientation session. The interns are then scheduled to participate in diverse events, such as the Seoul City Culture Administration Tour to be held on Jan. 21. They will complete their five week course on Feb. 11 with a closing ceremony.
The story of King Sejong can be enjoyed through educational programs and exhibitions organized by the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts as of Jan. 11.The Hangul Gallery portion of the program will feature the Daily Calendar Exhibition and will run from Jan.11 to Feb. 27. This exhibit highlights the artistic value of Hangul (or Korean language), organizers said. They added that the Daily Calendar Exhibition was designed to open the publics eyes to the preciousness of each new day, which many people tend to take for granted. Each of the months on the calendar offers a beautiful design created with a collection of Korean words that best illustrate the relevant seasons.The hands-on activities accompanying the exhibitions are also expected to incite excitement. The Wish Tree for King Sejong, for instance, will encourage visitors to create a wish tree by writing their New Years wish on a card. Organizers said the Wish Tree will serve as a great opportunity for every visitor to renew their ambitions for the New Year.Visitors can also look forward to the Well-Wishing Remarks in Hangul event. This is scheduled for Jan. 16 and Jan. 30, as well as Feb. 3 and Feb. 4, from 2:30 p.m. to 4 p.m. Participants will meet renowned calligraphy artist Lee Sang-hyeon.Free educational programs for young children aged between 8 and 10 will also be available. The young participants will learn about the principles of Hangul related to their names, the creation of Hangul and the scientific excellence of the Korean language. This program will be available from Jan. 11 to Feb. 25, twice a day, from Tuesdays to Fridays, every week.
Seouls subway stations are no longer just a medium for simple transportation. The subway stations have been establishing a cultural role for themselves by turning the commuting process in to a cultural experience by staging free art exhibitions, Seoul Metro, organizer of the events, said.Subway Lines Nos. 1 to 4, operated by Seoul Metro, can now boast of offering several novel shows. For instance, Art Gallery No. 1 at Gyeongbokgung Station on Line No. 3 is hosting the Shona Sculptures Spirit of Africa exhibition, from Jan. 7 to 20.Shona refers to the name of the tribe that formed Zimbabwe, which is its largest indigenous group. The Shona stone sculptures are celebrated as one of the worlds top three contemporary artistic works. They are unique in that they display the spiritual world of the Zimbabweans through basic tools like the hammer.The exhibition can be viewed from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. and is free. Attendees are, however, encouraged to make a small donation to a fund-raising campaign to help starving children in Africa. The collected proceeds will be given to the relevant welfare foundations after the exhibition.We look forward to this latest exhibition offering the public a rare chance to experience and empathize with the deep soul and sentiments of the African people through such special artworks that are otherwise very difficult to come by, a Seoul Metro official said. We also encourage active public participation in our fundraising campaign for starving African children.
Seoul was abuzz with 2011 Year of the Hare Sunrise events that occurred across 16 mountains and park sites early morning on January 1, Seoul City said.It boasted that Namsan (Mt.), Inwangsan (Mt.), Naksan (Mt.) and Dongmangbong at the heart of the nations capital had all served as ideal locations for appreciating the New Years first sunrise. Other popular places around Seoul to witness the first sunrise were Seodaemuns Ansan (Mt.), Bugaksan (Mt.), Gaeunsan (Mt.), Eungbongsan (Mt.), Baengnyeonsan (Mt.), Gungsan (Mt.), and Yongwangsan (Mt.).Celebrated mountains on the outskirts of Seoul had also enjoyed a renewed status as noted locations for viewing the sunrise. Achasan (Mt.) and Yongmasan (Mt.), for instance, have long been treasured sites for enjoying the scenic beauty of the city sunrise in the eastern part of Seoul. Bukhansan National Park, Gwanaksan (Mt.), Yeonjudae, Cheonggyesan (Mt.), Umyeonsan (Mt.), Daemosan (Mt.), Suraksan (Mt.), Buramsan (Mt.), and Iljasan (Mt.) had also been a riot for many visitors.Parks around the city also resonated with the ecstatic voices of the early-morning visitors seeking to soak in the first sunrise. The peak in Haneul Park in Mapo-gus Sangam-dong area and the Mangwolbong in Olympic Park in the Songpa-gu district are two such examples
Seoul City said that it will be providing information on 19 cultural sites and walking tour programs on its GIS portal system as part of its efforts to cater to foreign travelers in the Korean capital.The move came on the heels of the Citys decision to strengthen the foreign language support programs of the portal (gis.seoul.go.kr) in March 2010. The upgraded tour content to do with the cultural sites and walking tour courses will be available starting Jan. 5.The GIS portal system provides maps and other information on facilities and locations in Seoul to foreign travelers in Korean, English, Chinese and Japanese.In this latest move, Seoul City will offer maps, detailed location-related and other information about eight cultural sites, where foreign travelers can undertake a temple stay. Such information will be offered for four temples  Jogyesa, Bongeunsa, Gilsangsa and Myogaksa  and information will also be provided on the Institute of Korean Royal Cuisine and Samcheonggak in order to help those travelers seeking to enjoy Koreas traditional foods. The city will also upgrade the info on Yejiwon and the home tour courses offered by Korea House to help travelers learn about Koreas traditional manners.In particular, the city will link the information on the walking tour courses with the maps so that foreign travelers can easily find their destinations. This will also apply to information about the walking tour programs that allow visitors to tour major cultural attractions in Seoul on foot.Seoul City said that it will continue its efforts to develop diverse map content for foreign travelers and provide updated and useful data in order to help increase tourist convenience.
South Korea launched a railway service on Dec. 29 that links central Seoul to Incheon International Airport, the culmination of a 10-year construction project. After a partial route was opened between Incheon and Gimpo airports in March 2007, the completion of the remaining route now provides customers with the shortest connection between downtown Seoul and northern Incheon.The railway is expected to reduce travel time from Seoul to Incheon to 53 minutes nonstop. With the opening of this rail link, the airport terminal has started offering service at Seoul Station where Korean Air, Asiana Airlines and budget carrier Jeju Air have opened offices. Incheon International airport also opened an immigration office in the station to conduct pre- checks on passengers before they head for the airport.Travelers can complete the boarding process, immigration checks and cargo consignments at the Seoul Station offices before heading for the airport. As all those things are processed in advance, passengers can board their plane immediately after swift security checks at special gates for diplomats.The airport railway will also enhance convenience for travelers from northern Seoul as well as international visitors touring Seoul by providing them with a fast means of transportation between the city and the Incheon airport.
Celebrating 2011  the Year of the Rabbit, the Seoul Metropolitan Government presents various cultural programs including a New Years Concert with promising expectations and hope.Seoul Philharmonic Orchestras 2011 New Years Concert was held at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts on Jan 1, 2011.The Seoul Metropolitan Youth Orchestra is holding a Winter Classics concert where youth and their parents can participate together on Jan. 8 at the Grand Theater at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts.A New Years Concert featuring famous Korean traditional and classical music artists will be held at the Dream Forest Art Center on Jan 15 and 16.Seoul Namsan Gugakdang opens the year with a musical play The Farting lady a joint production of the Sejong Center, Sadari Theater Company and Moby Duck Theatre Company from the United Kingdom. The Farting Lady, a Korean traditional fairy tale-based musical play, will be held at Seoul Namsan Guakdang for a month from Jan 28, featuring traditional mask dance talchum, traditional outdoor performances madangnori, mime, puppet shows, etc.For more information, please see the file attached here.Programs and detailed contents could be modified according to circumstances.  
Korean Air has launched a new global advertising campaign that presents the brand on a whole new scale. Starting on September 1st, new global campaign, titled For life on a whole new scale, will kick off worldwide across various types of media from TV, Print, Outdoor, to digital platforms. One of the important aspects about the ad campaign is that it plays a significant role in promoting the city of Seoul around the world by presenting the real scene of Seoul: The Banpo Fountain Bridge that crosses over the Han River in Seoul. As such, the Seoul Metropolitan Government and Korean Air had meaningful discussions on a cost-sharing arrangement for a global ad, and they have agreed to participate in the cooperative advertising campaign. The co-op advertising has begun with TV commercial maintaining high exposure for Seoul city. Koreans Airs 750,000 dollar budget global creative campaign is certainly global in the scale of its making also. A collaborative team of HSAd, the mother agency in Korea, and creative production companies Velvet (Munich), IF (LA), and Open(Seoul) worked together for nearly 5 months in various stages, and filmed 7 different city landscapes, filmed the models in Bangkok, edited in Germany, rendered in Los Angeles, and mixed sounds in South Africa. Be on the lookout for the premier of the new Korean Air global blockbuster that will show an even more global and sexier faade of the Korean Air brand. 
The Gwanghwamun Square has been awarded a Barrier-Free certification as it was acknowledged as the nations first obstacle-free public park, Seoul City announced.The Barrier-Free certification means the facility is friendly to the physically challenged, the aged and pregnant women. Seoul City said Gwanghwamun Square received the first-grade designation jointly standardized by the Ministry of Health & Welfare and Family and the Ministry of Land, Transport and Maritime Affairs. Seoul City said the public space was designed to be conveniently accessible and safe for physically challenged people.The local government highlighted that the Haechi grounds are free of any sidewalk bumps or inclinations, and emphasized the availability of elevators and restrooms equipped for the disabled. It added that the Gwanghwamun Square is convenient and obstacle-free for the general public.Seoul City will do its best to create a harmonious society by building an infrastructure that is safe and convenient for everyone, Lee Kwang-sae, an official of the Seoul City infrastructure division, said.
A trip up to Namsan (Mt.) has just become more exciting. Anyone seeking to go up to Namsan can add flavor to the experience by taking the peanut-shaped eco-friendly electric bus, launched on Dec. 21.Seoul City said the bus was officially adopted following a pilot operation test in November and December. It highlighted that the eco-friendly bus is the result of environmentally-friendly research and technological developments carried out for a period of one year and six months under the citys objective to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and make the air cleaner.The eco-friendly bus designed for Namsan travel measures 11.05 meters in length. It can travel at up to 100 kilometers an hour and traverse a distance of 83 kilometers with a full charge. The vehicle can be fully recharged in 30 minutes.The bus has the curves of a peanut and was designed to symbolize the N Seoul Tower and its scenic view.There are currently 14 city buses that stop at Namsan. They cover three bus routes: Lines 02, 03, and 05.The buses traveling to Namsan run from 7 a.m. to 11:30 p.m. The three bus lines pass by the following key bus stops: N Seoul Tower, Soong Eui Womens College, Daehan Cinema, National Theater of Korea, Itaewon, Fire Branch (Office), Dongguk Univ. Station, Jangchung Station, Yaksu-dong, and the Namsan North Rotary.Seoul City said five eco-friendly buses are now in operation, three of which are for Line No. 02 and one each for Lines No. 3 and No. 5. It said plans are under way to have all 14 buses replaced gradually.It added that it looks forward to the Namsan electric bus becoming a popular tour course for both international visitors and locals visiting Namsan.
Seoul Traffic Broadcasting System is seeking competent and qualified candidates who can lead the new media era.December 23, 2010Director of Seoul TBS1. QualificationsCandidates must possess at least one qualification under the Stipulations on the Local Contract Civil Servants (see attached). He/she also must be excluded from the disqualification list of Article 31 of the Local Public Service Law. All foreigners are welcome to apply for the position of English FM producer(newscaster, producer). In the absence of qualified candidates, the position(s) may not be filled.The candidates for the English FM producer(newscaster, producer) position will be interviewed in English for the evaluation of their competency in English. 2. Application Submission3. Required Documents to be Submitted (application form, resume form, written statement form, and statement of work experience form can be downloaded at TBS website.)4. Screening ProcessInitial screening based on submitted documents followed by an interview5. Final Results Annoucement : January 21, 2011 (scheduled)The list of candidates with qualifying test and interview scores will be posted on TBS website(www.tbs.seoul.kr)and will be notified individually when necessary.6. Attention for All Candidates
Special boat trips and taxis are available at the Hangang (River) for those who are looking for a meaningful and romantic Christmas holiday and year-end event, Seoul City said.The Hangang leisure boat ride is available on Dec. 24 with a Christmas wine party, and with a Christmas-themed cruise featuring live music and a magic show running until Dec. 26. For New Years celebrations, the boats are holding New Years countdown boat cruises on Dec. 31 and a sunrise boat ride on Jan. 1. Only four boats will be running for the Jan. 1 event.The Dec. 24 Christmas Party boat event leaves from Yeouido. The cruise goes to Banpodaegyo (Bridge), Yanghwadaegyo (Bridge) and the Bamseom (Islet) before returning to Yeouido. The Christmas wine party runs from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. with the boat course running two times.The Christmas-themed boat event, scheduled for Dec. 24 to 26, is available from Yeouido and Jamsil as of 7:30 p.m.The Countdown Boat Ride available on Dec. 31 runs from 11 p.m. to 1 a.m. the next day to offer the public another special way to say goodbye to the old year and greet 2011.The Hangang Sunrise Boat Event begins at 6:30 a.m. on Jan. 1, 2011 from Yeouido. The cruise runs through the Han River Bridge and Dongjakdaegyo (Bridge) and returns to Yeouido after waiting for the sunrise at Cheonggyesan (Mt.).The Sunrise Taxi that leaves from the 63 Building at 7 a.m. on Jan. 1, 2011 is scheduled to arrive near the Nodeulseom (Island). It will then wait for the sun to rise out from the peak of Cheonggyesan (Mt.). Participants can also look forward to taking part in the special event of flying balloons filled with their New Years wishes. Once the participants have seen the New Years sunrise, they are scheduled to return to the 63 Building by 8 a.m.
The streets of downtown Seoul stretching from Gwanghwamun and Sungnyemun (Namdaemun) to Sejong-ro will be dazzling with snowflake lights until Feb. 13, Seoul City announced.Since the two-kilometer-long sparkling lights installed in a total of 373 roadside trees were first lit on Dec. 17, they have been lighting up the city center every evening from 7 p.m. to 11 p.m.The snowflakes are uniquely accompanied by the design of wine glasses and the LED lights change into seven different colors.Diverse colors, such as red, orange, and yellow, shine from the bottom of the tree, while tones of white ooze forth at times to give a contrasting effect of coolness from the warm tones.Placing beautiful lights at our citys central location gives diversity to our winter ambiance and adds to the competitiveness of our city, a Seoul City official said. We aim to foster Sejong road, the key thoroughfare representative of the nations capital covering Gwanghwamun, Gwanghwamun Square, Sejong Center for the Performing Arts, Cheonggyecheon (Stream), Seoul Plaza, and Deoksugung (Palace), into a quality-brand passage with the help of these beautiful lighting decorations, the official added.
More excitement resonated throughout the nations capital as Koreas top B-Boys and B-Boy team, along with singer Park Jae-beom, gathered for Fever Seoul Live on Dec. 21, Seoul City said.The heated event, which began at 7 p.m. at the Mellon Ax-Korea in the Gwangjin-gu area, was created as one part of the governments strategy to raise global awareness of the nations capital, while promoting the B-Boy phenomenon as a Korean cultural asset, Seoul City said.The hour-and-a-half performance featured Koreas top B-Boys, Bruce Lee (Gamblerz Crew), Rookie (Drifterz Crew), Skim (Jinjo Crew), Vero (Jinjo Crew) and Pocket (Morning of Owl). Singer Park Jae-beom made a guest appearance, and a troupe of 25 B-Boy members staged the B-Boy musical called Battle Boy.The concert began with a magnificent performance by six B-Boys famous for captivating fans all over the globe. This was followed by the B-Boy Battle musical with Seoul as the theme.Seoul City said the latest Fever Seoul Live was broadcast live for the first time through the specially set up Facebook site  http://www.facebook.com/hiseoul. It added that it is also the first city in the world to have undertaken such an attempt.Those who had viewed the performance online and had left postings onsite were eligible to take part in a raffle draw for an article of clothing donated by a sponsor.The performance and the performance preparation video, as well as backstage shots and Seoul music videos, will be uploaded onto the official Seoul YouTube site (http://www.youtube.com/seouldreamseries). The site will be accessible as of Jan. 1, 2011.The second-generation Korean-American YouTube musicians  David Choi and Dumbfounded  who have a fan base in both the United States and Korea will also be featured on Seoul Citys YouTube program.The six internationally popular B-Boys, who were selected through an online battle, created a riot at Seoul Gwanghwamun Square when they held a B-Boy Battle with six Korean B-Boys, in November.We aim to raise the Seouls brand value through Fever Seoul Live and plan to foster B-Boy culture as a Korean cultural asset, Yoon Jong-jang, an official in the Seoul City marketing division, said. The world will discover how attractive a city Seoul is, as we attempt for the first time a live broadcast of a performance in real-time for the global community.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government said it had held, on Dec. 16, its 2010 Employee Foreign-Language Speech Contest for staff members of the main office and local government offices.Seoul City has been running foreign-language programs for its employees as part of its agenda to foster world-leading public servants in line with its belief that globally competitive human resources are crucial to success. Seoul City has been offering foreign-language tests and making continuous efforts to develop the foreign linguistic capabilities of its employees.The 2010 Employee Foreign-Language Speech Contest is part of such efforts. This annual contest, first launched in 2008, is held on the basis of those public servants who volunteer to take part in the contest.This year, a total of 35 teams had applied to take part in the speech contest. Of the total, 16 teams were selected to participate in the competition. Of these, 10 represented the English language, three Japanese and the other three Chinese. The contest included a role-playing segment and a speech recital.Seoul City said that the contest served as a fun event for Seoulites as it called for the contestants to give their all through four speech topics: Seoul vision, Seoul publicity, public communication, and love of the family. Seoul City highlighted that such topics allowed the contestants to share their sweet and personal stories and also the universal challenges thrown up by everyday life.Seoul City said the event had unified the public servants of the main Seoul government office and local offices and had also served as a foreign language festival. It stressed that its foreign-language program will play a big role in fostering world-class public servants who will act as leaders in this era of globalization.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon celebrated the opening of the citys winter attraction  2010 Seoul Plaza Skating Rink, on Dec. 17.The Seoul Plaza skating rink is greeting its seventh year this year with added excitement at its return to its original location, after having been moved to GwanghwamunSquare last year, Seoul City said.Mayor Oh, in his opening speech, noted the skating rinks established reputation as a winter landmark symbolic of the nations capital, highlighting that the rink attracts over 20,000 visitors every year.The mayor also attended the performances held in celebration of the launch of the colorful street lights along the Sejong-ro path that starts at Gwanghwamun and ends at Sungnyemun (Namdaemun). The citys chief topped off the event by skating in the rink with professional speed skater Lee Kyu-hyuk and citizens of Seoul.The opening ceremony also featured recorded congratulatory messages from world-class figure skater Kim Yu-na and other figure skaters.
Seoul City said it had held its 2010 Seoul Town Meeting on Dec. 12 with 180 invited foreign residents of the nations capital in attendance.The annual meeting launched in 2000 has been serving as a platform for Seoul government officials and foreign residents to jointly discuss various issues in key areas concerned with the quality of life in order to make improvements. The areas cover transportation, tourism, culture, education and medical services.The participants held discussions on matters that had been categorized into two themes: The Reception and Settlement of Global Culture and Reducing Seouls Air Pollution.Seoul City stressed that this years meeting had allocated more time to addressing the issues facing the foreign community and provided a question-and-answer session in order to sufficiently address concerns.The Seoul Town Meeting serves as a platform for the government to directly hear about the issues and lifestyle challenges facing foreigners residing in Seoul in order to find solutions and make improvements together, Oh Seung-hwan, a Seoul City official, said. Such an approach will serve to foster Seoul into a global city, a city that foreigners consider a comfortable place to live, and one they will want to call their home.
A festival of photos illustrating yesteryear and modern day Seoul has kicked off in key areas around the city, Seoul City announced.The 2010 Seoul Photo Festival, the first event of its kind, features as many as 700 photographs of the Korean capital. The event, themed Returning Seoul to Seoul, kicked off on Dec. 20 and will run until Jan. 31 at the Seoul Museum of Art, the annex building of Gyeonghuigung (Palace), the annex building of Nam Seoul, and the Seoul Museum of History.The 2010 Seoul Photo Festival features images of the nations capital from terrestrial and underground perspectives. Another photo exhibition focuses on the citizens of Seoul from recent history to the present. About 1,000 volumes of photo books make up the photo library. A photography lecture offers visitors the chance to enjoy the images with greater insight and understanding, Seoul City said.The 2010 Seoul Photo Festival is free. The annex building of Gyeonghuigung (Palace) at the Seoul Museum of Art is open every day from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Nam Seoul is open from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. on weekdays and from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on weekends. All the photo festival galleries, however, are closed every Monday and will be closed on Jan. 1, 2011.
On Dec. 8 Seoul City announced the 65 recipients of the 5th Seoul Good Public Design certification program, a cause aimed at raising the overall quality of the Korean capital.The latest Seoul Good Public Design certification competition follows the fourth one held in the first half of this year, which had 551 applicants, while the fifth had 604. Since the adoption of its certification program about two years ago, Seoul City said it has helped participants establish themselves in their respective industries.11Since the certification program began in the second half of 2008, it has quickly established itself in local industry. Certified players have been given priority in matters related to the city, Seoul City said. It added that this program has helped the acknowledged companies to reap the benefits of Seoul Citys promotion efforts for its cause, such as through such outlets as the Seoul Design Fair.The items that failed to make the governments list in this fifth round will be able to receive advice for improvements through the Design Clinic, which is part of the Seoul Good Public Design program. The consultation period is taking place until Jan. 2011. Seoul City said it plans to help foster more outstanding products through the certification program by putting more effort into improving the services of the clinic and build professionalism based on experience.Seoul City said it also plans to develop policies that ensure sustainable use of its certified products. By boosting the maintenance system for the certified products, the government stressed that it will exert all its strength to create a city that is safe and convenient.
The Asian regions largest trade show for digital media-related industries is here in Seoul until Dec. 18, Seoul City has announced.SIGGRAPH began in 1974 under the auspices of the United States Association for Computing Machinery. An Asian edition was launched in 2008, with the first exhibition hosted by Singapore and the second by Yokohama, Japan.Organizers estimate SIGGRAPH Asia 2010, which opened on Dec. 5 at COEX in southern Seoul, will draw 3,000 experts in computer graphics and interactive technologies from all around the world. They expect the event to serve as a platform for exchanging digital technologies among computer graphics specialists, and thereby, contribute significantly to advancing Koreas computer-related industries.SIGGRAPH Asia 2010 is open to everyone interested in the computer graphics world. It offers a diverse program, including seminars and research presentations from world-renowned experts, a computer animation festival, a computer-graphics technologies exhibition, and even a job fair.Visitors may also want to take note of Koreas competitive edge in the global online game industry, which has been highlighted by the annual show.This year, for the first time, SIGGRAPH Asia is holding a Korea-China-Japan University Invitation Exhibition, which calls for 19 recognized universities from the three countries to showcase and share computer-graphics technologies.Some of the participating six universities from abroad are Chinas Tsinghua University, Japans Tokyo University and Tokyo University of the Arts, and Singapores Nanyang Technological University. The other 13 are local universities like Seoul National University, Yonsei University and Ewha Womans University. Program images Works of entry
The Seoul Plaza will again serve as the main outdoor skating rink this winter, creating a warm festive ambiance in the heart of the city as of Dec. 17, Seoul City said.The location of the skating rink offers the advantages of the Seoul Plazas logistics, as it is located right in front of City Hall. Its proximity to subway Lines No. 1 and 2 offers travel convenience, while its spaciousness allows the city to provide optimum ice-rink conditions. The opening event will take place Dec. 17 at 5 p.m., and the Seoul Plaza rink will be open until Feb. 13.The entrance fee, which is 1,000 won, will cover skate-rental costs. Skating lessons for each level will cost 10,000 won. Seoul City said it plans to stock up on gloves and socks so that skaters in need can conveniently make purchases on-site.The city noted that, as of this year, international residents and visitors will be able to make reservations and payments online, just as the locals have been able to do. This is possible due to the changes and improvements made to the citys online reservation and transaction system, Seoul City said.Those who attend the opening event on Dec. 17 will be able to enjoy one hour of free skating.
The latest, most popular place to visit in Northeastern Seoul  Dream Forest  is offering exciting winter activities to dispel the winter chills, Seoul City announced.An outdoor snow mound for activities and a sled-riding ice rink can be found at the Ball Plaza housed within the Culture Plaza of the Dream Forest. They are open from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. until Feb. 13.The outdoor activity area located at the Ball Plaza occupies a combined area of 1,900 square meters. The snow mound alone measures 800 square meters and the sled-riding ice rink 900 square meters. The sites can hold up to 600 people. They are also equipped with a resting area, a public locker room, and other public facilities.Another exciting program available is the Unusual Sorts of Christmas Trees exhibition on show at the Dream Forests Culture Plaza until the end of January 2011. A must-see is the 4-meter-high Christmas tree designed by industrial designer Lee Sang-jin, a professor at Seoul National University of Technology.Seoul City said 50 people who register will be able to take part in a program for various activities, such as making Christmas cards and snowballs, on Dec. 24 and 25 at 10:30 a.m. Also, anyone interested in meeting New Years Day at the Dream Forest can register by telephone beginning on Dec. 9.Various exciting year-end performances have also been planned at the Dream Forests Arts Center.
Modern Korean sculptures have come together at the Seoul Museum of Art, Seoul City has announced.The Seoul Art Exhibition 2010, which kicked off on Dec. 1, is on until Dec. 19 and features a dynamic array of Koreas modern sculptures, The Seoul Art Exhibition has been held every year since its inauguration in 1985. The annual show in 2008 featured figurative art and in 2009 it featured artistic handicrafts.This years program offers insight into Koreas contemporary sculpture art landscape rather than illustrating an historical overview, Seoul City said.Visitors will be able to feast their eyes on 65 exhibited items, which include the works of such sculptors as Koh Myung-geun, Geum Joon-ki, Kim Sang-kyoon, and Kim Seong-bok. The Seoul Art Exhibition can be found on the first floor of the Seoul Museum of Art. It is open every day of the week, except Mondays.
Seoul City has announced that its online shopping mall, focused on specially designed items, will participate in the Seoul Design Festival 2010 kicking off on Dec. 8.The government opened the online site Design Tag (www.designtag.co.kr) in Aug. 2008 to help nurture talented Korean designers by providing not only a distribution outlet but also a means of promoting and marketing the products.Visitors to the exhibition will be able to directly see some of the diverse range of unique items sold online and make purchases.Seoul City said the five-day event, taking place at the Convention Exhibition Center (COEX) in southern Seoul, is a great opportunity for the up and coming designers to promote their items to both domestic and foreign retailers, as well as to trading companies.The Seoul Design Festival allows visitors to see and feel a wide range of specially designed products and make purchases, with the added bonus of receiving a gift handed out according to the value of ones purchase.
Chief executive officers of multinational firms and foreign investors have presented a development plan to the government this month, aimed at helping the Korean capital rank within the worlds top five cities, Seoul City has announced.The plan calls for boosting the momentum for attracting foreign investments, improving living conditions for foreigners, and improving policies regarding green growth and women issues, it noted.Seoul City said it sought to draw up reform plans based on corporate experiences during the 41st Foreign Investment Advisory Council (FIAC) meeting held at City Hall.The local government formed the FIAC in 1999 in order to improve foreign investment conditions and spur foreign direct investments through the council comprised of multinational CEOs. The council has 30 members, including heads of foreign business chambers and lawyers.Seoul City said the FIAC members provided useful advice on 103 subject matters, such as the Digital Media City, Cheonggyecheon (Stream), Foreign Investment Zone, and the Hangang Renaissance Project, thus contributing to the capitals development plans.The latest meeting took utilizing a structure different from the meeting held in May. Seoul City said the 41st meeting called for meetings to be categorized into four areas in order to hold more focused and specialized discussions for more effective improvements. The four categories were: competitiveness of the city, living environment, green growth, and womens issues.Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon and about 20 distinguished local and foreign investors, accompanied by the directors of each relevant government department, sat together exchanging various opinions and engaging in productive discussions.Seoul City said the meeting served to form a cooperative plan with substantial strategies and methods for invigorating foreign investments.
A romantic winter concert program has been prepared featuring the sounds of acoustic guitar, rock and classical music for three weeks every weekend as of Dec. 4. Seoul City said. The series is taking place at the Yeouido Hangang Parks Floating Stage.The 2010 Winter Concert series opened with the Love Actually Concert at 7 p.m., which captivated the audience with its romantic melodies for 90 minutes.The opening concert offered joy to the women exhausted by child rearing, household duties or work life, Seoul City said. It added that aromatic candles and oils, and herb teas were offered to top off the whole experience for the female audience.Next on the program is the Play the Harmony concert to be held from Dec. 12 to 17. This program will feature both Korean and Japanese music.This concert will be the second installment after the Korea-Japan Cultural Exchange Project concert, which was held in October at the Floating Stage. The Japanese rock band LOOVEE will be making its first appearance in Korea.The My Lifes Best Pianist Concert will take place on Dec. 18 as of 7 p.m. This program is part of the citys objective to discover new promising talented musicians with a focus on classical music soloists.Those who cannot attend any of the programs will be able to enjoy the Love Actually Concert and the Play the Harmony Concert as of the end of December on Cyworld and Youtube.
Seoul City has announced that it opened an outdoor skating rink and sled-riding grounds on Dec. 4 at the Sangam World Cup Park, to add excitement to the cold winter days.The World Cup Park skating rink and sled-riding grounds, managed by the West Green Seoul Bureau, will be open until Feb. 13, 2011 every day from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m.The skating rink covers a space of 1,800 square meters and the sled-riding area covers a space of 540 square meters. For convenience, the two recreational facilities are surrounded by a resting area and a shelter for storing personal belongings.Seoul City said the sled ride service is aimed at accommodating the needs of those below five years old so that the whole family can enjoy a day out.Seoul City added that it will provide free skating lessons two times a week from Jan. 3 to 28 to children in kindergarten and elementary school, as well as the general public, which includes junior-high-school and high-school students. The free lessons will be offered to a total of 90 beginner skaters throughout the lessons scheduled in one day.
Seoul City celebrated the yearly contribution of the volunteers for the Hangang (River) on Dec. 5 in commemoration of Volunteers Day. The city held the Hangang Volunteers Day Annual Event under the theme Beautiful Hangang, Happy People. Volunteers Day was officially established in 2005 to foster national sentiment for public volunteering. Seoul City holds various volunteer commemorative events and cultural events to express gratitude towards the volunteering community on or around Volunteers Day that falls on Dec. 5.There are currently about 1,000 volunteers for the 12 Hangang parks and the four Hangang ecological parks.The latest Hangang Volunteers Day Anniversary Event featured a variety of commemorative events, such as an exhibition featuring works created by volunteers, a field trip to the National Institute of Biological Resources in Incheon, and a 2010 Seoul volunteers group competition. Others included celebration events and commemorative programs for the different volunteer categories, such as information center volunteers, as well as the 2010 Hangang Volunteer personal experience presentation program, among others.
Seoul City held an unveiling ceremony on Dec. 4 for the Road of Wind art structure, a city gallery piece symbolizing the history, miracles and hopes of the nations capital.The artwork, located in the southern end of the Mapodaegyo (Bridge) near exit No. 2 of Yeouinaru Station, measures 25 meters long and 10 meters high. It is the largest work of the city gallery art pieces, Seoul City said.The overall design of the Road of Wind artwork illustrates the head of a boat rising above Namsan, suggesting a powerful boat moving forward. Seoul City said this illustration symbolizes Seoul citizens filled with hope, despite all the obstacles they have to face.This structure not only functions as an art piece but also as a spectacle that brings enjoyment to the public as a pleasurable cultural piece in a public rest area.Visitors can stand on the spectacle piece, allowing them to imagine and feel the power of the boat passing along the Hangang (River) and Namsan (Mountain).Seoul City said it expects the piece to become a special attraction of the neighborhood.
The Seoul Business Agency (SBA), a professional business incubation agency that acts on behalf of Seoul Metropolitan City, announced that two Seoul Metropolitan City and SBA financed games had won awards at the 2010 Korea Game Awards in November. Sticker Shooting Star, a mobile game by Blue Pepper, and Aranuri, an educational game by SamG, were awarded for excellence in their respective categories.The Korea Game Award 2010 winners were selected in several categories, including on-line games and mobile games, by evaluation of judges, on-line netizen and games journalist votes, and evaluation of those in the games industry.Sticker Shooting Star is a mobile phone game equipped with an editor function to create stickers in the game. It was highly recognized for its unique features that enable users to exercise their creativity and have fun while creating their own game characters, weapons and other in-game resources.Aranuri, a Nintendo DS game, is a vocational education game for children. It is the first commercialized game to have been developed by the Seoul Metropolitan City. Indeed, Seoul has been supporting such projects for the past three years. The purpose of the game is to let children experience various jobs while enjoying the game. It was praised for successfully and simultaneously pursuing fun and education.Seoul Metropolitan City and SBA, encouraged by these achievements in the Korea Game Awards, plan to respond to the new needs of the games industry and enhance its support for new media games, such as SNG and smart phone applications, as well as mobile and functional games.
The Seoul Design Studio, established in October 2008 by Seoul Metropolitan City to provide support for the next generation of designers, is holding an exhibition of its 45 3rd year tenant designers under the Design 45Creative at the Design Gallery of Dongdaemun History & Culture Park theme. This special exhibition, displaying the passion and creativity of the 45 tenants, will be held from December 1 to February 14, everyday, from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. and admission is free.Design Gallery, one of the annex facilities of the Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP), a new Seoul landmark and center of the design industry, will serve as the venue. Construction of this annex facility is expected to be completed in 2013. The exhibition characterizes the potential and distinguished identity of the Seoul Design Center where the 45 tenants carry out creative and experimental design activities. It was also planned to serve as a business opportunity for the tenants.Various side events, such as lectures by domestic and international design experts, a holiday gift market, and small-scale business events will be held along with the main exhibition.
Incheon International Airport is offering a discount of up to 2,000 won for users of airport bus services or taxis as of Dec. 1, Seoul City announced. Anyone can enjoy the Airport Bus-Taxi Discount Service simply by using a transportation card that Seoul City says will give cardholders the opportunity to save 1,000 won to 2,000 won on trips to Incheon International Airport from Seoul when using airport shuttle buses or taxis.Seoul City said it aims to contribute to easing traffic congestion, and thereby reduce pollution, by expanding use of public transportation services.As the Airport Bus-Taxi Discount Service boosts airport accessibility, it is also expected to ease traffic congestion by reducing the number of vehicles on the road by up to 24,000, according to Seoul City.Under the service program, taxis will pick up a customer at his/her own doorstep and transport the customer to a nearby city airport bus terminal, allowing commuters to get to Incheon International Airport with comfort and ease.
The central plaza in front of the Garden Five will come alive with an outdoor ice rink on Dec. 4, Seoul City announced.It highlighted that the Ice Garden nestled right in the city would be the earliest outdoor ice rink in the nations capital to open.. It will be operating until the end of February.The Ice Garden can accommodate up to 400 skaters. A total of 3,000 skaters can enjoy the ice rink each day, as its daily schedule will be organized into eight skating rounds.The ice rink is covered with a dome-shaped sky parasol featuring LED lights to create various moods from one that is romantic to one of fantasy.The Woods of Culture Project changes the Garden Five central plaza into a cultural recreational space to feature a diversity of premium programs, such as orchestra performances, dance and opera festivals, aerial acrobatics performances, and even exhibitions. All programs are available to the public for free.The Ice Garden is open from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. It welcomes every one of all ages.
Seoul City said it launched a dazzling exhibition of kites designed with traditional and modern patterns at the Namsangol Hanok Village on Nov. 25, offering visitors the chance to feast their eyes on 50 colorful kites until the end of the year.Kite-flying has been an age-old activity traditionally enjoyed by the young and old during the first 10 days of January. The activity also served as a symbolic means of banishing and forgetting all the misfortunes of the past year.Intangible cultural assets in the art of kite-flying are also participating in this exhibition. In addition to showcasing colorful traditional and contemporary kites, the exhibition features kites believed to have been strategically used by Admiral Yi Sunshin during the war. This story passed down by word-of-mouth from the town of Tongyeong, experts say.
Vice President of Uruguay Danilo Astori toured the Digital Media City in Seouls Sangam-dong area on Nov. 23, providing the high-ranking official with an up-close view of the symbol of the DMC  the Millennium Eye.The Millennium Eye features 12 LED rays, with a 3-meter LCD panel (called Global Eye) sitting at the center of a 30-meter disk-like structure called World Square. On top of the whole structure is a 23-meter tall media structure named Millennium Cell.The Global Eye displays in real-time the skies and the atmosphere of Uruguays capital city, Montevideo, a city positioned in the opposite side of the globe. Such presentation is aimed at allowing visitors to simultaneously experience the sense of a tower of strength and greatness of the global village, Seoul City said.To express the skies of Montevideo in real-time, Seoul City officials and creative artists visited Uruguay on Nov. 6 to sign an agreement to strengthen cooperation and boost technological support between Seoul and Montevideo.Vice President of Uruguay Danilo Astori and Foreign Minister Luis Almagro of Uruguay were two of the 12 visiting delegates from the South American country. These guests, accompanied by Seoul Vice Mayor Kwon Young-kyu, were given the opportunity to visit the Digital Media City, which Seoul City boasts is the worlds first planned media and entertainment cluster. Such occasion served to widen mutual understanding and allow the Korean capital to share its ideas and strategies for fostering state-of-the-art industries, Seoul City said. 
Seoul City said it recently selected 40 foreign students in Korea to take part in a five-week administrative internship program at each of the city governments departments starting on Jan. 7, 2011.This opportunity is part of the sixth Administration Experience Program to take place as part of the Global Internship Program launched by Seoul City in 2008 for foreign students studying in universities around the nations capital. Seoul was the first city in the country to adopt such a program.The five-week program entails a five-day workweek that runs from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Each of the interns will be placed in one of the 22 global operations divisions within the Seoul Metropolitan Government. Some of the work involves analyzing overseas case studies and exploring ways to relieve the inconveniencies experienced by foreigners.Seoul City said the internship program is aimed at providing foreign students in Korea the chance to experience administrative work and improve their understanding of Seouls administrative operations as they simultaneously gain personal experience. Seoul City believes such a program serves to help promote Seoul around the world through the participants and elevate Seouls image as a global city.A total of 140 foreign interns from 30 countries have so far participated in Seoul Citys internship program.
Seoul City announced that it will officially start operating an online service at the end of November that matches foreign visitors with compatible Korean host families to give guests the chance to experience the warmth of a Korean home.The city government issued public announcements in newspapers from Oct. 4 to Nov. 7 to recruit at least 200 families interested in opening their homes to foreign visitors as part of Seoul Citys home-stay program. The local government recently announced the 200 members of its 2010 Seoul Global Family program, who were selected through a strict evaluation process.The SGF home-stay home page will begin full service at the end of November, thanks to the cooperation between Seoul City and Seoul Tourism Marketing Co.Prospective visitors can choose their host family in Seoul through the SGF home page(http://www.seoulhomestay.net), which will be available in Korean, English, Japanese and Chinese. Reservations should be made at least 10 days in advance. Payments can also be made after the reservations.
11The 2010 Seoul Lantern Festival ended with a bang on Nov. 21 after 17 days of providing inspiring lights and glitter to the citys Cheonggyecheon (Stream) and its surrounding area.The first year of the countrys Visit Korea Year 2010-2012 campaign has been auspicious so far, as the Seoul Lantern Festival attracted more than 2.3 million visitors with its exciting glitz from Nov. 5 to 23, Seoul City said. This years show, themed Seoul, a Source of Beaming Hope, featured 27,000 lamps, which included not only traditional Korean designs but also 567 international works from across 24 countries, such as Japan, China, the Philippines, Singapore, New Zealand, Malaysia and Africa.One of the most popular foreign lanterns was the Dachinaputa, an eight-meter high lamp from Japan. The grand size and vibrant colors of Chinas Shanghai Yewon lantern also attracted crowds.The lantern party was also popular with the public for its diverse activities.Another success of the lantern festival was the availability of a cultural interpretation program in various foreign languages to cater to tourists. A particular highlight of the event was the special presentation of intangible cultural assets, such as the performance by a group of Korean Namsadang Nori (traveling male entertainers) that is quite rare.
Seoul City announces measures to counter economic repercussionsThe Seoul Metropolitan Government has taken initiatives to minimize the possible repercussions of North Koreas attack for Seouls economy such as a reduction in foreign investment and a decrease in the number of tourists. While strengthening monitoring of trends in the economy, the city has established a cooperative network with related government agencies to jointly cope with the situation.City officials held an emergency meeting on Nov. 25 under the chairmanship of Mr. Young-gyu Kwon, Vice Mayor I for Administrative Affairs, to assess the impact of the North Korean artillery attack on the financial markets in and outside Korea and discuss measures to counter possible economic repercussions and public anxiety.The city government has been closely monitoring developments at major tourist attractions and the tourism industry in Seoul and is making every effort to ensure the perfect safety of foreign tourists.Seoul City will closely work with foreign businesses and organizations in monitoring overseas economic trends so as to prevent distortions of the Korean market like the Korea Discount phenomenon, while exerting special efforts to ease fears of foreigners living in the city.In addition, the city government has tightened supervision of prices of goods that are related to everyday life of citizens, including the agricultural and fisheries products, in order to secure stability in price and supply of those goods.The Seoul Metropolitan Government said there has not been a remarkable change in the number of foreign tourists since the North Korean shelling. Despite cancellation of some scheduled visits, tourism, in overall terms, remains stable.Foreign tourists now in Korea do not seem much disturbed and are visiting major attractions in the city like Cheonggyecheon Stream, Gwanghwamun Square and Bukchon Hanok Village as usual. The number of visitors to these places has not changed much, a city official said.Quoting stock analysts, major foreign media including Reuters have reported that the skirmish was not likely to bring about big plunges in foreign investor sentiment.North Korean provocations are an issue already familiar to foreign investors and therefore, the new military collision is not likely to cause their exodus from the Korean market, they said, forecasting a limited impact.Standard and Poors, Fitch, Moodys and other international credit-rating agencies also have predicted that despite the fears caused by the North Korean attack, Koreas credit rating would remain the same.Hang Do Choi, Assistant Mayor for Economic Promotion Headquarters of Seoul Metropolitan Government, said that Seoul citizens have returned to normal life and Seouls economy also has been back to normal thanks to the prompt countermeasures to relieve fears in and out of the country. The city government is all prepared to ensure that foreign investors and tourists do not face any small inconvenience while in Seoul, he said.
The bronze statue of Admiral Yi Sun-sin that was recently taken away from Gwanghwamun Square for repair and will now be replaced with a cover in the image of the admiral himself, Seoul City said.The replacement was carried out on Nov. 21 late in the evening, rather than the daytime, for public convenience, Seoul City said.The absent space on Nov. 14 had been temporarily covered up with planks with the message saying, Now changing attire. The message garnered favorable responses from the public, such as original, fun, and befitting a design-sensitive Seoul.Despite the positive response, Seoul City said the cover had to be replaced with a design of Admiral Yi because the statue serves as a symbolic landmark of the nations capital and would be widely missed by the citizens.A Seoul City official noted that the significance of replacing the initial plain cover is to allow the public to see the admiral, even during the refurbishment period, in observance of Yis wish  Dont let anyone know of my death.During the repair period, Seoul City has put a special LED program called I, too, am Admiral Yi Sun-sin on show at Gwanghwamun Square. Visitors to the site can also try on a suit of Yis armor to get a sense of what it must have been like to be a warrior in his time.The bronze statue of Admiral Yi is currently undergoing sanding treatment at a repair factory in Icheon City, Gyeonggi Province. The project is being managed by experts, and the statue will undergo a scientific and systematic repair process. Seoul City confirmed that a strong and refurbished Yi is expected to reappear in his original spot on Dec. 22.
The countrys largest public call center  the 120 Dasan Call Center  celebrated its launch on Nov. 18, 2009, to provide foreigners with a convenient one stop service for all their travel and living information needs, on a single phone number, wherever they are in the country.Seoul City said the number of daily calls as of Nov. 18, 2010, the call centers first anniversary, had topped 20,000, thus positioning the center as Seouls premier public call center.In addition, the daily average number of callers to the consolidated public call center totaled 40,514, more than a two-fold jump from the average of 19,707 calls before the consolidation. Meanwhile, a total of 12.9 million consultations were provided.The 120 Dasan Call Center is aiming to continuously evolve to offer the best quality and diversity of services. As a complement, a web-based free consultation service  the Web Call Service  is also available.The mobile-phone text messaging service has been available in five languages since Feb. 24, 2010. The languages cover English, Chinese, Japanese, Vietnamese, and Mongolian.The record of sought consultations serves as a valuable source for gauging the current interests of citizens, Kim Chul-hyun, an official at the Seoul Metropolitan Government, said. We will make every effort to serve as the closest communications channel to the public and be as receptive as possible, he added.
Seoul City said it will jointly launch the Korea MICE EXPO 2010 with the Korea Tourism Organization on Nov. 23 at the COEX in southern Seoul.The exhibition has been serving to invigorate the areas of MICE (meetings, incentives, conventions, and exhibitions) since its formation 10 years ago.The initiative, first launched under the name Korea Convention Industry Expo in 2000, has been part of Koreas role in contributing to the international efforts to create a new demand for MICE and promoting the balanced development of the convention sector in the local market. Seoul City said the nations capital had won the honor to hold the event for the next three years, based on its experience and accumulated know-how, in order to help the fair lead the shaping of the global MICE paradigm.Seoul City said the success of the G20 Seoul Summit will allow the country to make strategic use of the citys elevated brand value in raising global awareness of the Korea MICE EXPO. Seoul has ranked within the worlds top 10 convention cities for the past three consecutive years. In 2011, the Korean capital is looking forward to hosting the World Congress of Dermatology, a grand-scale international event expected to attract some 20,000 participants.The upcoming MICE EXPO, which runs until Nov. 25, will be held under the theme The New Future of the MICE Industry. The fair is expected to draw 300 buyers from home and abroad, as well as MICE-related organizations and businesses. The participants will be a truly international group hailing from all over the world, including regional neighbors like Japan, Singapore and Hong Kong.Seoul City said that plans are underway to position the Korea MICE EXPO as a specialized global exhibition.
The Korean capital has a smorgasbord of Hangang (River) ecological programs available with one of the latest offering the public a chance to learn about dining and making their own dishes, Seoul City said.The program is part of the Eco-Romanticist program designed for couples and held at the Nanji Wilderness Exploration Center every Wednesday from 6:30 p.m. to 8:30 p.m.The Eco-Romanticist dining class allows couples, young and old, to learn about healthy eating with local fresh ingredients rather the artificial flavorings, preservatives and trans fats that threaten todays consumers. Seoul City said the program also allows participants to prepare their own dishes, thereby encouraging them to reflect on leading a healthy lifestyle.The first session of the Eco-Romanticist program, aimed at raising awareness of local foods, was held in October. The wonderful public response prompted the expansion and addition of the program to the Eco Camp program held at the Nanji Ecology Marsh Support and Camping Site for families with young children.Families interested in the local food and eco-cooking class can participate in the Group Eco Camp held every Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. Another option is the Two-day Family Getaway to Nanji Hangang Eco Camp available every second and fourth Saturday and Sunday of the month.At the Godeok Waterside Ecology Restoration Site, parents can catch the Safe Eating for Our Children class held once every month. Participants are able to test the ingredients of various snacks and drinks and thus better understand why providing healthy snacks to children is important.Classes in December are available for reservations as all the classes scheduled for November are fully booked.
The Seoul Zoo was able to share a wealth of newborn animals of rare species for its 101st anniversary on Nov. 1, thanks to the successful mission of the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES), Seoul City said.The Seoul Zoo is home to as many as 3,000 animals, of 320 species from all over the world. CITES plays a role in protecting endangered species.From January to October this year, the local zoo saw a total of 303 births of 59 different species, a jump in numbers compared to 2008 when it registered 198 births across 59 types of animals, and also 2009 when it recorded a total of 137 births among 53 different species. Seoul City said its remodeling of the zoo has helped the national facility become a growing treasure of the eco system.Some of the newborns included four cranes, two storks and otters. Seoul City said the births are even more significant because the animals are designated as rare endangered species under CITES.
Light posts operating on solar LED power will mark their debut here in front of the piano water fountain at the Convention Exhibition Center, the venue of the G20 summit, Seoul City said.It said the greenhouse gas-free smart solar LED lights will promote Seoul as an environmentally friendly city by symbolizing its efforts to rein in carbon-dioxide emissions and implementing green energy measures.The solar LED lights are the result of the joint green technology research and development effort between the Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Korea Institute of Science and Technology. The objective was to develop an LED lighting system by producing electricity with stored solar energy accumulated throughout the day.The light posts were tested on the site of KIST for their consumption capacity, lighting power and overall durability. The ultimate light posts for debut were then installed at the COEX with a set standard and design.To step up our pace of becoming an environment-friendly city, we plan to develop 10 green technologies tailored to Seoul and help create 1 million green jobs, Seoul City said.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced that the Seoul Grand Zoo completed renovation of the Second African Pavilion. And in celebration of its 101st anniversary, the zoo is planning to open the Grassland Exhibition Hall on November 1, 2010.The Grassland Exhibition Hall was built to raise public awareness of the importance of the natural environment and the sanctity of life by allowing visitors to get closer to wildlife through photos and videos.The Grassland Exhibition Hall has an eco-friendly earthen floor and all the concrete walls were replaced with wooden walls. The former glass windows of the animal enclosures were replaced with smaller windows to provide a more intimate view of the animals.Three endangered species, 25 sandfish lizards, 35 naked mol rats and 4 leopard turtles, brought from the U.S., Egypt and South Africa, will be available to see on November 1.So far 79 heads of 6 species have lived in the Second African Pavilion, such as 7 hippopotamuses, 2 nyalas (Southern African antelope), 3 sitatungas (swamp-dwelling antelope), 12 white oryxes and 55 babary sheep. Especially, the white oryx is listed as an endangered species on the IUCN Red List.
Lets show the world Koreas citizenshipThe G20 summit is a big event and hosting it naturally holds great significance not only from the perspectives of global finance or economic stability but also from South Koreas national perspective as host country.The focus of the summit, of course, is more global and macroscopic in scope. But Asias fourth-largest economy could not ignore the opportunity of promoting and raising international awareness of South Korea through reports of the global event that are circulated worldwide. One of the major roles of the local branch managers of the multinational companies here is to successfully oversee company-level and national-level business activities.As such, the chief executives exert their utmost efforts towards ensuring that members of the board, when visiting the local branch, leave with a good impression, while aiming to boost their confidence in the South Korean market. This is indispensable for making budget decisions that apply to the local market. The G20 summit, no doubt, is an event significant enough to draw the attention and interest of multinational corporations and their executive members.On a similar level, the Korean citizens, including Seoulites, can thus look forward to a positive effect. Therefore, the citizens of Korea should stand straight and thrust their shoulders back to confidently let the world know about Korea. This nation should be proud of its Confucianist etiquette and proclivity towards showing respect and consideration to others. Together all Koreans can show the world a mature and developed nation. Alan Timblick (Head of the Seoul Global Center of the Seoul Metropolitan Government, UK)A chance for Korea to become the center of the world economy: the nation must be prioritizedI was able to understand the diverse views of the South Korean citizens when I attended the anti-G20 Summit rallies held at Boshingak on Oct. 1. One person cited the G20 Seoul Summit as being part of a capitalist conspiracy, while another criticized the global event as being a waste of tax-payers money by the Lee Myung-bak administration.As a foreigner, I can fully understand their views. But I believe the G20 summit is something that South Korea deserves to host, because the G20 Seoul Summit allows the country to not only raise its national brand value but can also help place the country as one of the major players in the global economy.The global economy is now at a crossroads. And as chair of the G20, Seoul can take lead in addressing the issues pertaining to the world economic system, which could be a big help to national advancement in the long-term. The Korean people, therefore, should not measure the costs of the occasion but rather make the effort to ensure Seoul successfully hosts the G20 summit.Although most of you all may already be aware, the Seoul Summit will cover three new agreements. Among these, I am personally most interested in the issue of development. I believe that South Korea can serve as a bridge between the developing economies and the advanced ones. In fact, I believe an ongoing challenge and issue for Korea is development, an area that I project will continue to be a main concern in the post-financial crisis era and in the long-term. Therefore, I look forward to seeing what kind of concrete results come about in November. Wu Xue (Chinese exchange student at Korea University)Hopes for bridging the advanced and developing economiesThe fifth G20 summit will be held in Seoul from Nov. 11 to 12. As a Chinese student studying here in Korea, I look forward to this country playing an advanced role in the global community.Sustainable development means the balanced and harmonious development of the economy, society and environment in respect of environmental preservation. This concept calls for humanity in the 21st century to accept an evolution in values and also to adopt a new developmental paradigm. I really look forward to all the G20 member nations agreeing on a framework that promotes sustainable development for both the advanced and developing nations.Half a century ago, Korea succeeded in overcoming the ravages of World War II. Today, it is an advanced nation that has overcome a turbulent recent history, including the 1997-98 Asian financial crisis, and survived the latest international financial crisis. From this perspective, not only can Korea understand the difficulties of developing nations while having the potential to act as their spokesman, but it also has the capacity to act as a bridge between the advanced and developing nations.Since Korea and China established diplomatic ties in 1992, the two countries have been continuously strengthening political, economic, cultural and educational connections. In 2008, Korea and China advanced their partnership through the strategic cooperation companion relations, which allowed the two countries to grow even closer. Korea and China play a very important role in Asia in terms of economic development and regional security. I believe the two countries mutual role in promoting peaceful coexistence will contribute significantly to world peace and development. Nan,Men Xiu (Chinese exchange student at Korea University)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has established a tourist information site called iTour Seoul (www.visitseoul.net). This site offers five languages and a one-stop ticket reservation service. The performance and movie section on the website provides information on various performances and movies, as well as allowing for ticket reservations and payment by users.The website renews its information on performances and movies every week. It is gaining popularity among foreigners as it is the countrys first service to allow foreigners to reserve tickets, as well as choose a venue and seat and pay using a credit card.The iTour Seoul application software can be used with the iPhone, Android, and Windows Mobile. And the Seoul Metropolitan Government is offering foreigners such phones containing the iTour Seoul application at the nations airports and the KT Roaming Center in the City Airport terminal.Those who want to plan their trips would find the Trip Planner service on iTour Seoul very useful. The service allows individuals to tailor their tours based on the information offered by iTour Seoul. The Trip Planner also provides transportation and map information, thereby enabling users to create a personal guide map.iTour Seoul is Seoul Citys official tourist web portal to help tourists from home and abroad enjoy the city in a more efficient and convenient way. The site also provides an online reservation service for accommodations, performances and movies. Detailed travel information and photos can be found on www.visitseoul.net and through the mobile web at m.visitseoul.net.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon was one of the 1,700 participants in the 2010 Kimchi-Sharing Love event held at the Seoul Plaza on Nov. 16.The annual kimchi charity event featured all the employees of the Korea Yakult Corporation and its sales staff, as well as the Cheong Wa Dae Pureun Nuri Childrens Corp.The mayor, in his speech of encouragement, stressed that prepared kimchi is not simply spiced-up cabbage but a food of love prepared with warmth and care for senior citizens without a family and underprivileged children. Therefore, the mayor added, the kimchi is meant to warm up the chilly winter months.Volunteers at the 10th Kimchi-Sharing Love event made the staple Korean side dish with a total of 57,200 whole cabbages. The home-delivery sales staff of Korea Yakult began delivering the kimchi to a total of 13,000 homes on Nov. 17.
The Seoul Lantern Festival will be extended to Nov. 21, a week longer than its original wrap up date of Nov. 14, Seoul City said.Weve extended the lantern festival to Nov. 21 because we want to provide tourists here with more things to see and enjoy and also give Korean high-school students here the chance to relieve their stress and hope for successful college entrance exams, which are scheduled for Nov. 18, said Ahn Seung-il, an official in the citys culture and tourism planning division.The 2010 Seoul Lantern Festival taking place in the Cheonggyecheon (Stream) area in the city center attracted an estimated 500,000 people on its first weekend, alone. The city launched the event on Nov. 5 with a lighting ceremony and a concert.As of Nov. 11, the seventh day of the festival, the number of visitors had hit 1 million, Seoul City said. The dazzling and colorful lanterns gracing the heart of downtown Seoul were donated by the 24 participating countries, which include Japan, China, New Zealand and Taiwan. The site has been a magnet to photo aficionados, including amateur photographers, Seoul City said.The lantern festival has been all the rage as it coincided with the G20 summit in Seoul. It thus features a lantern wishing for a successful global summit and another one for world harmony.
The imposing bronze statue of Admiral Yi Sunshin that has been guarding the Gwanghwamun Square will be undergoing major repairs for the first time in 42 years, Seoul City said.The spine of the statue currently has no support, while the iron bar serving as a horizontal support is corroded in various places. Meanwhile, the interior of the statue is also showing signs of the ravages of time with cracks and rust, making repair work all the more urgent.The project will call for the steel support of the statue to be replaced with a sturdier support made of stainless steel, while the cracked, corroded and damaged interior will undergo major repair.The repair project will take about 40 days and is expected to be completed by Dec. 22. Three experts in bronze casting, who were recommended by the Association of Professional Sculptors, will be managing the project.The statue was moved to a repair factory in Icheon on Nov. 14 for the repairs to be effected. In place of Admiral Yi Sunshin, Seoul City has covered up the site in Gwanghwamun Square and set up an LED screen.
On October 29, Seoul City gave its three recommendations for beautiful reed bed spots, along the Hangang (River).The recommended areas are Amsa Ecological Park, Banpo Hangang Park and the Reed Wind Path in Nanji Hangang Park.Amsa Ecological ParkAmsa Ecological Park is famous for its beautiful walking trail. Reeds, ditch reeds and silver grass form a colony on the river bank. Especially, silver grass is indigenous to this area of the Hangang (River). Banpo Hangang ParkDitch reed beds grow around the power transmission tower in Banpo Hangang Park. And the nearby observation deck and benches offer pedestrians and bicycle riders a great view and a decent place to catch their breath.Nanji Hangang ParkOn the Reed Wind Path in Nanji Hangang Park, ditch reeds, reeds and cosmos create a magnificent setting.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon congratulated the 4th Global Conference Alliance for Healthy Cities on its opening as it made its way to Seoul in late October, Seoul City said.The mayor gave a congratulatory speech at the opening ceremony on Oct. 28, underscoring the importance of promoting a healthy city. The global convention on health took place from Oct. 26 to 29 at the COEX in southern Seoul.The mayor, during his speech, vowed to foster the Korean capital as a city that prioritizes the health of its citizens and thereby improves quality of life by promoting a clean and green environment. He added that the global conference needs to further invigorate its network of global alliance healthy cities members, while it plays a role in devising a new policy framework for creating healthy cities.An estimated 1,000 people attended the opening ceremony. The participants included city mayors, scholars and relevant experts from as many as 91 cities across 18 countries. The first conference was held in Malaysia, while the second was held in China and the third in Japan. Seoul City said hosting this years convention served to generate an economic effect worth 14.6 billion won, both directly and indirectly, and also helped to create jobs. It added that it expects the event to bring extra benefits through its efforts to market the city. This years conference, which took place under the theme Ubiquitous Healthy City, featured international seminars, networking events, exhibitions, and on-site field trips. All of the activities were aimed at drawing up a future plan for advancement. The Alliance for Healthy Cities, the sponsor of the convention, currently consists of 158 cities and organizations from 11 countries.
Seoul has officially kicked off the car-free day 2010 campaign ahead of the two day G20 summit starting on Nov. 11, Seoul City said. The South Korean capital has been holding a car-free day since 2006 with the cooperation of a civic committee to promote environmental awareness and conservation.Seoul City believes the G20 global event taking place from Nov. 11 to 12 will serve as a good opportunity to show the citys world-class public transportation system to the international community with Seoul citizens cooperation.Seoul City and the Seoul car-free day joint committee asked for the publics voluntary cooperation during the programs launch held at the Cheonggye Plaza on Nov. 3, underscoring that public participation is a key to holding a successful G20 summit.A promotion campaign followed the ceremony with a parade that covered the Cheonggye Plaza, Seoul Plaza and Jongno. The parade members included members of the joint committee and about 600 civic group members.Seoul City said the launch ceremony also signifies the citys support for a global campaign to reduce carbon-emitting vehicles. The city government also extended its wish for a successful G20 summit through the unique parade featuring individuals decked out with each of the G20-member countries traditional costumes.
Seoul City said it plans to launch a pilot test for a bicycle rental system in Aug. 2011 that will enable residents to rent bikes with a credit card in the areas of Yeouido, Ttukseom, Banpo and the Hangang (River) Park.The Hangang Bicycle Rental System, which has been operating since March 2000, has been seeking to improve convenience and operational efficiency for the public. The upcoming pilot test will cover two bicycle rental shops at the Yeouido Hangang Park, one at the Banpo Hangang Park, and one at the Ttukseom Hangang Park. Seoul currently has 12 bike rental shops at 11 parks around the city.The Hangang Bicycle Rental System is not meant to serve as a major transportation means but rather for providing means of a recreational activity and a tourism program, Seoul City said. It highlighted that the latest pilot project will test the diverse transaction options, such as through credit cards, transportation cards and cash for the public, as well as help gauge the rental volume and revenue in real-time through an RFID card.
Traditional items reflecting the culture and society of ancient Korea are on show at the Namsangol Hanok Village, which Seoul City stresses is the result of its consistent efforts to support the preservation of traditional culture.Seoul City noted that the exhibition, taking place from Nov. 10 to 24, is part of its aim to raise interest and deepen the publics understanding of traditional Korean culture as it seems to be in danger of becoming detached from the busy lives of modern people.The 2010 Support Exhibition for Vanishing Traditional Culture features about 40 pieces covering 14 categories. Seoul City said the show allows the public to experience the aesthetic taste and beauty of their ancestors through items that showcase the skills of dyeing and weaving, quilted works, royal attire, and traditional paper handicrafts.This annual exhibition was founded in 1996 with the goal of preserving Koreas traditions. The city government selected individuals that were actively playing a role in preserving traditional assets to participate. The individuals submitted applications for participation in the annual show, and Seoul City selected the successful applicants through a screening process. The selected applicants are entitled to receive financial support by the government for their effort.Visitors can receive a free booklet featuring the collections on show.The exhibition is closed on Tuesdays. Opening hours are from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.
Seoul City said it unveiled the symbol of the Digital Media City  the Millennium Eye  on Nov. 9 as it celebrated the completion of the 13-month long city landmark project.The Millennium Eye, built within the World Square, boasts the Global Eye, which features a monolithic LCD panel. On top of this is a 23-meter high media structure called the Millennium Cell.The Millennium Cell symbolizes scientific technology at its best, Seoul City said. The structure features 140 mirrored spheres that reflect their surroundings. The Global Eye visualizes the sky, on the opposite side, in real-time.The state-of-the-art Millennium Eye has captured the advancement of media and technology in a concrete form, thus symbolizing the connection between the present and the future through modern media technology and the scientific philosophy of the past.The Millennium Cell, acting like a mammoth mirror, shows that the fundamentals of media technology reflect a positive image of the world. The rising water bubbles on the surface of the structure reflect the DMCs lofty vision of leading the world in to the future of the digital media era.The World Square symbolizes a media smelting furnace bringing together the dreams of all people around the world. This site is meant to serve as an artistic space that encourages the public to share their thoughts.
Eco-Friendly Green Cars were the first taste of Korea that the opinion leaders from home and abroad have been receiving as of late due to the courtesy transportation services offered by Seoul City during the G20 Summit.Seoul City said it has revealed 53 green vehicles to provide transportation for local and foreign journalists during the Nov. 11 to 12 global summit, underscoring that it was the ideal time to show the world the countrys advanced green-vehicle technologies. It added that the summit would serve as a momentous occasion to expand the supply of green cars in Korea.Seoul City expects this occasion will act as a great opportunity to promote the state-of-the-art technologies of local companies to the global community, without the overhead of marketing costs, as well as to promote the citys policies and philosophies aimed at fostering an eco-friendly city.A total of 38 eco-friendly cars were developed this year with the cooperation of companies like Hyundai Motors, GM Daewoo, and Hankuk Fiber. Another 15 hydrogen cars developed with globally competitive technologies were revealed as well.The fleet of green vehicles includes 10 electric cars called BlueOn, a brand launched by Hyundai Motors. It is touted as being the second electric car to have been developed in the world. Four electric buses and another 10 electric cars are GM Daewoos Lacetti Premiere Range. 10 other electric buses included in the fleet are the e-Primus that was jointly developed by Hankuk Fiber and Hyundai Heavy Industries. The V-Green vehicles make up the other four.Two hydrogen buses by Hyundai-Kia Motors and 13 Mojave hydrogen cars are also featured.Sixteen buses are operating either on electricity or hydrogen fuel and are running as shuttle buses to the summit sites. A total of 37 passenger green vehicles, such as BlueOn, are available to local and foreign journalists and participants of the summit.
Seoul City announced on October 27 that it would extend the operational period of the Hangang water fountains to November 14 to highlight the beauty of the river to the world during the G20 summitThe fountains were scheduled to cease operations by the end of October, but now the Moonlight Rainbow Fountain (Banpo), the World Cup Fountain (Seonyudo), the Music Fountain and Water Screen (Ttukseom), the Plaza Fountain (Yeouido) and the Mirror Fountain (Nanji) will all continue to operate in to November.In October, there was a citizen participation event in Banpo Hangang Park that proved a smash. Thus, the event has been extended to November 14.Citizens send stories they have narrated in the form of MP3 files, and the stories are introduced right before the Moonlight Rainbow Fountain is switched on.The event is popular with those planning a marriage proposal, but it also offers an opportunity to express gratitude or make an apology to a family member or friend.
A group of foreign volunteers have emerged as cleaning guards for Seouls royal palaces, the Seoul Metropolitan Government said.It said the 30-member team of foreign volunteers from the Seoul Global Center took part in a two-hour clean-up project for Gyeonghuigung (Palace) located in Sinmun-ro, Jongno-gu, as of 10 a.m. on Nov. 9.The foreign volunteer team focused on rooting out weeds, dusting inside and outside the palace, removing spider webs, and clearing away foliage, Seoul City said.This fleet of volunteers will play a role in maintaining a clean city that lives up to Seouls reputation as a UNESCO-designated creative design city. They will also be promoting a favorable image to the growing number of foreign tourists here, as well aiding in the preparations for the G20 summit taking place from Nov. 11 to 12.After the clean-up, the foreign volunteers were offered an in-depth tour of the palace and provided background information on traditional Korean culture in order to expand their understanding of Asias fourth-largest economy.The team of foreign volunteers, who were comprised of foreigners residing in Seoul, has been active in volunteering for other community centers, such as those that look after senior citizens and children.
Seoul City said it was delighted to be able to hold a paper exhibition offering a ride down memory lane in Euljiro, the heart of the city, until late November.The paper exhibition called Space of the Memory features about 50 works created by the Korean paper craftsman Jung Eun-ha. The exhibition runs from Nov. 9 to 28 at the Hanbit Media Gallery.Seoul City said the exhibition is aimed at moving visitors to look back on the fond and beautiful memories locked away within them. Artist Jung Eun-ha said her memories and the emotions tied to them are captured in the colors of the paper she used in each of her pieces.The exhibition features trinkets, jewelry boxes, chests of drawers, and lamps made of paper. The unique characteristic of the pieces is that they combine sentiments of the modern and the traditional.Paper craft can also be enjoyed through digital images as high-tech presentations offer interpretations of the paper creations and the work of a photographer. Admission to the Space in Memory exhibition is free. The exhibition is open from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. It is closed on Mondays.
The Dongdaemun Fashion Creation Studio opened on the fifth floor of the Seoul Fashion Center in December, 2009. The Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Seoul Business Agency, an affiliated organization to support SMEs, collaborated in establishing the Dongdaemun Fashion Creation Studio, and about 80 rising fashion designers have now moved into the studio and are devoting themselves to fashion design. The Dongdaemun Fashion Creation Studio has individual design rooms, a workroom equipped with state-of-the-art sewing machines, a photo studio, an event hall and a conference room. In short, it is a one stop source for the creation and sale of fashion.Recently, the 80 designers in the studio held an exhibition of their work, and three of them were provided with a space for a select shop in Lotte Department Store. Select shops, or multi-brand shops, treat not a sole brand but deal in multiple brands depending on the choice of the buyers. Such shops are gaining popularity among consumers because they offer various distinctive items at 60~70% of the usual retail value.
Seoul City opened the doors to the Digital Media City Publicity Center on Oct. 18, offering the public a glimpse into the future of the nations capital through special effects that utilize cutting-edge information technologies and 3-D experiences.The center, now in full operation, also provides insight to the history of the making of the DMC, the worlds first high-tech complex for digital technologies, Seoul City said.The DMC Publicity Center is promoting the DMC cluster being built in Seouls Sangam-dong, and placing particular emphasis on the clusters unique role as a ubiquitous city featuring ubiquitous networked offices, apartments, and exhibition centers, among others. This grand project can be experienced through the Digital Media Street and various digital technology worlds.The number of visitors from home and abroad to the DMC has been growing steadily each year since its opening in October 2002. For instance, the cluster drew a total of 10,977 visitors during the first half of this year. Of the total, foreigners accounted for 4,873, or 44 percent, highlighting the growing number of foreign visitors to the site.The DMC Publicity Center underwent four months of renovation, which began in July, to become a more fun and exciting public space with a more exhilarating ambiance and more facilities for activities.The renovation project saw the creation of the Digi-Roof, which boasts a 12-meter multi-sided real screen that is a rare find in Korea. The space also features diversely shaped mirrors that give one the feeling of being suspended in outer space.The DMC Publicity Center is open Monday to Saturday from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Seoul City welcomes everyone.Admission is free. For a richer experience, Seoul City encourages prospective visitors to make reservations for a guide in advance by phone or through the DMC home page (http://dmc.seoul.go.kr/). The guides will provide visitors with a more thorough understanding of the DMC and thus make the trip more enjoyable.
Seoul City debuted the Mobile Seoul 702 multilingual service to allow foreigners visiting the city, during the G20 summit, to obtain a wealth of information about the nations capital on their cell phones.The multilingual service in English, Japanese and Chinese offers transportation, tourism and environmental information. Foreign visitors, during the Nov. 11-12 G20 summit, will be able to look up information about the global meeting and access the G20 Twitter site through the 702 mobile portal.Users can access diverse services that include transportation, tourism and Seoul statistical information offered in real-time.The multilingual Mobile Seoul 702 service will not only provide transportation information in real-time for foreign visitors but also for foreign residents.
Seoul City has selected 74 sites for its fall foliage and golden beauty initiative, allowing Seoulites to enjoy the romantic ambiance of the season up until mid-November.This years picks include the streets of Samcheong-dong, Neungdong-gil in Gwangjin-gu, the maple trees in Yangjae Citizens Park, the waterside of Jung-rang stream in Dongaemun-gu, and the walking paths along Seokchon Lake in Songpa-gu that are blessed with dazzling Yoshino Cherry trees.This year, for the first time, the city is holding a photo contest called Seouls autumn leaves and fallen foliage. Anyone can take part, as long as the submitted photo was taken in the capital. Participants can send their photos and application forms through the citys park homepage (parks.seoul.go.kr) throughout the month of November. Professional photographers will evaluate the entries and the successful candidates will receive a small gift from Seoul City, while their entries will be used for various city promotional projects.The Korea Meteorological Administration forecast that Seouls autumnal foliage, which would first appear on Oct. 22 on Bukhansan Mountain, would reach its peak between early and mid-November. ?? Photos of Seouls streets colored with autumn leaves ?? Autumn leaves, fallen foliage of 2009 
The waste bins in Seoul subway stations will disappear for the duration of the G-20 Summit this November, the Seoul Metropolitan Government said.Seoul Metro plans to have the waste bins temporarily removed from Nov. 1 to 12. Also, postal-service booths and storage lockers will not be in service from Nov. 8 to 12. Seoul Metro said it believes the public will cooperate, despite the inconvenience, as the moves are part of safety measures for the general public.The government said it plans to also set up new facilities and dispatch more personnel to boost security. For instance, 184 surveillance cameras will be installed around 92 public lockers and around escalators. The number of security guards will also be ramped up at the entrances of and within subway stations. Volunteers, soldiers and police officers will also be dispatched to ensure tight security at each subway station.The ramped up security measures will also increase the monitoring of the overhead baggage racks and below the seats on subway trains. Emergency task force teams will also be dispatched at the slightest suspicion of terrorism, while the monitoring of unmanned substations, tunnels and communications systems will also be tightened.
Line No. 9 to feature nations first automated bicycle parking lotSeoul City held a groundbreaking ceremony on Oct. 25 for the third phase of construction of Subway Line No. 9, which began on July 24, 2009, to connect the area of Doonchon-dong in Gangdong-gu and Bohoon Hospital.Seoul City said that the number of Subway Line No. 9 users, within 50 days of the completion of the first 25.5 kilometer phase from Gimpo International Airport to Shin Nonhyun, had hit 10 million. As of July 2010, the comparable figure had touched 80 million and 100 million as of September.Construction of the 4.5 kilometer route linking Shin Nonyhyun and the Sports Complex began in June 2008 and is scheduled to be completed in 2013.The local government injected 1.35 trillion won for the third phase, which stretches 9.14 kilometers and connects Jamsil-dong and Bohoon Hospital. This phase will add eight more subway stations and allow commuters to conveniently transfer to Subway Lines No. 5 and 8.Subway Line No. 9s third phase starts off at Songpa-gu in Jamsil-dong and passes through the Samjeon four-way intersection in Jamsil-dong, Seokchondongs Baemyung four-way intersection, Songpa-gus Bangi four-way intersection, and Olympic Park Station on Subway Line No. 5 to connect to Bohoon Hospital located in Doonchon-dong in Gangdong-gu.Line No. 9 operates an express train for the convenience of commuters, Seoul City said. This line boasts screen doors, an environmentally-friendly design and natural lighting. The local government said plans are under way to install the countrys first automated bicycle parking facility in Line No. 9 subway stations.Completion of Line No. 9s third phase would significantly improve commuting conditions for the residents of the Songpa and Gang-dong areas of Seoul, a Seoul City official said. The full opening of this line and its express train will reduce travel time from Gimpo International Airport to Bohoon Hospital to about 45 minutes, allowing the city to provide an even more convenient and safer public transportation service to the people, the official added.The groundbreaking ceremony for Subway Line No. 9s third phase of construction was held on Oct. 25 at Olympic Park.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced that the 2010 FAI Seoul International Aeromodelling Festival is to be held in Gwangnaru Hangang Park from October 30 to 31. Eight world renowned pilots have been invited, and about 30 Korean flyers will participate in the event.Famous pilots, such as Sevastiano Silvestry (Italy), Ali Manchini (England), Steve Bishop (England), and Matt Bishop (England), are expected to excite the crowds with their demo flights. 30 Korean Pilots were selected through preliminary trials held on October 23 and 24. The demo flights are scheduled for October 30 and 31.The Seoul International Aeromodelling Festival was the first competition to be approved by the Commission Internationale Aeromodelling (CIAM), a section of the Federation Aeronautique Internationale (FAI).After the Wright brothers built the worlds first successful airplane in 1903, the International Olympic Committee discussed the issues related to air sports in Brussels, Belgium, two years later in June 1905. On 12 October, 1905, an international aeronautical conference was convened in Paris, and after two days of debate, the Fdration Aronautique Internationale was founded on 14 October, 1905.Five types of model airplanes will participate in the competition, such as scale fixed wing propeller aircraft, scale fixed wing jet aircraft, scale rotorcrafts, giant acrobats and scale aero tow gliders.
Heres the chance to excavate a Seoul attraction heretofore undiscovered and develop it as a new and creative tourism program for the fourth Seoul Love Competition taking place until Nov. 12.Seoul City has organized this years event hand-in-hand with the Visit Korea Committee and the 2010-2012 Visit Korea Year with Seoul campaign under the main theme A Seoul with Happy Citizens, A Seoul Loved by the World. It has also endorsed the special Friendly Korea, Wanting to Rediscover Korea theme in order to raise global awareness of Asias fourth-largest economy.Seoul City said the general theme connotes a warm and welcoming Korea filled with diverse attractions that cover festivals, culture, information-technology and design.The competition covers four categories: video images, web tunes, animation, and storytelling. Seoul City particularly emphasizes and encourages storytelling through multi-media forms, such as video images, that are possible to adopt as an application
Britains Dulwich College held an official celebration of the opening of its Seoul facilities on Wednesday, opening doors to first-class British education to foreign students in Seoul, the Seoul Metropolitan Government said.The school symbolizes Seouls successful efforts in securing one of Britains leading educational institutions, underscoring the citys chance to improve the quality of education for foreign residents here, while boosting foreign direct investments.Unlike the other foreign schools in Seoul, Dulwich College Seoul is the first world-class foreign school successfully directly secured by Seoul City in order to strengthen international competitiveness of the nations capital.Dulwich College, a world-class private school based in London, also operates branches in Shanghai, Beijing and Suzhou.Its Seoul branch, which opened on Sept. 2, has three stories including one basement floor with a total floor space of 12,618 square meters.The number of students from kindergarten to elementary school totals 500, and the enrolment quota placed on Korean nationals is 25 percent.The school has 37 teachers, which means one teacher for a group of six students. All classes are conducted in English.Seoul currently has 20 foreign schools, including the Seoul Foreign School in the Seodamun Yeonhui-dong area and the Seoul Yongsan International School in Yongsan-gu. However, the lack of a foreign school in the Gangnam area, equipped with the facilities, scale and curriculum on par with that of leading institutions abroad, had been hindering Seouls effort to attract foreign investment.Seoul City said it expects the establishment of Dulwich College in Gangnam (southern Seoul) to significantly help improve the foreign education environment in the area.
The number of visitors to Hollywood Theater in Jongro-gus Nakwon-dong area, dubbed as the Silver Cinema, hit 150,000 this October, the month of giving respect to the aged, Seoul City said. It attributed the achievement to the adult crowds steadfast love for the theater, which showcased 81 hit classics that included all-time favorites like Mama Mia.Silver Cinema opened on Jan. 21, 2009 as the nations first movie theater exclusively for senior citizens.With the month of October devoted to senior citizens, the theater launched a special exhibition titled I want to cry on Sept. 24.This specially planned event featuring tear-jerking films seeks to provide a cathartic effect to the older crowds by allowing them to relieve all their pent-up stress through the emotional and moving scenarios.Silver Cinema has also been running the On the hunt for film screenings for the fifth round since June.For those who find it difficult to make their way to the theater, welfare centers for senior citizens carry a selection that aims to meet the general taste of this demographic. Some of the movies were My Love, Once More, Despite the Hate, and Tears of Amazon.
The impact of the design exhibition is creating a lot of diversity around the nations capital as it celebrates the Seoul Global Design City 2010, the Seoul Metropolitan Government said. One of them is the Korea-Italy food exhibition that has created a buzz around Seoul.The Design, Korea-Italy Exchange Exhibition, jointly organized by the Seoul Design Foundation and the Italian Embassy in Korea, is taking place at the event hall of the Dongdaemun History and Culture Park Station Park from Oct. 16 to Dec. 31.The exhibition sheds light on dining culture through food and industry related designs as well as hotel designs.The food industry design section features diverse tableware items designed by a Korean designer, which has been created into a prototype with the technology of the Italian company Cuccini.The hotel design section showcases a new style of hotel interior design created through the cooperation between a Korean design company and an Italian designer.
Seoul City said it had officially celebrated the launch of its fleet of G20 Summit volunteers on Oct. 31.The body of volunteers gathered for a successful G20 Summit will take on various duties from Nov. 8 to 13. The total of 5,817 selected members had undergone a strict evaluation process that included assessment of ones linguistic abilities and a rigid training process. These selected volunteers will provide assistance with accommodation needs, transportation, cultural and tour programs, publicity, and the B-Summit.The volunteers are expected to operate like a smooth network to ensure foreign visitors have a pleasant experience of Seoul by providing quick and accurate information concerning travel needs. These could be directions, accommodation information, transportation means, and the hot tour spots.Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon expressed his best for the G20 volunteers and urged for their utmost cooperation to ensure a successful summit. The mayor also highlighted Seouls designation as a creative city by UNESCO and held up a banner expressing the pride of Seoul citizens that is encompassed by their friendliness and giving heart.Following the G20 volunteers official launching ceremony, the city government held a pilot test of the volunteer group around the City Hall at hotels, subway stations and Deoksu Palace, with foreign actors set in place.The volunteer members will be attired in a uniform designed by Seoul City and will be on duty in teams of two or three. Each of them will also be carrying an identification card and a Seoul G20 Summit symbol badge will be visible on their chests. The back of the uniform will feature the UNESCO Creative Design logo.
Foreign visitors to Seoul can explore the capitals other side thanks to the upcoming meeting of the Group of 20 leading economies taking place in the Korean capital, the Seoul Metropolitan Government said.It highlighted that a wide array of cultural festivals have been rolling out ahead of the G20 Summit, which takes place from Nov. 11 to 12, and will continue to do so after the global meeting.Noteworthy event categories to have been launched by Seoul City thus far include the 2010 Seoul Lantern Festival, MAC Indie Festival, Samcheong Street Cultural Festival, and Seoul Arts Competition.For a successful G20 Summit, the city government said it planned the G20 Summit Commemoration Concert to be led by the world-class conductor Chung Myung-whun. The concert will take place on Nov. 7 at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts and Culture.Foreign diplomats, local and foreign journalists, foreign and local dignitaries, and other foreign community members will be invited to fuel support for a successful G20 Summit.Seoul City added that it plans to promote Seoul as a destination rich with cultural and artistic programs by actively supporting diverse cultural activities around the city.From Nov. 5 to 14, the surrounding areas of Cheonggyecheon (Stream) will light up with the 2010 Seoul Lantern Festival, under the theme Forest of Hope, in time for the global summit. The festival will feature Korean and foreign traditional lamps.Visitors to the artsy area of Hongdae will be able to see and feel the energy of youthful rebellion at the 2010 MAC Indie Festival set to take place from Nov. 19 to 20. The program will feature independent bands such as No Brain and Transfixion.The 2010 Samcheong Street Cultural Festival taking place until Nov. 14 will offer the public the chance to visit the areas famous museums and galleries. At the same time, visitors to the area have the chance to view and enjoy Gyeongbokgung and the Changdeokgung Palace.Seoul City also boasts various public programs related to traditional Korean culture amongst other things.For instance, Namsangol Hanok Village holds Korean cultural programs that can be enjoyed at an affordable rate. Some of the learning activities include paper folding, Gugak (traditional Korean music), ancestral memorial rites, and traditional Korean mannerisms and etiquette.Traditional handicraft can also be enjoyed as of Nov. 7 during the traditional cultural props exhibition taking place at Bukchon Cultural Center. The forms of handicraft used in the womens quarters and in other everyday miscellaneous goods of the past will be showcased.For more information log onto the respective homepage or contact the Seoul Call Center by dialing 120.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced that the 2010 Seoul Lantern Festival is scheduled to be held in the area of Cheonggyecheon Stream from November 5 to 14, 2010.Under the theme of Seoul, a Source of Beaming Hope, this festival will feature various lanterns from numerous countries. Also, other creative works such as G20 Lantern will also be on display.The opening ceremony scheduled to be held on Friday at Cheonggye Plaza will feature the sequential lighting of an eight-meter-tall lantern structure named the Gate of Hope and about 27-thousand lanterns from twenty-four countries.Delegates from home and abroad are expected to attend the opening ceremony including mayor of Seoul, Oh Se-Hoon, chief of the Seoul City Council, Huh Gwang-Tae and members of the Visit Korea Year committee. Performances of jazz and fusion music bands, the Yeosu Traditional Band and the group Beast will highlight the celebration.During the opening ceremony, actor Lee Byung-Hun, who was recently awarded the 2010 Seoul International Tourism Award, is set to be appointed as Seouls Global Ambassador.This years festival will feature more than 27,000 lanterns from 24 countries. Unique pieces of work will be invited for the exhibition such as Giant Lantern of Philippines Hei-tiki of New Zealand Yewon, Iryongsangtu and Byeongeomgamyeon of China Sibaraku Nebuta, Dachinaputa, Edoru, Bamboo Lantern and Umbrella Lantern of Japan.
Seouls Cheonggyecheon (Stream) is brimming with hope, as it launched a hope campaign prior to the 2010 Seoul Lantern Festival.This campaign, organized by Seoul City as one part of the 2010 Seoul Lantern Festival public events, has been encouraging Seoulites to make lamps and ribbons of hope, from Oct. 15. The event, taking place at the Chyeongye Plaza, is running until Nov. 4, the eve of the launch of the 2010 Seoul Lantern Festival.The program for making lamps of hope is open to the public with the aims of creating ones own lamp featuring a written personal wish. The one-of-a-kind wish lamps will be showcased at the Seoul Lantern Festival opening on Nov. 5.An event to make ribbons of hope is also taking place. Everyone, regardless of age or gender, is welcome to write down their wish on one of four ribbons representing Seoul for free. The colors include Namsan green, ginkgo nut yellow, Seoul sky blue, and red.The launch of the festival will then culminate with a phenomenal light exhibition featuring as many as 15,000 lanterns from 24 countries around the world invited to participate in the extravaganza by Seoul City.The event, mixing tradition and the modern, as well as Korea and the world, is expected to complement and accentuate the citys festive mood in time for the G-20 Summit coming up in November and in line with Visit Korea Year.
The Dream Forest of northern Seoul which has become a new tourist attraction in the city marks its first anniversary.The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced on October 16 that as many as 3.22 million people have visited the forest since its opening on October 17 last year.Of the many sites, Chilpokji (seven waterfall pond), Botanic Garden, Changnyeong Wigung Jaesa (Changnyeongwigung Ancestral Shrine), Wolyeongji, Cheongundapwon (lawn plaza), Childrens Park, Jumping Fountain, Mirror Pond and Ball Plaza have become many citizens favorites.There are also some cultural facilities. The parks observation tower is 49.7m high, and offers picturesque views of Bukhansan, Dobongsan and Suraksan Mountains. Not only the observation tower, but the art center, museum and design gallery are gaining popularity among many visitors.Now, in the Dream Forest, various concerts and exhibitions are being held. There are concerts titled, Viennas music box, One year anniversary festival and Travel to the Forest, and an exhibition entitled, Memories of Cheonggyecheon (Stream).In addition, there are always some small scale experience programs in the park. Experience programs like nature walks, sunset trails and park tours are provided free of charge every Wednesday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday.
This week, Seoul vs. Seoul met Guy Martin, a Michelin-starred-chef from France, who was recently named as Seouls goodwill ambassador. He was awarded with 3 Michelin stars. He was recognized as the Best Chef of the Year by the Gault-Millau Guide in 1999, and awarded ordre national de la Legion dhonneur, medal of Legion dhonneur, in 2003. He is truly a legendary chef of our times, and he talks about the taste of Korean food and ways to make it go global.  What was the occasion that has brought you to Korea?I was attracted to Seouls boundless energy. To be precise, I was invited by LG group to the event titled, Infinite Taste of Seoul which was held to promote the G20 summit. I heard that you like Korean food. How do you define the charm of Korean food?I think that affluence would be the right word to define Korean food. We should develop more recipes from Korean food that can suit the palate of people from around the world. And I think Korean food needs to become more dynamic to meet the seasonal changes. What do you think is the most representative cuisine of Korea? What would you recommend to your friends visiting Seoul, and why?I think that vegetable dishes of Korea are the most representative. However, I would recommend ordinary Korean dishes to my friends because a countrys food is like its history. What is the difference between Korean food and French food?Compared to Korean food, French food is still being developed. Recipes are not fixed, but they are constantly changing with times and open to the world.
Mayor Oh Se-Hoon met with Hokkaido Governor Harumi Takahashi and signed a Friendly Cities Agreement in Seoul City Hall Seosomun Building on October 15. The island of Hokkaido is located at the north end of Japan, and it boasts beautiful sceneries, hot springs and a snowy landscape attracting more than 5.5 million tourists annually.Mayor Oh said that he is delighted to sign a friendship agreement with Hokkaido, which has an internationally competitive tourism industry and marketing know-how in this field. He also made a request for advice for further development of Seouls tourism industry. It is first time for Seoul to sign a friendship agreement with a city in Japan, and it is expected to boost cultural exchanges and tourism between the two cities.
Fashion will be the talk of the town when the 2010 Fall Fashion Week opens this Friday, organizers said. The citys 10th fashion extravaganza, organized by Seoul City and the Seoul Fashion Week Committee, will take place until Oct. 28 at the Seoul Trade Exhibition and Convention (SETEC) and the Kring in Samseong-dong.Seoul Fashion Week will kick off with local designer Jee Choon-hees debut show at the Central Citys Millennium Hall at 1:30 p.m. on Oct. 23. Twelve other designers are also to take the stage of the opening show. The upcoming show will be the 21st fashion week held in the spring and fall for the past ten years, featuring a total of 896 designers. At the same time, 1,197 companies have participated in the fashion fair throughout the years, making it one of Asias largest fashion festivals, according to organizers.A 10th anniversary celebration event of Seoul Fashion Week will be held at the Leeum Samsung Museum of Art with the attendance of about 200 fashion figures from home and abroad on Oct. 25 at 8:30 p.m.Asias fashion week experts from Seoul, Tokyo, Shanghai and Singapore will also convene at the Seoul Trade Exhibition and Convention for the 2010 Asia Fashion Week Symposium on Oct. 15 at 5 p.m. to share views on the current status of fashion week and discuss future plans of the fashion industry. Organizers said Seoul Fashion Week committee chairman Won Dae-yeon and other industry leaders from China, Tokyo and Singapore will be taking the podium at the symposium to share their views. They said the forum will serve as a means to exchange views on Asias fashion week under the theme Rising Asia and seek ways to boost the competitiveness of Asias fashion week by strengthening cooperation between the four countries.
The cool autumn breeze caressing ones face as of late may stir some romantic emotions. On the other hand, the cooling temperature signaling that another year is about to close could trigger some resentment towards the merciless passing of time.But, Seoul City said it is here to provide fun and excitement with a street festival designed to shoo away daily anxieties and cleanse the mind. This special treat features a diversity of cultural performances, exhibitions and festivals organized each month.One of the highlights is the 2010 Gyeomjae Jeongsons Artists of Tomorrow, running from Oct. 14 to Nov. 9 at the Gyeomjae Jeongson Memorial Hall in Gangseo-gu. This event provides insight into the latest creative explorations of Koreas future artists through recommended works highlighted each month. The program allows attendees to meet the artists and take part in discussions. Another highlight of this event is the Oriental Medicine Experience running until Oct. 28 at Changdeokgung (Palace). Seoul City said both locals and foreigners have a chance to experience the medicine-making process for free. Attendees will, however, have to pay the fee to enter Changdeokgung (Palace).The World Culture and Arts Expedition, organized by the Seodaemun Cultural Center, is another event worthy of attention until Nov. 1. The event for both children and adults aims to widen visitors knowledge of the diverse cultures, history and heritage existing around the world. People all over Seoul are also encouraged to attend a concert night featuring The Barber of Seville at the Seocho Gumin Center on Oct. 22.The Seodaemun district, meanwhile, is offering free concerts staged by voluntary groups and performers throughout the month of October. In celebration of Octobers Culture Month, Seoul City announced that it prepared a wide range of exciting cultural festivals. For instance, from Oct. 15 to 17, the 2010 Gangnam Fashion Festival took place at various locations around southern Seoul, such as Dosan Park, COEX Plaza and Garosugil in Shinsa-dong. The show covered the latest fashion trends and simultaneously featured a street market and an open bazaar, offering locals a celebration of fashion through culture, business and festivities.The festive mood was also created by the 2010 Mapo Food Cultural Festival, which took place at M Palace Wedding from Oct. 14 to 15, and the 3rd Hangang Maponaru Salted Shrimp Festival, which ran from Oct. 15 to 17 at the World Cup Stadium Peace Plaza.
A six-day cultural festival will soon hit the museum-rich Sinmunro Street and the scenic Jeong-dong district. The Seoul Museum of History will kick off the The Saemunro Museum and Culture Festival 2010 on Oct. 22 at seven museums located on Saemun Road, with the cooperation of five cultural institutions.The festival, to be held until Oct. 27, will feature a colorful range of programs, which includes museum and gallery tours, classical and musical gala concerts, museum exhibitions, and hands-on events. Launched in 2006, this festival aims to raise public awareness of the hard-to-find cultural gems hidden on Saemun Road.The festival will open on Oct. 21 with the Seoul Philharmonics performance of Fun with Dr. Ohs Take on the Classics. The following day will feature a gala show of the Notre Dame de Paris musical, while diverse events designed for a wide range of audience members will kick off on Oct. 23. One of the scheduled shows is Miso(Smile) at the Jeong-dong Theatre. On Oct. 22, a performance by Rapercussion is expected to liven up the area around the Seoul Museum of History.
Asias largest music extravaganza  the 2010 Asia Song Festival  will light up the Jamsil Olympic Stadium on Saturday, as the regions top music stars gather in Koreas capital to put on outstanding performances.The 2010 Asia Song Festival marks its seventh anniversary this year. The program, which begins at 6:30 p.m., has been titled Lets go! G20 Concert in time for the Group-of-20 leaders meeting taking place in Seoul from Nov. 11 to 12.Asias largest music festival featuring the regions top artists will share music of hope to the world for this years concert jointly organized by Seoul City, the Korea Foundation for International Culture Exchange and United Nations Childrens Fund.Twelve hit artists from six Asian countries will take the stage to capture and dazzle the audience. The annual event plays an invaluable role in strengthening cultural exchanges between the countries and thus invigorating the regions music industry. With Seoul City at the forefront of this lofty event this year as the first Asian nation to host the meeting of G20 leaders, the Korean capital said it is exerting the utmost effort to elevate the citys perception to the international community. Seoul City said it also plans to establish the capital as the hub of Asias culture industry.Korean pop music stars BoA and Rain are expected to put on an adrenaline-rushing explosive performance, while the ballad group AM is expected to provide a soothing, yet inspiring one.Other leading artists from each of the participating major Asian countries will also mesmerize the audience. They include Sun nan and Yan Kun of China, Ayumi Himasaki of Japan, Leon Lai of Hong Kong and F4 of Taiwan.The finale of the concert will feature a heart-warming performance of the Lets go song by almost all of the stars who participated in the Lets Go campaign in honor of a successful G20 Summit.
Foreign residents in Korea are realizing success in establishing niche markets to fit the local market, thanks to the business school set up by the Seoul Metropolitan Government.Seoul City launched the Foreign Business College in April 2009, making the nations capital the first local administrative government to found such an institution, aimed at helping foreigners set up a business. The program teaches necessary basic business knowledge and provides insight to various industries. All classes are conducted in English.This year, 18 foreign entrepreneurs from eight countries, including Singapore, New Zealand and the United States, enrolled in the Foreign Business College and also received consultation services provided by the Seoul Global Center. Their areas of interest included wholesale, retail, information technology, consulting and education.Seoul City says it plans to run the business education program continuously, and the fourth round of the program is scheduled to begin in November.Applications will be accepted beginning in mid-November. They can be completed through the Seoul Global Center home page or at each of the village centers around the city.Foreign residents of Seoul with a detailed business plan will be given priority in the admission process.
Curtain falls on Seoul Design Fair 2010The 21-day design festival has come to a close. The Seoul Design Fair 2010, held under the theme Design for Everyone, took place from Sept. 17 to Oct. 7 in the citys four design clusters: the Jamsil Sports Stadium, Mapo and Hongdae, Guro Digital Complex, Dongdaemun Design Plaza and Park.This years festival highlighted a wider range of programs than ever before, while the design market enjoyed greater sales. Both developments served to help invigorate the design industry, the Seoul Metropolitan Government said.Seoul Design Market boosts sales by about 300 million wonThis years fair recorded an unprecedented number of participants from the areas of business, universities and designers. About 243 companies and brands took part in this years event, representing a 53 percent jump in participants compared to a year ago.The Seoul International Design Competition this year received 2,475 applicants, a two-fold increase compared to last year, while the University Research Exhibition attracted the participation of 47 universities from all over the world, 22 more schools than last year.Another development in this years program was the boost in the market-style exhibition, allowing for the active sales and purchases of featured works. The market-style exhibitions  Seoul Design Market, Domestic-Foreign Design Industrial Exhibition, and Green Garden Panorama  recorded an average daily revenue of 20 million won, a 280 percent surge from a year ago. The Seoul Design Market, in particular, achieved about 300 million won in sales, more than a two-fold increase from a year ago. Such achievement is significant considering the products sold cost less than 10,000 won, the Seoul Metropolitan Government said.Along with the shopping opportunities, the Design Seoul International Conference provided the opportunity to exchange and explore such subject matters as economics, sharing, and future between the 15 guest speakers and the 926 audience members. Diverse discussion topics, including Future Design Trends, Social Responsibilities of Design, and Rediscovery of East Asian Design, all served as an invaluable platform for insight for the public audience. Some of the major speakers of the conference were Chris Luebkeman from the United States, Stefano Giovannoni from Italy, and Kim Suk-chul from Korea.Seoul Design Fair to take place biannuallyExhibitions featuring Korean and Asian designs also enjoyed popularity. The Korea-China-Japan Lifestyle Exhibition introduced designs for vacant spaces, small dining tables, and books under the theme Conversation Space of a Family. The miniature model of Namdaemun by Shin Eung-soo garnered serious interest from foreign visitors, organizers noted.The educational and hands-on approach programs, including the design dream tree class and the idea imagination experience booth, were popular with families with young children. The Imaginary Childrens Garden, a permanent venue established in an annexed sports stadium, also elicited an ecstatic response because it features an exercise facility and rides that can be enjoyed by both parents and children alike.With the knowledge that public awareness of Seoul Design Fair has grown, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has decided to hold the Seoul Design Fair as a biannual event. The government said the next fair would take place at the Dongdaemun Design Plaza and Park, to be completed in 2012.
Seoul Mayor Oh Se-hoon gave a wholehearted welcome to the consultative bodies from home and abroad which gathered in Seoul for the Seoul International Business Advisory Councils general meeting.This years meeting entitled The Asian Century: City of Seoul, Major Opportunities & Major Challenges, brought together about 300 leading business leaders and economic experts from all over the world. Richard Smith, chairman of U.S.-based Newsweek and Nobuyuki Koga, president and chief executive officer of both Nomura Holdings, Inc. and Nomura Securities Co. were a couple of the high-profile participants.Stephen Green, the HSBC Chairman who is to become UK trade minister in January, captivated the audience with his keynote speech on Koreas stable position in the global economy, the countrys strengths and future challenges.The panel discussion sessions of the convention included such topics as future reform strategies to boost the competitiveness of Seouls industries in Asia, and Seouls growth strategy through gender mainstream in the future knowledge-based society.In his welcoming speech, Mayor Oh expressed gratitude towards the Seoul International Business Advisory Council for serving as an indispensable platform throughout the past 10 years, holding productive discussions on diverse strategies to improve the competitiveness of Seoul. While noting that SIBAC contributed to Seouls achievement in entering the ranks of the top 10 global cities, the mayor cited the citys next step of being ranked among the top five.The Korean capital established SIBAC in 2001 to act as a policy advisory body for the Seoul mayor comprised of global business leaders. The annual general meeting is held once in October or November and the discussion topics chosen each year are based on the advice needed by the mayor.The Seoul Metropolitan Government stated that SIBAC, comprised of 23 committee members and five advisory members, is a globally recognized economic body.
