From November 21 (Thu.) to December 26 (Thu.), 2019, Seoul Foundation for Arts and Culture will display the public art project Sowonbandi supported by Han Sung Motors Co. Ltd. and in which 5,000 citizens participated, from the Deoksugung Stonewall Walkway to the Seoul Museum of Art.Sowonbandi is a small lantern meaning wishing firefly light. It is also an environment-friendly product that is automatically charged during the day through an LED lamp with a photovoltaic rechargeable battery and glows at sunset.When citizens decorated their own wishing lanterns and made a donation, Han Sung Motors offered a corporate contribution of KRW 10,000 per lantern. The donations that have been accumulated in this way will be used to provide the disabled with opportunities to watch barrier-free performances.The president of Seoul Foundation for Arts and Culture stated that if companies contributions have mainly been used for creating hardware thus far, this project aims to create an environment where more citizens can be offered the benefits of culture and we will place more focus on barrier-free projects so that both the disabled and the nondisabled can enjoy culture without barriers.The opening ceremony of the Sowonbandi project will take place at the front yard of the Seoul Museum of Art at 6 p.m. on November 21 (Thu.). More information is available on the website of Art Seoul! Give Together (http://givetogether.sfac.or.kr). For inquiries, call +82-2-3290-7057.
Seoul opens ISeoulU Partners Pop-up Store from November 20 to December 1, 2019, in ArtArch Gallery located near Hongdae, Mapo-pu, Seoul. The store is launched to sell products born through branding jointly conducted by ISeoulU, the brand of Seoul, and small- and medium-sized companies.The ISeoulU Partners Pop-up Store is a unique pop-up store where visitors including regular citizens and foreign tourists can experience the applied brands through the collaboratively branded products.The ISeoulU Partners Pop-up Store is a distributive platform not only for co-branded products but the existing products of participating companies, providing the companies with the opportunity for mutual growth.Additional events are set to take place at the pop-up store. The Making ISeoulU T-shirt with Han Jemma program will be operated thanks to the talent donation by Han Jemma, art director and member of the Seoul Brand Council. The program will provide participants with an opportunity to understand the value and meaning of ISeoulU. Other events include Hongdae Tour with travel writer Lee Jun-cheon and seven days of ISeoulU busking performances at the busking zone of Hongdae. Overview of ISeoulU Partners Pop-up Store
  Period: November 20 (Wed.)  December 1 (Sun.), 2019, 10:00  20:00
  Venue: ArtArch Gallery, Hongdae (34, Dongmak-ro 9-gil, Mapo-gu)
  Main contents
   Selling co-branded products by ISeoulU and companies
   Displaying and promoting ISeoulU co-branding products Pop-up Store Experience Events
 Making ISeoulU T-shirt with Art Director Han Jemma
  Make your own ISeoulU t-shirt by coloring the ISeoulU logo on t-shirt with paint and fabric pens
  November 23 (Sat.) & 30 (Sat.), 17:00  18:00
  Workshop Room, 1F, ArtArch Gallery (free of charge)
 Hongdae Drawing Tour with Travel Writer Lee Jun-cheon
  Share travelogues at various tourist spots in Hongdae and draw and color the landscapes you saw in a rainbow coloring book
  November 23 (Sat.), 13:00  15:00, 15:00  17:00
 ISeoulU Busking Performances
Seoul selected 18 foreigners who love Seoul from 14 countries to become Seouls honorary citizens 2019. Mayor Park Won-soon of Seoul awarded them with honorary citizenship certificates on November 13, 2019 (Wed.) 4:00 PM in the Multipurpose Hall of Seoul City Hall.At the ceremony, the newly designated honorary citizens were praised for their activities through which they enriched culture and promoted coexistence, suffering through the difficulties of a multicultural society as foreigners.Since the conferment of meritorious citizenship to the foreigners who contributed to rebuilding the city around 1958, Seouls honorary citizenship has been presented to foreigners who have devoted themselves to the administrative development of Seoul, as well as foreign heads of states and envoys, to repay them for their help and as proof of an amicable relations.The candidates for honorary citizenship are selected through recommendations by foreign embassies in Korea, heads of public organizations, heads of social organizations, or a groups of more than 30 citizens. A screening of each candidate ensues, and then final consent is given by the Seoul Metropolitan Council.Mayor Park Won-soon of Seoul said, The landmarks of Seoul are its history of 2,000 years and 10 million citizens. A foreigner who visits Seoul or is based in Seoul is also one of the 10 million citizens of Seoul. The more diverse the perspectives of seeing a city are, the better the city can grow in a sustainable way As it is an honor for Seoul to have you as its citizens, we will make it an honor for you to have Seoul as your city. Seoul will make more efforts to become a livable city for foreign citizens.
On November 13, 2019 (Wed.), Seoul will be hosting the 2019 Seoul Tourism Start-up Forum under the theme The Future of Tourism Start-ups at Lotte Hotel Seoul. Celebrating its second anniversary, the forum will become a venue to share the latest trends in tourism and seek the vision and future strategies of tourism start-ups.Speakers of the forum will include  the keynote speaker, Kim Dae-gwan (president of Korea Culture and Tourism Institute, professor of Kyung Hee University),  and presenters Lim Soo-yeol (CEO of Frip, the social activity platform) and Lee Seung-hun (author of Platform, professor of Gachon University) Overview of Event
Songpa-gu Jangji Bus Garage and Gangdong-gu Gangil Bus Garage will be reborn into Compact Cities equipped with life-enhancing SOC facilities, a park (urban forest), and public housing.A total of 1,800 public houses for the youth and newly married couples, as well as convenient facilities that tailor to the lifestyles of the young people, will be constructed and 50% of the site will be turned into a green park. The existing outdoor lot will be rebuilt to be underground or indoors so that factors which can bother the residential environment generated in an outdoor lot, such as noise and smoke, will be removed. This will allow the space to transform into a new settlement.The integrated development of the bus garages is the 3rd project of the Compact City series conducted by Seoul. The city has presented new forms of Compact City models to recreate urban spaces using land on the roads, traffic islands, and rainwater pump stations.The Compact City model using bus garages will include  modernization of existing garages and lots,  establishment of public houses for the youth and newly married couples,  creating urban forests (parks),  expanding life-enhancing SOC facilities, and  reinforcing the function as a local life center.Mayor Park Won-soon said, Over the past seven years since my inauguration, Seoul has supplied a total of 140,000 public houses. We will make the ratio of public houses to be over 10%, higher than the OECD average, to secure the safety net for houses of the youth and common citizens. We will increase supply until it has an impact on the housing market. Not only will we expand the number of houses that are supplied, but we will also introduce innovative models to help the city develop in various ways. We will do our best so that the new, self-sufficient Compact Cities established in bus garages with houses, recreational facilities, and jobs can recreate urban spaces and lead the local development.
On November 11, 2019, Mayor Park Won-soon of Seoul met with Mayor Zhang Guiqing of Tianjin, the friendship city of Seoul with which Seoul has formed a 10-year friendship, to discuss in depth the ways of exchange and cooperation between the two cities in the fields of digital economy, smart city, and air quality in this age of the Fourth Industrial Revolution.Tianjin is one of the four direct-controlled municipalities of China and a representative city with economic power in the northern part of the country together with Beijing. Recently, Tianjin became the target of the Jing-Jin-Ji () Integration Plan together with Beijing and Hebei, increasing its influence.As ICT and big data are the new strategic industries that will lead the economic growth of Tianjin, Mayor Park introduced the Digital Citizen Mayors Office to Mayor Zhang, the smart city platform that is unique to Seoul and operated based on big data of the city.
Seoul will be dispatching a market development group to Indonesia for five days starting on November 11, 2019. Nine excellent small- and middle-sized businesses with green technologies located in Seoul were selected to be part of the group, which aims to invigorate green business and the proliferation of new energy businesses including renewable energies.The nine businesses were selected out of 18 companies that were hoping to be dispatched as part of the market development group to Indonesia, after considering their technologies, marketability, and green index.The companies will participate in a meeting with local government officials and another meeting with buyers, visit ASEIC Green Business Center in Jakarta, and conduct a university-business counseling session at Pasundan University in Bandung, Indonesia.The Green Technology Center is pursuing a variety of support programs for enlarging the market for green technology businesses, including support for overseas activities. More information is available on the official website (https://gtck.re.kr/frt/center/participation/g_center.do).
Seoul announced that the city has prepared special transportation measures for the convenience of students on the day of the 2020 College Scholastic Ability Test on November 14, 2019 (Thurs.). A greater number of subway trains will be operated, buses will run more often, the taxi rationing system will be lifted, and special means of transportation in case of emergency will be ready.810 private/public vehicles with the banner that reads For Students Only will be on standby near subway stations, bus stops, and other key locations to help transport students to their test sites. If students request, they can get a ride for free.On the day of the test, students with physical disabilities will have priority in reserving call taxis that are exclusively for the use of disabled.On the day of the College Scholastic Ability Test, Seoul will also have municipal and public corporation employees report to work one hour later at 10 a.m. so that students can arrive to their test sites on time.Each district will do its best to control noise by patrolling areas around the test sites. Nearby construction sites nearby were asked to minimize noise while buses and taxis were asked to refrain from honking their horns in advance so that students can concentrate on the test in a quiet atmosphere.Instead of driving a car, riding public transportation is recommended on this day as cars will be banned within a 200-meter radius of a test site, as well as to minimize traffic congestion.
On November 8, 2019 (Fri.), Seoul will be hosting the 50th Foreign Investment Advisory Council, bringing together experts in foreign investment, including CEOs of foreign companies and presidents of foreign chambers of commerce in Korea. The council will be held in the International Conference Hall of Seoul Global Center.At the 50th council, about 20 advisory committee members, including CEOs of foreign companies, will  share the results of the Foreign Investment Advisory Council over the past 20 years,  appoint three new committee members for the council, and  discuss ways to boost foreign investment and the economy of Seoul through womens empowerment.The political agenda of this council will be womens empowerment. As numerous multinational companies are increasing their ratios of female executives and making efforts towards gender equality, Seoul considers the leap to become A City of Gender Equality by empowering women as a necessary step for promoting foreign investment. Overview of the 50th Foreign Investment Advisory Council
On November 6, 2019, Mayor Park Won-soon of Seoul met with Cdric O, the Secretary of State for the Digital Affairs of France. The meeting took place in the Mayors Office in Seoul City Hall to discuss issues including policies for the youth, support for start-ups, and smart city.Secretary Cdric O is visiting Korea to reinforce the cooperative relationship between Korea and France in the field of innovation. As a French politician born between a Korean father and French mother, he visited Korea several times before for personal purposes. However, this was time his first time visiting Korea as a member of the French government.
	The World Smart Sustainable Cities Organization (WeGO) will be organizing the WeGO-ASEAN Smart Cities Network (ASCN) Mayoral Conference in Seoul from November 21-22, 2019. Governors and mayors from ASCN and the broader region will converge at the event, which will include keynote speeches, panel discussions, breakout sessions, and site visits thematically targeted to the needs of smart cities in ASEAN. About WeGO 
The World Smart Sustainable Cities Organization (WeGO), established by 50 founding member cities in 2010, is an international association of city and other local governments, smart tech solution providers, and national and regional institutions committed to the transformation of cities into smart sustainable cities. Its Secretariat is based in Seoul, with regional offices in East Asia (Chengdu, China), Eurasia (Ulyanovsk Region, Russia), Latin America (Mexico City, Mexico), and the Mediterranean (Beyolu, Turkey). With more than 185 members around the world, WeGO serves as their international platform to improve the quality of life, innovate in the delivery of public services, and strengthen regional competitiveness. What is the WeGO-ASCN Mayoral Conference?
WeGO is taking the lead to provide knowledge sharing and networking opportunities to ASCN, ASEANs initiative for 26 pilot citiesand countingacross the region. Plenary sessions will include keynote speeches from Korean ministries in charge of smart city development and diplomacy to ASEAN, along with heads of international organizations actively working to support ASCN. In a series of breakout sessions, governors and mayors will also be matched with a range of strategic partners who can assist in carrying out feasibility studies, pilot projects, and other arrangements jointly with cities toward the successful implementation of their Smart City Action Plans (SCAPs).  Program at a Glance 
Ahead of the 2019 ASEAN-ROK Commemorative Summit in Busan, WeGO will mobilize leading experts from national and local government, development agencies, research institutions, MDBs, and the private sector, to establish a dynamic platform for substantive exchange. Representatives from the Korean Government, World Bank, Asian Development Bank, and others will guide governors and mayors in how to tap into available resources to access the necessary funding and consultation for their projects. Korean partners will also showcase their bilateral agreements and other inroads with cities in ASCN. Mini roundtables tailored to the thematic focuses of the SCAPsBuildings, Roads and Public Space, Traffic Management and Public Safety, Solid Waste and Wastewater Management, and E-Government and Social Welfarewill be separately arranged and closely facilitated, with the aim to provide each city with a clearer roadmap for smart city development. Through this dialogue, cities will have the opportunity to identify areas of overlap with their peers in the network, and share common challenges along with insights toward joint solutions.Overview 
 Date: November 20-21, 2019
 Venue: Grand Hilton Hotel, 353 Yeonhui-ro, Hongeun 2(i)-dong, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul
 Participants: ASCN, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, Presidential Committee on New Southern Policy, Seoul Metropolitan Government, World Bank, Asian Development Bank, Economic Development Cooperation Fund, Korea International Cooperation Agency
 Organizer: WeGO
 Sponsors: Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Presidential Committee on New Southern Policy, Seoul Metropolitan Government
 Partners: Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport, ASEAN Secretariat
 Website : http://we-gov.org/
	The first stage of the rough sketch of the Hongneung Biomed Cluster is now complete. The Hongneung Biomed Cluster will be the base of the biomedical industry, which is considered to be a major driving force for the next generation by the city of Seoul.Seoul announced that the construction of all three buildings of Seoul Biohub (117-3, Hoegi-ro, Dongdaemun-gu, Seoul), the control tower of the support for start-ups in the biomedical field, has been complete and they are ready to be operated in earnest for the fostering of the biomedical industry.Seoul Biohub is the core facility of Hongneung Biomed Cluster and a space of support for biomedical start-ups that are less than five years old, housing a total of 67 biomedical start-ups. Currently, tailored support programs for all stages of a companys life cycle, such as R&D, consultation, investment attraction, and more, are being operated. Seoul Biohub is playing a pivotal role in fostering the ecosystem for biomedical start-ups in cooperation with related institutions, including universities, hospitals, laboratories, and local clusters.Following the opening of the Main Building (October 2017), which supports the development and commercialization of start-ups by providing educational and consultation services, and the Research Building (April 2019), which supports R&D, the Community Building for collaboration and communication will be opening on November 5, 2019 (Tues.).On November 5 (Tues.), Seoul will be holding the opening ceremony for the Community Building. More than 200 individuals, including Mayor Park Won-soon of Seoul and individuals from related universities, hospitals, and research centers in Hongneung, global companies, and biomedical industry organizations, will attend the opening ceremony and the welcoming ceremony for the start-ups that are moving in Seoul Biohub.The opening ceremony will include  business agreements with nine major hospitals and five major biomedical organizations in Seoul,  the Seoul Innovation Quick Fire Challenge Award ceremony, and  the Global Innovation Forum.For the second stage, Seoul has plans to construct the BT/IT Convergence Center by 2020, Global Cooperation Building by 2021, and Advanced Medical Device Development Center by 2024. This way, Hongneung, once the cradle of the economic growth in the 1960s, is expected to be reborn into the base for the biomedical industry.Mayor Park Won-soon said, Seoul has maintained its focus on the biomedical industry, as one of the driving forces for our future generation, and constructed Hongneung Biomed Cluster as the base for active entrepreneurship and R&D of biomedical start-ups. As the first stage, we have completed the construction of all three buildings of Seoul Biohub. The comprehensive support, including education, R&D, collaboration, and communication, will now be available. As we advance into the second stage, we will renovate Hongneung from being the cradle of the economic growth of the 1960s into the base of the biomedical industry.Aerial View of Seoul BiohubCommunity Building
 	Seoul will be hosting 2019 Play Seoul Week, a campaign for ameliorating playing environments for children, enhancing their rights to play, and improving civic awareness about playing. The play week will be held in parks and playgrounds for children throughout Seoul.This event was planned and is being conducted by the Seoul Play Civil Network, an organization formed based on the 2019 Seoul Playground Vitalization project (subtitle: Seoul Sings for Playgrounds), a civic governance project of the city.2019 Play Seoul Week will be operated in the form of a pop-up playground in 12 parks and childrens playgrounds in nine areas of Seoul from November 1 to 10. The programs will include playing activities for children, safety when using childrens playgrounds, and the campaign for the right to play.Citizens may feel free to participate in the playing activities with children by visiting the closest participating park or playground.For more information on 2019 Play Seoul Week being held under the theme Seoul Sings for Playgrounds, visit the website of Seouls Mountains and Parks (http://parks.seoul.go.kr/) or the blog of Seoul Play Civil Network (https://blog.naver.com/ecobuddy2019). 
 	Seoul will be hosting Seoul Bookstore Fair 2019 from November 9 (Sat.)  10 (Sun.). The goal of the event is to revitalize local bookstores through networking and information exchange between bookstores in Seoul, as well as fostering the reading culture amongst citizens. Seoul Bookstore Fair 2019 will take place in CREA (Dongdaemun Design Plaza, 2F) and Academy Hall (Dongdaemun Design Plaza, 3F).On November 9, 2019 (Sat.), bookstore owners from throughout the country will gather in Academy Hall (DDP, 3F) for the opening ceremony in celebration of Bookstore Day and to hold a conference.During both days of the event this year, a bookselling booth will be operated with the participation of owners of local bookstores, second-hand bookstores, and regular citizens in CREA (DDP, 2F). Participants will be offered booths for selling, displaying, and promoting their books. In case the bookstore owners are unable to keep their seat at the booth, consignment sale is also supported.Various cultural programs will take place at the event venue as well, such as meeting the authors, proverb reading club, portrait drawing in 15 seconds, silkscreen, and more. There will be an introduction to Seoul Bookshops, part of the local bookstore vitalization project, and exhibitions on the 120-year history of bookstores in Seoul that utilize the unique content from each bookstore.More information on the schedule of Seoul Bookstore Fair 2019 and to learn how to participate, visit the official blog of Seoul Library (blog.naver.com/seoul_library). Application for participation in the culture programs of bookstores is available by contacting each bookstore. For other inquiries, contact Seoul Library at 82-2-2133-0219.
 	Soprano Sumi Jo was appointed as an honorary ambassador of Seoul. The appointment was offered after she starred as the main model in a 2019 international promotional video for Seoul.The appointment ceremony took place at 11 a.m. on November 4 (Mon.), 2019 at Seoul City Hall. Sumi Jo received an appointment plaque from the Mayor of Seoul, Park Won-soon, kicking off a promotion activity for the city of Seoul. She remarked at the event, I have been thinking that I might have something to offer Seoul, the hometown in my heart, because I often become involved in work overseas. I will do my best to promote Seoul, the capital of the Republic of Korea, as I work around the globe.The global promotional video in which Sumi Jo appears will be used as a video representing the city of Seoul for major events in which the city is involved, both at home and abroad, on the citys official website, in foreign languages, and on SNS.An honorary ambassador of Seoul conducts themselves according to the vision people who love Seoul and who talk about Seoul. Following the appointment of Sumi Jo, the number of honorary ambassadors for Seoul reached 39, and they are experts of various fields, including broadcasting, architecture, culture, and the arts, and they are doing their best to promote Seoul and its civil administration.Park Won-soon said I am glad to appoint Sumi Jo, a world-class soprano, as an honorary ambassador of Seoul. I hope she plays promotes Seoul as a global city as that she works abroad a lot.
 On November 4, 2019, Mayor Park Won-soon gave a special speech on Seouls Reduction of the Air Pollution and Countermeasures to Combat Climate Change at the luncheon of the International Forum on Air Pollution and Climate Change.The International Forum on Air Pollution and Climate Change was co-hosted by the National Council on Climate and Air Quality, which is under the direct supervision of the Korean president, and the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (UNESCAP) from November 4 to 5, 2019 with the participation of over 350 individuals including experts on environment and climate change from across the world.Before walking through the entrance into the luncheon hall, Mayor Park Won-soon put an electric signature on the Declaration of Partnerships for the Future. Key contents of the declaration include  building partnerships through the sharing of excellent cases,  preparing and spreading innovative solutions to tackle air pollution and climate change,  comprehensive response to air pollution and climate change and acceleration of energy conversion, and  listening to opinions of the future generation for new and harmonious coexistence between humans and nature.
 Seoul will be holding 2019 Yongsan Week on November 5, 2019 (Tues.) at Yongsan Electronics Shopping Center, using the infrastructure that was constructed through the urban restoration of Y-Valley in the digital maker city of Yongsan, together with vendors, private and public companies, and local residents.Celebrating its 2nd anniversary, the 2019 Yongsan Week was prepared by various governance agencies, including vendors, start-ups, local residents, and young entrepreneurs who have participated in the urban restoration of the Yongsan Electronics Shopping Center. Yongsan Week is characterized by diverse programs, such as the Imagination Hackathon for win-win relationships and development of each agency, as well as the show, Made in Y-Valley, that was born through the urban restoration of the Yongsan Electronics Shopping Center.Main programs of the 2019 Yongsan Week include  Imagination Hackathon that suggests the tasks for industrial innovation of Yongsan Y-Valley,  Made in Y-Valley, an exhibition of products created in Yongsan,  Imagination Network, a venue for information sharing between start-ups and young entrepreneurs,  Digital Blacksmith, a creation experience program,  the local Dragon Festival, and more.Overview of the Event
 Date & Time: November 5, 2019 (Tues.), 09:00  18:00
 Venue: Y-Valley and Digital Blacksmith (2F & 3F, Building #6, Wonhyo Shopping Center)
 Participants: Seoul City, Yongsan-gu, Urban Regeneration Center, Yongsan Electronics Shopping Center Residents Council, live-in organizations, regular citizens (participants in Hackathon, makers, start-ups, etc.)
 Organizers: Seoul City + Yongsan-gu + Urban Regeneration Center + Residents Council
 	This year, the Seoul Kimchi Festival took place in Seoul Plaza and on Mugyo-ro for three days (Nov. 1-3). Throughout the festival were programs including Making & Sharing Kimchi where 3,500 citizens and individuals from groups and enterprises made 65 tons of kimchi, Kimjanggan by Korean kimchi masters who shared special recipes with participants, the Kimchi Museum that introduced kimchi from regions along Baekdudaegan Mountain Range, and the Kimchi Cooking Show through which famous chefs and kimchi experts introduced various kimchi recipes. In the afternoon, the Campaign to Revive Korean Pork unfolded at the Korean Pork Promotion Hall in Seoul Plaza. Kimchi and Korean pork were used to cook and hand out samples of kimchi stew and boiled pork slices to guests. This campaign was one of the main programs of the 2019 Seoul Kimchi Festival. The campaign was held in collaboration by the Korea Pork Producers Association, Seoul Metropolitan Government, and Gyeonggi-do Province to support the livestock industry and promote consumption of pork amid difficulties faced by the industry due to the ASF (African Swine Fever). 
 	Seoul is recruiting 35 international students for the 25th Seoul Metropolitan Government Global Internship program until November 14, 2019. The city has been operating the Global Internship program for international students every summer and winter vacation since 2008 to offer individuals the chance to take part in Seouls municipal administration. Seoul is the first domestic government organization to offer such a program. Since the start of the program, 705 international students from 87 countries have participated in this program. Out of the international student interns (35 individuals) that will be recruited this season, 25 interns will be dispatched to Seoul City Hall and its affiliated organizations while 10 interns will be dispatched to strong but small, Seoul-type businesses. The interns will fulfill various duties such as collecting and analyzing political data from overseas, hosting international events, overseas marketing, and interpretation and translation support. The Global Internship program will be dispatching interns to strong but small, Seoul-type businesses for the first time this year. This opportunity will offer international students who wish to pursue employment in a domestic enterprise upon completion of their studies the chance to explore different courses while offering enterprises the opportunity to utilize talented individuals from overseas.  Internship Period: Jan. 2 (Thurs.)Feb. 21 (Fri.), 2020 (7 weeks, 35 days)
 Working Period: 5 days a week (Mon.-Fri.), 6 hours a day (09:00-16:00)
 Training Support Costs (including lunch): KRW 56,540 a day
 Main Programs: Orientation (during Dec. 2019), government field trip (Feb. 7), completion ceremony (Feb. 21)
	The schedule above is subject to change. Internship Recruitment Overview Selection Method and Schedule For more information, contact the Seoul Metropolitan Governments Multiculturalism Division (82-2-2133-5077).Application Form 1 Application Form 2
Every November, Seoul Lantern Festival lights up Cheonggye Plaza and sections of Cheonggyecheon Stream with a variety of colorful lights under different concepts. The festival first started in celebration of the 2009 Visit Korea Year and has since grown into Seouls main winter cultural tourist festival sought out by over 2.5 million spectators annually.2019 Seoul Lantern Festival Overview
Theme: Your Seoul, Light through Dream
Date and Time: Nov. 1  17, 2019
Lights on at 17:00, lights off at 22:00 (23:00 on Sat., Sun.)
Venue: Cheonggye Plaza  Supyogyo Bridge, about 1.2kmEvent Themes
Section 1: Seoul, Your Fairytale
Section 2: Seoul, Find Your Fairytale
Section 3: Seoul, Tales of the Olden Times
Section 4: Seoul, Our Fairytale LandAdditional Events
Experience programs including floating wish lanterns, making paper fairytale lanterns, making traditional lucky fortune lanterns
Housing expenses are often voted as the most excruciating factor that Seoul citizens have to endure. It is also one of the factors that make young people think twice about getting married. After getting married, many newlywed couples struggle with meeting the monthly rent and interest rates for housing loans. This is the main social problem that led to the so-called N-po Generation (a generation giving up a number of essential human activities). While the average monthly salary has risen by 11% over the last seven years, the average housing cost has risen by 44% in the same period of time. The escape Seoul phenomenon, which is driving people out of the city due to housing and childrearing arrangements, is intensifying as well. Among the net population outflow from Seoul (households moving into the city < households moving out of the city), the majority were people in their 30s with children.Determined to tackle the housing problem, which essentially concerns the starting point for young newlywed couples, the city of Seoul has rolled up its sleeves, and launched housing programs that will support 25,000 couples each year. This means one in two couples getting married in Seoul each year will be able to receive benefits from the city in the form of financial aid or a place in a public rental house. Any couple who does not own a house and earns a combined income of less than KRW 100 million will be eligible for participation in the programs. The financial aid will be also available to common law marriage.The key change involves expanded eligibility for the financial support. The housing loan program, which provides up to KRW 200 million for rental or leasing deposits at low interest rates, will be made available to couples whose combined income is less than KRW 100 million, from the current eligibility of KRW 80 million. A couple who earns less than approximately KRW 8 million a month together (KRW 4 million per person) will be eligible for the housing loan program, which includes the majority of workers. The number of recipients will be also increased from 5,000 units to 10,500 units, and the maximum support period will be extended from 8 years to 10 years as well. The housing supply program, which provides access to purchased public rental houses and houses near subway stations for the youth, will also be increased by 2,445 to 14,500 units a year (12,000 units 14,500 units). In particular, with the aim of providing prime residence for young newlywed couples, Seoul plans to target houses near major subway stations and places with easy access to public transportation for the program.In addition, in order to prevent cases in which the youth miss opportunities to receive support due to a lack of access to the various housing policies and programs, Seoul will also open an online portal, Seoul Housing Portal, at the end of November. The online portal will offer a one-stop service, including a self-check service through which married couples will be able to identify the best housing support program that suits their situation, online consultation services, and application. In addition, starting from next year, newlywed housing support coordinators will be positioned in each housing welfare center in the 25 self-governing districts.
Determined to tackle the housing problem for young married couples with vigor and determination, the city of Seoul has radically increased its investment budget by KRW 2.0849 trillion (monthly average of KRW 694.9 billion) from the original plan. Starting from next year, a total of KRW 3.106 trillion will be invested over the course of three years (from 2020 to 2022). On the 28th, Mayor Park Won-soon of Seoul, announced Seoul Metropolitan Citys Plan for Housing Support Programs for Newlywed Couples with these contents. The programs include 4 major changes, which include  expansion of financial aid and relaxation of eligibility conditions (an annual average of 5,000 units  10,500 units),  increase in volume of public housing supplies (an annual average of 12,000 units 14,500 units),  support for moving into bigger houses with the birth of a child for couples living in a purchased public rental house, and  an increase in accessibility to information on the housing support programs.Seoul announced that it established such programs to ensure that every member of the future generation has a fair starting point, following the increased youth allowance and monthly rent support program for the youth. The vision behind such support programs are that as newlywed couples stably settle down in the city, they will vitalize the local economy and, furthermore, create a virtuous cycle of future growth engines for Seoul. The Mayor of Seoul, Park Won-soon, said, These plans are support programs designed to ensure a fair starting point for all newlywed couples in line with the increased youth allowance and the monthly housing rent subsidies for the youth. We prepared these programs by listening closely to the voices of young people to offer practical benefits that they want to receive. We will make sure housing issues do not pose a handicap for newlywed couples who are starting a new chapter of their lives with a dream of brighter future. Through these plans, most workers will be included as potential beneficiaries for the programs. We will continue to develop additional plans. 
The young people of Seoul are on the move to tackle inequality, guarantee equal opportunities for a fair start, and prepare the agenda for the future. The city of Seoul designated the upcoming period from October 28, 2019 to November 3, 2019 as Seoul Youth Week, holding various events to deliver the voices of the young on Yonsei-ro and in various spaces dedicated to the youth throughout Seoul.The Seoul Youth Week, which is celebrating its fifth anniversary this year, will be held based on the theme, When our eyes meet, communicating society seen from the perspective of the youth and the youth seen from the perspective of society. The city will be holding various events such as the Youth Academy, Youth Activity Fair, Youth Exchange Meeting,  Youth Forum, and Tour of Youth Activity Spaces. In addition, Seoul will be operating a promotional truck and launch a street campaign to encourage greater civic participation in the Youth Week. The Youth Academy is an academic event that is going to be held on October 31, and from November 2 to 3, 2019, where young researchers proactively discuss youth-related issues. This year, the opening session will be held on the topic of Generational Inequality and Youth Politics. Young researchers will hold discussions on a vast range of topics from macroscopic subjects, including youth discussions, youth politics, and youth policy governance, to issues closely related to young peoples lives such as housing policies for the young, youth allowances, and more.The Youth Activity Fair will be held on November 2, 2019 to provide an opportunity for the public to meet the future agenda and policies for the youth. About 40 booths will be opened at the fair to exhibit the future agenda, such as problems related to new labor and marine pollution, conduct surveys, and run campaigns on the topics of housing problems for the youth, family members, workplace bullying, and more.Under the slogan, When our eyes meet, Seoul Youth Week 2019 focuses on young peoples perception of the world and societys perception of the youth. The event is expected to become a place where different generations can mingle and contemplate youth policies together. Anyone who is interested in the young people of today, including adolescents, seniors, and local residents, may participate in Seoul Youth Week. Applications for participation in the Youth Forum and Youth Academy are available online, and applications can be submitted on the day of the event as well. Detailed information can be found on the Seoul Youth Portal.
 (Information on the Seoul Youth Week2019) https://youth.seoul.go.kr Event Overview
 Event: Seoul Youth Week 2019
 Date & Time: October 28 (Mon.)  November 3 (Sun.), 2019
 Place: Yonsei-ro Street in Sinchon and throughout the city of Seoul
The 2019 Seoul Food Culture Festival that will be cooking and sharing foods that are sustainable for me, us, and the environment will be held for one week from October 28 to November 3.As a channel that reconnects the social relationships that were disconnected through the rise in the popularity of one-person households, dining alone, and dining out, this years Seoul Food Culture Festival will share the value of the table. The festival will become the center of expansion for food and cultural activities that take into consideration the earth and the environment together with the citizens. For this event, Seoul will hold a total of 43 events with 57 organizations throughout the city.First, Seoul will open the Pledge Ceremony for Earth-friendly Table Practices at the main stairway of the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts in Jongno-gu on the 28th to present the pledge to create a Happy Earth with a Healthy Table, promise to keep the pledge, and enforce the campaign. Starting on the 29th, the city will host the Seoul Food Culture Symposium, special humanities lectures on traditional Korean foods, and the Seoul Urban Food Policy Conference. Twelve events will continue throughout November with the Healthy and Happy Story with Vegetables (1 day), the Talk Concert with the Millennial Generation (2 days), and more under organization by the city of Seoul. Regarding private events, 22 events by 39 organizations will be held throughout the city. All citizens interested in healthy food can participate in this event. More information can be found on the Food Safety Information website (http://fsi.seoul.go.kr), the Seoul City website (http://www.seoul.go.kr), or the Seoul Food Life Support Center (http://www.seoulnutri.co.kr). Cooking contests and other events may require prior registration or participation fees, and those wishing to participate may partake in the events after receiving confirmation.
 	Seoul will be hosting Seoul Finance Week from October 28 (Mon.) to 31 (Thu.), 2019, holding various events related to fintech, a driving force that will lead the finance industry into the future.<Day 1> Fintech Intellectual Properties (IP) Pitching Competition: discovery of promising companies and bestowing vouchers of up to KRW 30 million
On October 28, the Fintech Companies IP Competition will take place at Seoul Fintech Lab to select promising companies that will be offered financial support.<Day 2> Seoul Fintech Lab Grand Opening: investor relations (IR) with the participation of more than 20 domestic and international investing institutions
On October 29, the Seoul Fintech Lab Grand Opening and the Investor Relations will take place at Seoul Fintech Lab.Seoul Fintech Lab, the largest of its kind in the country, will house a total of 70 fintech start-ups that will receive development support for two years of their stay, at the most. The opening of the institution will take place at Seoul Fintech Lab (in Yeouido) starting at 2 p.m. with the participation of over 100 figures, including the Mayor Park Won-soon of Seoul, the commissioner of Korean Intellectual Property Office Park Won-joo, and those working at the Financial Services Commission, Financial Supervisory Service, and the start-ups that will operate in Seoul Fintech Lab.The Investor Relations, where 12 start-ups with pioneering technologies will have the chance to attract investment from over 20 domestic and international investors, will also take place on the same day at Seoul Fintech Lab.<Day 3> Seoul International Finance Conference: discussion on the future of the finance industry with experts in finance and fintech from Korea and abroad
On October 30, the 9th Seoul International Finance Conference will take place at the Conrad Hotel. Co-organized by the city of Seoul and Financial Supervisory Service, the event will invite renowned speakers from Korea and abroad who will introduce the trends and direction of international finance and the fintech industry. Anyone who is interested in finance and fintech can attend the conference.<Day 4> Fintech Networking Day: Seoul, Financial Supervisory Service, fintech support institutions in the private sector, and fintech companies, all in one place
On October 31, Fintech Networking Day will take place at Yeouido SIFC to reinforce the information exchanges and human networking between the city of Seoul, Financial Supervisory Service, fintech support institutions in the private sector, and fintech companies.More information on Seoul Finance Week and its detailed schedule are available on the official website (http://www.sific.kr). Advance registration is currently being operated.
 	Seoul and Gyeongsangbuk-do Province signed an MOU for mutual development between the two regions in June 2019. Greeting autumn, the season of harvest, Gyeongsangbuk-do Province will be hosting an event for the promotion of Gyeongbuk apples in Seoul Plaza.	Overview of the Event
	Date: November 5 (Tues.)  November 7 (Thurs.), 2019
	Venue: Seoul Plaza
	Opening Ceremony: November 5, 2019 (Tues.), 14:00-15:30
	Major Content: Opening performance, cultural performances, etc.
	Performance: Apple Tree-shaped Balloon	Exhibitions & promotional and marketing event (Nov. 5-7)
Luxury produce store selling Gyeongbuk apples (33 varieties, 88 booths)
	Installations created using apples (photo zone) and a hill made of apples
	Various participatory and experience events for consumers
	 Building an apple tower, apple face caricature, face painting, traditional games, photo contest 

 	King Felipe VI and Queen Letizia of Spain have become honorary citizens of Seoul.The king and queen of Spain will be making a state visit to Korea on October 23-24, 2019. They will visit Seoul City Hall on the 24th (Thurs.) at 12:30 p.m. to receive honorary citizenships from Mayor Park Won-soon.Before the conferment ceremony, Mayor Park Won-soon will first show them the Digital Mayors Office, in which the king and queen have expressed interest. The Digital Mayors Office is a cutting-edge system that shares the data directly related to the lives of citizens, such as real-time disaster management and changes in the consumer price index for living necessaries. Also, Mayor Park Won-soon will speak to the king and queen of Spain on the reinforcement of exchanges and cooperation between Seoul and the cities of Spain.As other royal families from Europe that have visited Korea expressed interest in the city of Seoul, the diplomacy of the city is going smoothly. Mayor Park Won-soon has introduced the excellent policies of Seoul to the king of Belgium who visited Korea in March, the prince of Denmark in May, and now to the king and queen of Spain.Mayor Park Won-soon said, This year is the 500th anniversary of Magellan sailing around the world in the Spanish exhibition. The strength and merits of Spain, including not only its art and culture, but also finance, architecture, and start-up industry, are expanding their presence on the global stage. More and more Seoulites are learning Spanish and visiting Spain. I hope that the visit of the king and queen of Spain becomes a catalyst to increase the frequency of exchanges between Seoul and the cities of Spain. I think their becoming honorary citizens of Seoul means that the Spanish people also become citizens of Seoul.
 	Colorful exhibitions will be on display starting on October 14, 2019 (Mon.) as part of Seoul Design Cloud at Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP), which is managed by the Seoul Design Foundation. Three special exhibitionsPlay Design, Play On, Bauhaus Mirror, and DDP Design Archiveswill be available to offer regular citizens the charms of design.Play Design, Play On (Oct. 14, 2019  Jan. 24, 2020, DDP) is an exhibition that celebrates the 100th anniversary of the National Sports Festival by shedding new light on Dongdaemun Stadium, which was a main stage of the festival, and looking back on the history of sports in Seoul. The exhibition as a design playground and a playing field under the themes of Dream, Design, and Play provides visitors with lead active lives with a unique opportunity to experience sports.The four sections of the exhibition include The 100th National Sports Festival in Seoul: 100 years of Sports + 100 years of Design, Street Sports: Street Design, Independent Games + Independent Designs: E-Sports, and Sports for All: VR and the Fourth Design Revolution. The exhibition guides visitors towards the Sports for All section as it encompasses the sports culture, the early modern and modern history of design, online sports, and sports in the future.Additionally, the programs associated with the exhibition that will take place nine times will invite visitors to a more vivid world of sports design.Bauhaus Mirror (Oct. 14, 2019  Nov. 30, 2019, DDP Archives), the second exhibition, aims at looking into the relationship between Bauhaus and Korean design, going beyond simply understanding Bauhaus itself. The concept of mirror will be the mediator to examine how Bauhaus is reflected in Korean design and how it is interpreted from Korean designers viewpoints.Finally, DDP Design Archives (Oct. 14, 2019  Nov. 6, 2019, DDP Design Pathway) is an exhibition that looks back on the first generation of Korean designers while searching for a path for future Korean design. Through this exhibition, the illustration, which is called a new painting in the modern industrial society, and graphic modernism that contains the emotions and humor of the Korean people will be introduced.* To check out the Seoul Design Cloud exhibitions, come to the DDP Museum between 10 a.m. and 6 p.m. Admission is free. More information on the exhibitions and programs is available on the DDP website (http://www.ddp.or.kr/eng/event/detail/1954?menuId=114).
 	The 4th Seoul Brand Forum will take place on October 30, 2019 on the 8th floor of the Multipurpose Hall in Seoul City Hall. Celebrating the 4th anniversary of the citys brand, ISEOULU, the forum will become the perfect arena to search for ways of communication between the city brand and citizens from various perspectives through lectures by domestic experts under the theme, Seoul, a City Beloved by the World. The keynote speech will be followed by three sessions that include lectures delivered by experts. These sessions will include an academic presentation, special presentation, and talk concert, where participants will learn about in-depth city branding strategies and directions with the experts.Aside from the presentations, there will be a breakdance performance and participatory events for citizens that provide the participants with fun and leisure.Advance registration: https://www.onoffmix.com/event/196105). Overseas Marketing Cases and    Future Strategies of the City Brand of SeoulKorean Table dHote: Differences    between Korean Meals and Western Course Meal
 	With the Paris Agreement scheduled to be implemented after 2020 and the globally-spreading climate crisis, mayors, officials of international organizations, and citizens from 36 cities in 25 countries will gather in Seoul to discuss the matter of overcoming the climate crisis. Seoul will host the Seoul Mayors Forum on Climate Change 2019 (hereinafter, Mayors Forum) at COEX from October 24 (Thurs.)  25 (Fri.), 2019. 	Recently, movements that demand urgent countermeasures against the global climate crisis have amplified, such as teenagers refusal to go to school in demand for political leaders to take action against climate change and the large-scale Global Climate Strike that was held both at home and abroad on September 21, 2019. In the midst of such growth, the Mayors Forum will prove to be a significant event through which participants share crisis awareness and listen to the voices of international cities in hopes that local governments will take initiative in responding to and taking action against climate change. 	Following a session of the ICLEI World Congress 2015, the Mayors Forum, which is scheduled to be held for the third time this year, has been cooperating closely with ICLEI, the Global Covenant of Mayors for Climate and Energy (GCoM), and local government networks in efforts to fortify cooperation between local governments to face the climate crisis.  	The Seoul Mayors Forum on Climate Change 2019 will take place under the theme of New Era of Climate Action  Leadership and Acceleration. The Forum will be organized with an Opening Ceremony, Plenary Sessions I and II, five themed sessions, and a joint session with KIREC. 	At this Mayors Forum, Mayor Park Won-soon will gather the voices of representatives from international cities partaking in this forum to present the Seoul Statement. The Statement will promise positive climate action by local governments as substantial bodies of action and adaptation to the seriousness of the climate crisis. 	Detailed information about the Seoul Mayors Forum on Climate Change 2019 can be found on the website (http://www.smfcc2019.kr/). 	On the morning of the 25th, the Seoul International Energy Forum 2019 will open as an auxiliary event under the theme, Achievements and Challenges of OLNPP (One Less Nuclear Power Plant), where the Seoul International Energy Advisory Council and the Seoul Energy Policy Committee will present the results of the policy. The presentation will be followed by a panel discussion on the direction of Seouls energy policies. 	Mayor Park Won-soon stated, There is not a lot of time left to take action against the climate crisis. Now is the time for local governments to step up. This Mayors Forum will be significant as it will recognize climate crisis and decide on actions to take with mayors from around the world. The Mayor also emphasized, To accomplish this, Seoul will switch to an environment- and ecology-oriented paradigm through the municipal government.
 	Seoul will be hosting a meeting to share the accomplishments of the Alley Restoration Project that the city has been pursuing with the intent to vitalize the sites of the Alley Restoration Project by sharing excellent cases with the sites residents and citizens. As Seoul pursues the Seoul-type Alleys Restoration Project in 25 areas, Show Me the Alleys, a meeting for sharing the accomplishments of the project will take place at 2 p.m. on October 23 (Wed.), 2019 at the Multipurpose Hall on the 8th floor of the City Hall. Over 700 individuals, including Mayor Park Won-soon of Seoul and local residents, are expected to attend the meeting.There are 13 alleys for which basic and working design plans were established last year. The city is currently preparing to break ground to begin restoration. 12 additional alleys were selected as the project target this year. The meeting is being prepared to share the process of the execution of the Alley Restoration Project in each area and the roles and participation of the local residents for the project, while raising awareness surrounding the charm and necessity of the alleys restoration. The performance-sharing meeting will be composed of two parts. Part one, Show Me the Playing Alleys will include  a community dance by the residents of the Alley Restoration Project target areas,  the screening of a video on the story of the alleys restoration shot by the local residents,  an appointment ceremony of the presidents of the alleys, and  an award ceremony for the Making the Village a Great Place to Live contest.Part two, Show Me the Alley, will include  drama talks on the alleys restoration, where participants will discuss the direction and the future of the alleys restoration with the mediation of TV sitcoms including Reply 1988 and  the contest among university students for visions for the alleys, Show Me the Alley for 60 Seconds.The drama talks on the alleys restoration will become a venue in which a panel of experts will participate, including film critics, a person in charge of the plan for the Alley Restoration Project, and researchers from the Seoul Institute. They will watch the videos of alleys, including the Korean sitcom, Reply 1988, to talk about the alleys restoration with citizens and answer quiz questions.Show Me the Alley for 60 Seconds is a contest for university students where they express the meaning of the alleys restoration for 60 seconds through various types of expression, such as singing, dancing, rapping, or performing musicals. The evaluation team that is comprised of experts and the residents of the Alley Restoration Project target areas will evaluate their performances and offer awards.Mayor Park Won-Soon of Seoul said, We started the Alley Restoration Project together with the citizens last year to make alleys that show off the charms of Seoul into places that are great through which to walk and great in which to live. Through the performance-sharing meeting where the residents of the areas in which the alleys are being restored participate, we will do our best to enhance the quality of life of the citizens as we revitalize the meaning of alleys and revive the community. Date & Time: 14:00-18:00, October 23, 2019
 Venue: Multipurpose Hall (8F)
 Participants: Over 700 individuals (citizens who are interested in the restoration of alleys, university students, government officials, supporting institutions, service companies from each area) Details
 Sharing the second-stage vision for the alleys by discussing Korean sitcoms that deal with alleys through the Drama Talk Show
 Opening of Show Me the Alley for 60 Seconds, an alley idea contest for university students
 A Square Gallery, to share and exhibit the accomplishments of the alleys restoration in each area
 Community dance through volunteer participation and collaboration with regular citizens
 	Seoul will be hosting the Korea International Renewable Energy Conference Seoul 2019, the largest private-sector renewable energy conference in the world, together with the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy and REN21, an international nonprofit organization. The event will take place on October 23 (Wed.)  25 (Fri.), 2019 at COEX.	IREC (International Renewable Energy Conference) is an international conference aiming to promote the sharing of renewable energy policies between countries and cities so that they can create common collaborative plans. Celebrating its 8th anniversary, the event is co-organized by the government of the host country and REN21 biennially. 	The slogan of the conference is Renewable Energy, Energizing Our Future. More than 3,000 individuals from 63 countries, including ministers and vice-ministers from over 20 countries, mayors of 22 cities, presidents of five international organizations, CEOs of global companies, and experts, will all participate in the conference.	What characterizes this years conference is that it is co-organized by the central and local governments for the first time in the conferences history. Seoul has plans to make the conference an arena for a comprehensive discussion on the expansion of the roles of cities for change towards renewable energies.	The city track, one of the major tracks of the conference, will be operated by the city of Seoul. Here, experts from the global community discuss urban strategies for change towards renewable energies.	Seoul will also hold the biennial event, Seoul Mayors Forum on Climate Change 2019, during the conference in order to share the energy strategies of global cities whose mayors will be participating in the conference.	If previous conferences mainly dealt with energy transformation on a national scale, Seoul is anticipating that this conference will arrive at new strategies as it covers diverse strategies by local governments.	More information on the Korea International Renewable Energy Conference Seoul 2019 is available on the website (http://kirec2019.kr). Citizens who want to participate in the event can participate through on-site registration (those who registered in advance should receive a name tag before entering the venue).	Mayor Park Won-soon said, The most urgent and significant task we must complete in order to hand down a clean environment to the future generation is the change towards renewable energies We hope the conference will be a venue for discussions that are deeper than those of previous conferences, where the global community can share their efforts for energy transformation.	 Title: Korea International Renewable Energy Conference Seoul 2019
	* Korea International Renewable Energy Conference Seoul 2019	 Date & VenueOctober 23 (Wed.)  25 (Fri.), 2019, COEX and a nearby hotel
* October 22 (Tue.): Additional events October 25 (Fri.) afternoon  October 26 (Sat.): Site tour	 OrganizerMinistry of Trade, Industry and Energy, the city of Seoul, REN21
* Supervisor: Korea Energy Agency / Cooperation: KNREA, Seoul Energy, GGGI	 Number of participants About 3,000 (1,000 from 63 countries, 2,000 from domestic regions in Korea)
	Seoul will be hosting 2019 Jeong-dong Culture Night this year on October 25 (Fri.) and October 26 (Sat.). During the event, visitors can feel the mood of the autumnal night through the nocturnal programs that will lead them through the history and culture of Jeong-dong, an arena for Korean early modern history.	Jeong-dong Culture Night is one of Seouls representative nighttime events. During the event, historical and cultural facilities, such as the cultural heritages and museums that are clustered in the Jeong-dong region, will be open into the evening.  Performances,  exhibitions,  special lectures,  experience programs,  a stamp tour,  guided tours, and more will take place in these facilities.	This year, under the slogan, Time Travel in Jeong-dong, the programs in operation will take visitors on a trip through time to the period of modern enlightenment in Jeong-dong.	During the 2019 Jeong-dong Culture Night, 26 historical and cultural facilities, including Deoksugung Palace, Jeong-dong Theater, Ewha Museum, Appenzeller Noble Memorial Museum, Seoul Anglican Cathedral of St. Mary & St. Nicolas, Seoul Museum of History, Donuimun Museum Village, and more, will be open into the nighttime.	Most of all, performances of colorful genres will take place during the event period in various spots in Jeong-dong. These performances, which will be held in major cultural facilities and institutions, will provide visitors with countless sights to see.	A variety of exhibitions are being held in the museums located in the Jeong-dong area. Why not take an excursion to these exhibitions during Jeong-dong Culture Night this autumn?	Fun experience programs for everyone also await guests. Lets go experience the culture of the period of modern enlightenment, get a taste for the locality of Jeong-dong, and have a uniquely fun time while learning history through trendy games and AR escape rooms.
 	Seoul will be holding Riding Seoul 2019, the global bicycle festival where Korean and foreign bicycle riders campaign for safety, riding from Gwanghwamun Square to Peace Square of Olympic Park, starting at 9 a.m. on November 10 (Sun.).The event will become an opportunity to raise the status of Seoul, the City of Bicycles as, for the first time in the country, foreigners visiting or living in the city are allowed to participate. Users of Ttareungyi, the public share bike, can also participate in the event.Riding Seoul 2019 is not a race in which people compete with speed, but rather it is a chance to make downtown Seoul a place in which to ride bicycles safely while also being a safety culture campaign to enjoy with family. Participants will be divided into advanced, intermediate, and beginner groups to ride bicycles while enjoying the late fall of downtown Seoul.Participants can have their bicycles checked for safety before departing from Gwanghwamun Square and should make sure to stretch before riding. It will be an opportunity to ride safely along roads that are normally filled with cars. Upon arrival at the Peace Square in Olympic Park, riders can enjoy cultural performances and prize lotteries.Eligible applicants are those of 15 years of age or older who can complete the parades 19-km course on a bicycle while wearing safety gear, such as a helmet. Those who do not have a bicycle may rent Ttareungyi and borrow safety gear in order to take part in the event.What makes the event unique is the participation of over 300 foreigners who have fallen in love with the charms of Seoul, the worlds city of bicycles. There will be preliminary events, such as Touring Seoul on Ttareungyi, for these participants.
 	Seoul will be hosting the 2019 Seoul Kimchi Festival from November 1 to 3 in Seoul Plaza. This year, in particular, the Family Kimjanggan program will be expanded so that over 600 families can gather to make kimchi using the excellent kimchi recipe provided by the city of Seoul and take it home.Launched to celebrate the designation of Korean kimjang (making kimchi for the winter) culture as an Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity by UNESCO in 2013, the Seoul Kimchi Festival has become a representative winter festival of Seoul where people can watch, feel, and taste everything related to the kimjang culture, all in one spot. This year, the festival will be held under the theme, Happy Sharing in Kimjang Day from November 1 to 3 in Seoul Plaza.Kimjang Sharing, the main event of the Seoul Kimchi Festival, is a warmhearted sharing event in which more than 5,000 citizens mix over 50 tons of cabbage with seasoning. The kimchi made at the event will be delivered to over 20,000 underprivileged families.Various participatory programs will be operated during the festival, including  Family Kimjanggan (indoors/outdoors),  Kimchi-making with masters,  kimchi-making for foreigners, and  childrens kimchi class. Aside from these programs, the 2019 Seoul Kimchi Festival will provide visitors with a variety of programs they can enjoy on the spot, including the  Kimchi Museum, where visitors can enjoy exhibitions under the theme of kimchi from mountainous villages, seaside villages, and islands organized by the World Institution of Kimchi,  Special Exhibition of Seouls Native Kimchi, an exhibition where the restored, real native kimchi of Seoul will be on display,  Kimchi Cooking Show, where famous chefs present dishes made using kimchi,  Local Regional Product Market, where vendors will sell local agricultural products from over 80 regions nationwide, and more. These programs will allow visitors to buy the ingredients needed to make kimchi and learn about the kimchi trends of this year.For more information on the event and application for participation, visit the website of the Seoul Kimchi Festival (www.seoulkimchifestival.kr) and contact the management office at +82-2-337-9894 for other inquiries.
 	Seoul will be holding the 2019 Seoul Finance Week on October 28-31, 2019 to discover and support fintech companies that have innovative ideas to lead the finance industry into the future.	In order to offer support for promising fintech companies, Seoul will be recruiting companies to participate in the Fintech Company IP Competition on October 28 (Mon.) and Investment Attraction Briefing for Fintech Companies on October 29 (Tues.). Excellent companies will receive the Mayor of Seoul Award and the Commissioner of the Korean Intellectual Property Office Award, as well as be offered the opportunity to attract investments from domestic and overseas investors.	First, on October 28, 2019, Seoul Finance Week Fintech Company IP Competition will be co-hosted by the city of Seoul and the Korean Intellectual Property Office. Among the 10 companies selected through document screening, five will be chosen through a face-to-face evaluation on the spot on October 28. The IP Competition aims to advertise the importance of intellectual property, an essential factor for sustainable growth of fintech start-ups, and discover fintech companies that own excellent intellectual property.	Eligible applicants for participation must be Korea-based business preparatory individuals and fintech companies that begun business within the past seven years. The excellent companies will be selected by evaluating the investment value, originality, technique, and marketability of their patent technology.	The companies that want to participate should submit the application form, business plan, and introduction of themselves or their product on the online recruitment page from October 16-22.
	 Apply for participation in the Fintech Company IP (Intellectual Property) Competition:
http://www.onoffmix.com/event/195952	Next, the Investment Attraction Briefing for Fintech Companies will be hosted on October 29. Participating companies will be recruited from October 16-21 through the website. The 12 companies who pass the preliminary screening will be introduced to over 20 domestic and overseas investment institutions and receive the opportunity to attract their investment.
	 Apply for participation in the Investment Attraction Briefing for Fintech Companies:
https://onoffmix.com/event/196790	Companies that have an interest in participating in the Fintech Company IP (Intellectual Property) Competition or the Investment Attraction Briefing for Fintech Companies can inquire through the website of Seoul or the Management Office of Seoul International Finance Conference (www.sific.kr, 82-70-4464-1146).
