The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will collect ideas for the 2017 First Annual Seoul Citizen Hope Commercial between March 21 (Tues) and April 24 (Mon). A successful work should give hope and invoke sympathy from Seoulites. All non-profit organizations, traditional markets, disabled-owned enterprises, female-owned enterprises, co-ops, social enterprises, sharing enterprises, and other small business owners that work to promote the public interest are welcome to apply. By providing an opportunity to create an advertisement for small business owners and non-profit organizations that cannot afford the high cost of creating an ad, the Hope Commercial project hopes to comfort and encourage people who are struggling in the difficult economy. The SMG calls for compelling narratives that promote the public interest such as activities by non-profit organizations that contribute to the society and protect the rights of the socially vulnerable such as donating, sharing, volunteering, and  stories behind a companys foundation or social contribution activities. Companies that are selected will receive the full support of SMG in design planning, printing and posting of PR materials, and production of the advertisement. The SMG will provide around 6,900 advertisement slots including corners inside subway trains, stickers on the upper portion of doors, and posting on the walls of kiosks. Starting in 2017, Seoul Video Creators, who are audiovisual experts, will produce advertisements for the selected companies as well.The SMG has been promoting public interest activities and economic activity through the provision of free advertisement to small businesses including non-profit organizations, traditional markets and social enterprises since 2012 through the Hope Commercial. INNOCEAN Worldwide, a global marketing communications enterprise, has produced over 200 advertisement designs free of charge, setting an example in the cause of sharing through talent donation. Selected companies will be announced in May after a screening process by advertisement experts. Around 20 companies will be selected and selected stories will be promoted in earnest between July and November of 2017 after production is complete. For details on how to apply, please visit the website of SMG (seoul.go.kr).
Over the past five years (2012-2016), 197 new green spaces have been created in downtown Seoul. The total area amounts to 1,880,000, which is eight times the size of Yeouido Park (230,000) and 142 times the size of Seoul Plaza (13,207). At present, Seoul has a total of 2,278 green spaces (146.22), which accounts to approximately a quarter of the citys total area (605.25). Building large parks  Utilizing industrial heritage and regenerating underused spaceThe Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) expanded parks and green spaces in Seoul by implementing a new parks and forests formation method of discovering and regenerating industrial heritage, underused space, and other spare space. It used to be that local governments built medium-to-large size parks such as Yeouido Park (1999, 230,000), World Cup Park (2002 2,300,000), and Seoul Forest (2005, 430,000). Recent projects, however, utilize and regenerate spare land and incorporate private sector participation to expand the size of parks and green spaces. Using this method, the SMG has increased the number of parks located within 10 minutes of walking distance from residential areas and implemented various measures to reduce green service exclusion areas. Opening of three urban regeneration parks and three green passagewaysThree urban generation parks built on industrial heritages will open to the public in 2017. The first park, Seoullo 7017, the first overpass park in the country, is set to have its official opening on May 20, 2017.The Culture Depot Base is a park being built inside Mapo Oil Depot, which was built in the 70s, that will open during the first half of 2017 to house performance and exhibition halls. During the second half of 2017, Gyeongchun Line (Railroad) Forest, a 6.3 long large linear park formed on a discontinued railroad, will be in full operation.In addition, three green passageways will open to connect or reuse disconnected or deserted green land in 2017. The SMG plans to systematically build seven passageways by 2019.Opening of Choansan Family Camping Site and Youth Forest in May 2017A number of camping sites will open in downtown Seoul in 2017. Family Camping Sites are interactive parks built on deserted green land. The Choansan Family Camping Site will open in Choansan Mountain, Nowon-gu in May 2017 with an outdoor spa and pool. The Youth Forest will open in Buramsan Mountain as a space for teenagers to learn about safety and relieve their stress from studying. < Image of Gyeongchun Line (Railroad) Forest > Gyeongchun Line (Railroad) Forest (Gyeongchun Line Zone 1 Gongneung-dong section) Gyeongchun Line (Railroad) Forest (Gyeongchun Line Zone 1 Gongneung-dong section)< Image of Re-connecting Green Networks Project > Aerial View of Muakjae Green Passageway 1 Aerial View of Muakjae Green Passageway 2 (Passageway for both humans and animals)< Image of Youth Forest > Forest Together (Low Ropes Course, Teenagers doing the Mohawk Walk) Culture Depot Base
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will operate a series of therapeutic programs at the World Cup Park between April 1 and November 30, 2017 to offer healing to citizens using the natural environment and facilities at World Cup Park.At the World Cup Park, you can experience various programs under the guidance of forest healing experts at forest paths, soil paths, grass plazas, and foot bath facilities. Customized programs are provided for adults, families, and the handicapped with varied contents depending on the therapeutic goal and characteristics of the target group.Therapeutic programs for families and adults are available for reservation starting at 10 am on the 20th of the month for reservations for the following month on the Seoul City Public Service Reservation site (yeyak.seoul.go.kr).Up to 16 people are allowed in each class for a fee of 3,000 won per person. Therapeutic classes for the disabled are free of charge. To make a reservation or for inquiries, please contact the Parks and Recreations Division at the Western Parks & Forests Office  (300-5574). 
On March 15, 2017, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will launch the Guides for the Blind Service in Subway Stations in which 1,656 guides will be stationed at 77 stops on subway lines 1 to 9 including Seoul Station and Express Bus Terminal Station to assist the blind.The service was launched in earnest encouraged by the high popularity of the pilot project implemented in October 2016 as part of the Creating Jobs for Seniors project. 595 guides were stationed at 38 stops and assisted 6,000 users within three months. This time, the number of stops and senior guides have been doubled and tripled, respectively.All 1,656 guides for the Guides for the Blind Service in Subway Stations are senior citizens over the age of 65. The mutual growth-type welfare project hopes to provide a second life to seniors by offering them social contribution jobs while also making sure that the blind can practice their right to move.The guides provide a door-to-door service in which they wait by the turnstile to help blind people safely move from the platform to the exit and accompany them to bus stops or key spots in the area if necessary.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government hopes to increase visits to Seoul by selling the Discover Seoul Pass, a one-day tourist pass for foreigners, at One More Trip, a mobile market for tour products, in the first half of 2017 at a 30% discounted price and actively advertising it to individual tourists.Discover Seoul Pass allows tourists to choose their own program by including a well-rounded assortment of leading tourist attractions such as ancient palaces and cultural institutions including art galleries, museums, and hallyu facilities. The list price of the 24 hour pass is KRW 39,900, which is more than 70% less than visiting each of the 16 tourist facilities without any discounts. The pass also works as a T-Money Card and can be recharged for use during your stay in Seoul and can also be used for future visits.The pass is available for purchase at Incheon International Airport and 20 key selling spots in downtown Seoul or can be bought at one of four on-line sites including mobile tourist product market One More Trip and can be picked up at tourist information centers in Incheon and Gimpo airports as well as in Myeongdong.
Starting on March 13, 2017 (Monday), the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will visit each household and implement the Arisu Quality Verification System, a free water quality check consisting of five items including turbidity and residual chlorine of tap water, in order to improve the environmental conditions and safety of the supply of tap water. The water quality check measures residual chlorine levels to assess the safety from general bacteria, iron/copper levels to diagnose the deterioration level in plumbing, turbidity, and pH (numeric scale of hydrogen ion concentration) to evaluate the purity of tap water. The water quality check will be provided to around 300,000 households residing in apartments and households whose deteriorated pipes have been replaced, households who have removed their small-sized water tanks and newly installed directional water supply systems, kindergartens, low-income households, and households who want to check the quality of their tap water. The SMG launched the Arisu Quality Verification System, a free tap water quality check, in 2008 for the first time in Korea, and has been providing the service to around 300,000 households each year since 2011.Through the Arisu Quality Verification System, the SMG identifies households that need to replace outdated water pipes and improve the environmental conditions of the water supply, supports plumbing replacements, and provides consulting services for water quality management such as water tank cleaning. As a result of the water quality checks conducted on 294,555 households in 2016, the SMG identified 862 households that is in need to improve the environmental conditions of their water supply. In order to provide clean tap water to all households, the SMG supported the replacement of outdated plumbing equipment (826 households,) installed directional water supply systems (2 households), and cleaned domestic water tanks (34 households). You can apply for the Arisu Quality Verification System at 120 Dasan Call Center, the district Water Supply Office, or at the website of the Office of Waterworks Seoul Metropolitan Government.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government aims to increase the number of social enterprises from 2000 to 4,000 in 2017, which means more jobs and social contribution for the socially vulnerable groups of women, seniors, and disabled.The SMG has led the expansion and growth of social enterprises in the past five years through implementation of policies that provide financial support, consultations, and social investment funds with the goal of vitalizing social enterprises. As a result, the number of social enterprises increased fivefold from 718 in 2011 to 3,501 by the end of 2016.In 2017, the SMG will invest a total of KRW 57.9 billion to support the 5 Plans to Support the Social Enterprises in 2017 and promote the growth of the social economy.The five support plans include:  Extended promotion of social enterprises (3,5004,000)  Expansion of the public purchase amount for Seouls social economy in order to expand the market (KRW 85.6 billion  KRW 100 billion)  Additional social investment in the private finance sector (KRW 10 billion) and introduction of citizen-participatory funds,  Infrastructural expansion of social economy areas, and  Reinforcement of the international network for the social economy sector.First, through customized support in consideration of the characteristics of a company and stage of implementation, the SMG will reinforce the growth potential of social enterprises and promote an additional 500 social enterprises to create 2,000 new jobs. Also, it will designate 40 companies that received high ratings in finance stability and social contribution as model companies and support them for three years using customized programs.Second, the SMG will expand upon the market for social enterprises. Public Purchase Amount, which is the mandatory purchase of social enterprisess products or services by the SMG, autonomous districts, and investment and funding organizations, will be increased to KRW 100 billion (KRW 85.6 billion in 2016) in 2017.Third, in 2017, in order to vitalize investment for social value, the operation method of social investment funds will change (Private consignment  Direct operation) and private funds (KRW 10 billion) will be added to expand the total funds to KRW 80 billion (KRW 70.2 billion in 2016). The first SMGs social investment funds (KRW 50 billion) was created in 2012 for the first time among all local governments.The SMG will also introduce Crowdfunding, where the general public can participate in the raising of funds, to connect citizens who are interested in investing in social enterprises with social enterprises that are seeking for new ways to procure capital.Fourth, the SMGs pioneering support infrastructure for the social economy will continue to expand. Leading examples include expansion of social economy support centers (15 in 201620 in 2017) for each autonomous district, reorganization of social economy activation space (11 in 201613 in 2017) which will be used as shared offices and training rooms for local social enterprises, and formation of more social economy special districts (6 in 201610 in 2017) where the local community addresses local issues through cooperation.< Seouls Socio-economic Ecosystem >Lastly, the SMG will host various international events attended by young entrepreneurs and experts in socio-economic sectors worldwide to strengthen the global network and reinforce initiatives as a leading city of social economy. It will continue to host the Asia Network for Young Social Entrepreneurs, which it has been hosting since 2014, and newly launch the Social Economy Youth International Camp in 2017. In June 2017, the SMG will host the ILO Academy on Social and Solidarity Economy to promote awareness of Social Economy and Good Jobs.
"The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will establish and implement the 2017 Anti-corruption and Transparency Policy Promotion Plan consisting of four strategies ( Continued promotion of innovative measures to reform public offices,  Reinforcement of the corruption prevention system,  Expansion of support for a transparent culture within organizations,  Utilization of the private governance) and 15 core tasks in order to realize a clean city where the public office culture is clean and transparent and the anti-corruption policy interacts with the citizens.The SMG will stabilize the anti-corruption system and establish an effective system by continuing to strictly and uniformly implement the Park Won Soon Act (Reform measures of the public offices in Seoul), which penalizes bribery of any kind regardless of its connection to work in 2017. The paradigm will shift from Regulations and Punishments to Joint implementation of Self-regulation, Prevention, Communication, and Governance. To that end, strict regulations will be sustained while passive administration will cease to exist, to establish a transparent culture based on voluntary participation, responsibility, communication, and trust. The SMG set up a Public Interest Report Investigation T/F team (Jan. 16, 2017) and reinforced post monitoring to ensure the rights of citizens and public officers who hesitate to make reports on the behalf of the public interest even after bearing witness to internal corruption and injustice and strengthen support, both legal and financial, for them. The Cheongbaek-e (integrated real-time monitoring) system is the core project of the internal self-regulation system. It will connect with the five administrative information systems of local governments to act as an auditor that prevents accidents by sending automatic warnings to managers, supervisors, and auditors when an administrative error or corruption occurs. The SMG will also root out corrupt practices such as receiving bribes through concentrated auditing and reinforced inspection of corruption-prone areas such as private consignment and subsidy projects (713 projects with a total revenue of KRW 2.4 trillion).On January 16, 2017, the SMG set up the Transparent Policy T/F Team within the Audit Office under the Audit and Inspection Commission which is dedicated to the effective promotion of the anti-corruption policy and the internalization of the transparent culture. The SMG seeks to continue to reform the mindset of public officers and cultivate the ethical awareness of public officers through implementation of companywide Mandatory transparency education and Customized transparency education. Starting in March 2017, the SMG will also designate and operate the Transparency Supporters, which will audit transparency in each department, in order to promote employee interest in transparency and establish a communication network across the organization.The SMG plans to establish a social consensus for the formation of a transparent city by operating a Citizen Monitoring Group where the people take charge. The group will carry out transparency monitoring such as proposal of transparent ideas, promotion of transparency policies, discovery of corruption-prone areas in the administration, request for system improvement, and improvement of blind spots where the public administration had not been able to reach until now.	The SMG will receive proposals on how to enhance transparency in Seoul (January 20  March 10, 2017) through the Transparent Policy Idea Contest (Asking 10 million Seoulites the way to make Seoul City Transparent) to realize a transparent administration that is trusted by the people and communicates with the people. It will also promote the establishment of a transparency policy that interacts with the people and improve the rate of transparency by gathering ways to improve transparency from the members of the Seoul Transparency Policy Advisory Board consisting of anti-corruption experts in academia and local communities and collect ideas from SMG employees as well."
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will shift away from Punctuality, which had been the paradigm of Seoul Metropolitan Subway for the past 40 years since its opening, and introduce Safety as the new standard.To support the new subway operation paradigm, Safety, the SMG announced Seoul Metropolitan Subway Safety Reinforcement Plan on March 8, 2017 (Wed). It proposes to strengthen the safety of subway facilities, staff, and systems, and to establish ICT-based smart safety management systems such as IoT.First of all, the SMG will invest KRW 837 billion in replacing 610 outdated railcars (460 railcars for Line 2, 150 railcars for Line 3) which have been used for 21 years or longer by 2022. New railcars will be applied with the ATO (Automatic Train Operation) System that precludes railcars from moving when platform screen doors are open.The SMG will invest a total of KRW 2.2 trillion in improving 21 aspects of outdated facilities in seven categories including 40-year-old or older railroads and railway signaling facilities on Lines 1, 2, 3, and 4 by 2030, and remodel 120 outdated subway stations. Based on the results of a total inspection on elevators with increasing failure rates, the SMG will reinforce the safety management structure by determining the new replacement cycle for major parts and reducing the precise safety interval from 20 years to 15 years.In addition, the SMG will establish the Smart Control System by 2023 so that the system can respond to emergency situations more rapidly and efficiently as a safety control tower. It will integrate the different control systems of operation agencies and subway lines spatially and functionally, for swifter and more efficient response to emergencies. The SMG will also increase the number of safety management officers. In the event of a railcar failure, it will broadcast a passenger announcement before reporting it to the control tower. It will apply the uninterruptible broadcasting system to 2,942 railcars by 2020 and establish a Citizens Safety Manual containing evacuation procedures during the emergencies. The Citizens Safety Manual will be produced as a participation-based open manual containing pictograms and video clips and distributed via the website and SNS. The SMG will introduce the real-time onsite safety management monitoring system to guarantee safety at subway construction sites. More safety management staff including safety supervisors will be deployed and construction companies not complying with the safety management regulations will be excluded from future bids for construction work. The SMG will introduce the real-time onsite safety management monitoring system to guarantee safety at subway construction sites. More safety management staff including safety supervisors will be deployed and construction companies not complying with the safety management regulations will be excluded from future bids for construction work. The SMG will consider the readjustment of the subway schedule at night in order to secure time for railcar repair and maintenance. Although the Seoul Metropolitan Subway extended the subway operation hours on weekdays by one hour in order to accommodate late outings and vitalize the use of public transportation in December 2002, the number of passengers after midnight is quite low. As a result, the Seoul Metropolitan Subway has been suffering from an annual loss of KRW 6.1 billion. The SMG decided to adjust the subway schedule at night in order to secure time for facility maintenance and repairs.The SMG will consider the readjustment of the subway schedule at night in order to secure time for railcar repair and maintenance. Although the Seoul Metropolitan Subway extended the subway operation hours on weekdays by one hour in order to accommodate late outings and vitalize the use of public transportation in December 2002, the number of passengers after midnight is quite low. As a result, the Seoul Metropolitan Subway has been suffering from an annual loss of KRW 6.1 billion. The SMG decided to adjust the subway schedule at night in order to secure time for facility maintenance and repairs.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has prepared various participatory programs that will be held prior to the grand opening of Seoullo 7017 on May 20, 2017. Events will be held at Seoullo 7017 Info Garden to the west of Seoul Plaza between March 13 and 24, 2017. 
During the spring of 2017, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will operate various leisure and culture activities in 20 parks so that citizens may experience nature in the city.<Boramae Park, Seoul Forest, World Cup Park, etc.>The following family events will be held in various locations in celebration of Dano and Childrens Day. <Boramae Park, Gildong Ecological Park, World Cup Park>Boramae Park, Gildong Ecological Park, World Cup Park<Pureun Arboretum, Seoul Forest, World Cup Park>Gardening programs are operated at Pureun Arboretum and other venues during spring and early summer.<Gildong Ecological Park, Namsan Park, World Cup Park, etc.>Gildong Ecological Park, Namsan Park, World Cup Park, etc.Learn more about each program and apply through either the website for mountains and parks in Seoul (http://parks.seoul.go.kr) or the Seoul Public Service Reservation website (http://yeyak.seoul.go.kr). Please check in advance to find out if the program involves a fee.
In celebration of International Womens Day on March 8, the SMG announced its Making the City Safe for Women 3.0 Measures. The goal is to realize a city in which women feel safe by implementing gender equality in daily life, educational institutions, and at the workplace.The SMG has successfully implemented a comprehensive womens safety response plan in 2013 for the first time in the nation. The plan yielded tangible results such as a nation-wide expansion of the womens safe delivery service and the safe return helpers program, winning the grand prize at the UN Public Service Awards, and inclusion in the list of top 10 policies selected by Seoulites. The SMG plans to further advance womens safety in Seoul by rooting out hate culture, dating violence and digital sex crimes from the city.Making the City Safe for Women 3.0 Measures will be carried out in three categories through 11 projects. The three categories are:  Propagation of gender equality across society (Equal Seoul),  Prevention of misogynistic crimes such as dating violence and digital sex crimes and support of victims (Respectful Seoul), and  Expansion and fortification of womens safety infrastructure (Safe Seoul).First, focus will be given to education at school, forming a sustainable corporate culture of gender equality at the workplace, and spreading awareness of gender equality in daily life.School: Customized training will be given according to age to 30,000 children at daycare centers, elementary schools, and middle schools to enhance their intellectual sensitivity. Children at daycare centers will receive training at the center by visiting experts, while elementary school students and middle school students will receive interactive training and discussion-based human rights training (during the free semester), respectively.Workplace: In the workplace, the SMG will preemptively implement measures such as designation of gender managers in all divisions, appointment of a minimum of 40% female board of directors, making requests for cooperation and approval of the gender advisor mandatory when establishing a policy plan, and annually training 10,000 employees on gender awareness.Daily life: The SMG will launch Seoul PR Material Monitoring Group that reports misogynistic or sexually discriminating content on public PR materials and carry out on- and off-line campaigns including a Gender Equality Contest, where men who are practicing gender equality share their stories, and Equality UCC Contest to spread awareness of gender equality in everyday life. Second, in 2017, the SMG will focus on rooting out dating violence and digital sex crimes, in continuation of its efforts during 2016 of installing and operating a hot-line for dating violence counseling for the first time among local governments in Korea. Relief organizations for dating violence and digital sex crimes will select private organizations to start a demonstration project operation and review the possibility of establishing a professional support organization by 2018.Since surveys on the status of dating violence has been carried out in a limited fashion up until now, the SMG will conduct a comprehensive survey in 2017 to come up with mid- to long-term prevention and response measures. Proper response manuals on dating violence and digital sex crimes will be created and distributed in different versions for victims and supporting groups (police, etc.) and used during counseling as well.Third, the SMG will reinforce and expand upon womens safety infrastructure including the Ansimi app (Returning Home Safely). It will also enhance training programs like Visiting Womens Safety Class to improve the response capacity to disasters.Simultaneously, the SMG will reinforce and advance other existing measures to do everything it can to promote the safety of women.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will inject KRW 10 billion to elevate its MICE industry, which was ranked 3rd in the world in 2016, to the highest level in the world in 2017.  MICE: Industry that encompasses Meetings, Incentive Travels, Conventions, and ExhibitionsThis year, the SSS, See you in SEOUL Special (tentative title) package will be launched. As a total care service that offers various supports and trade discounts, the package will provide budget support, Seoul welcome kit, Incheon Airport welcoming message, and specialized tour programs to users. Promotion and marketing will start in the first half of 2017 focusing on the Asia region.The specialized tour programs for MICE participants is set for a paradigm shift this year to activate the local economy. Instead of filling up the itinerary with tourist attractions, this years programs will feature major festivals, events, traditional markets, night markets, and alley tours.The SMG will strive to elevate Seoul into the top MICE city in the world by announcing the Five Plans to Promote MICE in 2017 and adding new businesses to the rising industry.The Five Plans include:  Selection of support targets based on quantitative and qualitative indicators  Launch of a comprehensive promotion package  Representative MICE Promotion Project for Seoul in Three Steps  Operation of specialized programs featuring new tourist resources  Conversion of the industry structure into a virtuous cycle through fortification of public-private cooperation.First, in 2017, when selecting MICE support targets, qualitative indicators will be added and revised to operate events that create high added value and boost the economy of Seoul.Second, See you in SEOUL Special (tentative title) will begin its marketing campaign in the first half of 2017 as a newly launched support promotion package.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the 2017 Crosswalk Improvement and Expansion Plan.  or  shaped crosswalks in downtown Seoul will be replaced by all-directional crosswalks and diagonal crossings will be installed at crosswalks with heavy passenger flow as well as those that require two or more crossings in the direction of  or .
"	Furthermore, additional crossings will be installed between crosswalks that are too sparsely located or narrow roads with a heavy passenger volume in order to decrease jaywalking. Additionally, bright lights that illuminate crosswalks and safety features such as Left View Light and Yellow Carpet will be added to crosswalks near accident-prone areas and customized pedestrian training will be provided to vulnerable traffic users."
2016 SEOUL BAMDOKKAEBI NIGHT MARKETThe Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market, which was voted as the top policy of Seoul by foreigners, hosted 3.3 million visitors during 2016. The 2017 Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market will be held on March 24 (Fri) in four different locations at Yeouido Hangang Park, Banpo Hangang Park, Dongdaemun Design Plaza, and Cheonggyecheon Stream. 362 merchants (142 food trucks and 220 merchants selling handmade products and other items) will be present at the events.From March 10 (Fri) to 12 (Sun), the Seoul Metropolitan Government will host an open contest to select merchants to participate in the 2017 Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market at Yeouido Hangang Park. 498 merchants (270 food trucks and 228 general merchants) will enter the open contest.The 2016 Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market started out in March as the Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market@Yeouido and continued to grow in size to include a total of four locations (Yeouido Hangang Park, Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP), Mokdong Stadium, and Cheonggye Plaza). Each market operated on Fridays and Saturdays and a total of 102 food trucks, 200 handmade artists, 240 performance teams, and 3.3 million citizens (average of 70,000 per day) attended the event.The open contest will be held from 2 pm to 9 pm over three days for each category and judged for its expertise and popularity by 20 judges that consist of a professional evaluation team and a civilian evaluation team.The civilian evaluation team will be recruited on-line (March 3-7). A total of 90 team members will be selected in six groups of 15 which will consist of the major target categories of homemakers, working professionals, college students, and foreigners. Visit the Bamdokkaebi Night Market website for details of the application method and schedule.Visit the open contest to sample the menu for the 2017 Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market menu and purchase goods before the actual event. 
The 440,000m2 area around Sewoon Shopping Center that houses approximately 1,600 businesses will go through a transformation under the Dasi (Again) Sewoon Project. Through cooperation beyond the existing convergence between industries and new technologies, the area will be developed into a strategic hub to lead the fourth industrial revolution that centers on the manufacturing industry. The area around Sewoon Shopping Center (seven buildings lined up extending for a total of 1km (Jongno  Toegyero)) is occupied with Koreas first mixed-use buildings which were constructed in the 1960s. Having led the development of electronic and electrical industries in the 1970s  1980s, this area has been in the doldrums ever since. The main core of this project is for the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) to develop a platform for the fourth industrial revolution so that young startups can apply the techniques of master craftsmen to fourth industrial technologies like IoT to experiment, develop, manufacture and commercialize products.In 2017, hub spaces to lead such activities will open in three steps. In March, construction will be completed for a space to accommodate four strategic institutes to incubate, educate and support manufacturing activities of startups. In May, construction will be completed for a space for creative development of young startups. Later, in August, construction will be completed for cultural facilities for citizens and a public pedestrian bridge.Gradual development will be promoted for the 171 zones of Sewoon Redevelopment Promotion District located on both sides of Sewoon Shopping Center including Sewoon Zone 4, of which construction has been delayed for over a decade due to a dispute over building height regulations. In Sewoon Zone 4, commercial facilities including hotels, offices and studio apartments will be built on land with a gross area of 280,000m2 surrounding a large square, while creating harmony with preexisting buildings such as Jongmyo. As such, the Sewoon Shopping Center district will evolve into a Maker City where manufacturing, production and marketing as well as residential, commercial and cultural spaces are integrated, centering on the creative manufacturing industry.  The Dasi Sewoon Project will be carried out in three steps. Step 1 (March) is to develop spaces for strategic institutes (infrastructure/support), step 2 (May) is to develop spaces for young startups and makers (creativity/development) and step 3 (Aug.)  is to develop cultural spaces for citizens (pedestrian/cultural). First, on March 2 (Thu.), two spaces opened to accommodate the four strategic institutions (University of Seoul, Seoul Metropolitan City Social Economy Support Center, Seed:s and Fab Lab Seoul) invited by the SMG to support the incubation and growth of young startups and makers.A space to incubate young business startups will open on the third floor of Asia Electronics Mall (approx. 630m2), which has been vacant for a long period of time. In addition, a workshop for manufacturing and carrying out creative activities will be developed in the boiler room (approx. 165m2) on the basement of Sewoon Shopping Center, a space that embodies the rich history of Sewoon Shopping Center. University of Seoul City Campus, which focuses on the education of technologies and business incubation, will operate lecture rooms in the two locations and the Seoul Metropolitan City Social Economy Support Center will open as well to provide full support to social economic organizations in the fields of technology and manufacturing.Second, in May, 29 business incubation spaces named Sewoon Makers Cube will open alongside the pedestrian deck (Sewoon  Daerim Shopping Mall), which is currently under construction. Startups will use these spaces to carry out creative development activities including the development of drones and smart medical devices. Third, in August, cultural facilities to connect these spaces and the outside will be completed to receive citizens. A rest area with an observatory (Sewoon Rooftop) will be built on the rooftop of Sewoon Shopping Center to offer an uninterrupted view of Namsan Mountain and Jongmyo. In addition, the public pedestrian bridge (Sewoon  Cheonggye Shopping Mall), which was demolished due to the Cheonggyecheon Stream restoration project, will be reconstructed as the Sewoon Pedestrian Bridge. The Sewoon Greenway Park will be transformed into a square and, on the basement level, the first exhibition hall in Hanyangdoseong, or the area inside Seoul City Wall, will open to exhibit historical artifacts and a government office site from the mid-Joseon Dynasty excavated during construction work. In line with the vitalization of the creative manufacturing industry, which originated in the Sewoon Shopping Center district, the 171 zones of Sewoon Redevelopment Promotion District will carry out projects by each unit and act as one of the pillars of Maker City, which integrates industrial, residential and cultural facilities. In 2014, the SMG finalized a redevelopment promotion plan to keep Sewoon Shopping Center District and separately develop the surrounding areas instead in small and medium scales (171 zones) in order to keep the historic value of the city and improve project feasibility and has been promoting this plan ever since. The SMG plans to complete the reviewing and licensing procedures by the end of 2017 and commence and complete construction by 2021 and 2023, respectively.
In March 2017, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will host a blog posting and photo contest for Seoullo 7017 featuring photos and writings on the Seoul Station overpass and the surrounding area. The Seoullo 7017 Photo Contest will be accepting photos of Seoul Station or Seoul Station overpass as well as candid shots portraying the lives of the people in the Seoul Station area. The Seoullo 7017 Blog Post Contest will be accepting applications of postings that discuss ones memories on and experiences with the Seoul Station overpass and the surrounding areas.Winners will be announced in April 2017 on the contest website and selected postings and photos will be utilized as promotional materials or listed on the Seoullo 7017 White Book and displayed in the photo exhibition.Details of the Seoullo 7017 Photo and Blog Posting Contest can be found on the contest website (http://www.seoullocontest.com).The SMG plans to heighten interest in the Seoullo 7017 Project through a number of contests for Seoulites and residents near Seoul Station, including 7017 Canvas, Seoul Station Area Urban Regeneration Resident Contest, and Seoullo Souvenir Contest. 
At noon on March 1, 2017 (Wednesday), the Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold a bell-ringing ceremony at Bosingak Belfry, one of Seouls representative structures, in commemoration of the 98th anniversary of the March 1st Movement.The bell-ringing ceremony will be held to commemorate the patriotic spirit of independence fighters who devoted themselves to the liberation of Korea and to remember Koreas history and instill appreciation and love for the country based on the spirit of the March 1st Movement.For the 2017 Bell Ringing Ceremony, 12 public figures including Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon, Chairman Jun-uk Yang of Seoul Metropolitan Council, descendants of independence fighters, and other figures who inherited the spirit of the March 1st Movement will be divided into three groups and each ring the bell 11 times, for a total of 33 times. Nine of the participants, in particular, were selected among descendants of independence fighters and figures who inherited the spirit of the March 1st Movement.Before the bell-ringing ceremony, the Jongno-gu Choir will perform songs and citizens will march from Naminsa Madang to Bosingak Belfry, reenacting the March 1st Movement. These events are held to commemorate the patriotic spirit of the ancestors and the March 1st Movement which formed the foundation of national unity and independence.In addition, the SMG will provide a variety of campaigns and programs for citizens. The SMG will produce and release videos that offer contemplations on Korean history and life on Live Seoul and YouTube, and spread various contents via SNS to commemorate the March 1st Movement.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will build 300 additional public daycare centers in 2017 by spending a budget of KRW 165 billion. This will raise accessibility, parents top priority in selecting a daycare center. In 2012, there were 1.5 public daycare centers per neighborhood that took over an average of 25 minutes to reach by foot. In 2017, there will be up to four centers in each neighborhood (the approved standard), reducing the walking distance to just 15 minutes. Due to the implementation of the free childcare service in 2012, the number of home/private daycare centers increased while public daycare centers and their enrollment rate decreased temporarily.According to the Satisfaction Survey on the Expansion of Public Daycare Centers the 1,301 parents who sent their children to public daycare centers between 2015 and 2016 prioritized accessibility, followed by reputation and public in their selection of a daycare center.Starting this year, Daycare Center Safety Officers will be dispatched to evaluate the safety of the facilities at daycare centers. In 2017, the number of daycare centers that will be inspected by Visiting Nurses will be expanded to 3,000 from 2,000 in 2016 to monitor child abuse as well as infectious diseases.In addition to sending Daycare Center Safety Officers and expanding upon the Visiting Nurse system, the SMG will increase the teacher resource pool that supports the recruitment of verified teachers two fold from 1,368 in 2016 to 2,500 in 2017.The SMG plans to increase the number of daycare centers to 2,154 by 2020 with over 30% of them being public to ensure that one out of two children who attend a daycare center can go to a public daycare center.Inquiries: Childcare Officer (Tel) +82-2-2133-5128
Seoullo 7017, the brand name of Seoul Station Project 7017, is a transformation project that aims to vitalize downtown Seoul. The old Seoul Station overpass which used to be a road for automobiles will be reborn into a pedestrian walkway and the surrounding area will be developed as well. Seoullo 7017 will be open to the public as planned through a grand opening on May 20, 2017.A noteworthy feature of Seoullo 7017 will be the 24,000 something plants of 228 species in 645 flower pots. In consideration of the visibility of vegetation and the blooming period, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the official opening ceremony on May 20, 2017.Construction work for Seoullo 7017 is 70% completed at the present (end of February) and is scheduled to proceed as planned.
Installation of facilities that connect Seoullo to the surrounding areas as well as construction of connecting walkways to surrounding buildings are also in progress.The SMG plans to enhance the quality of Seoullo by inspecting the conditions of various facilities and discussing possible issues that may arise during the operation of Seoullo from a multidimensional perspective with experts and citizens until the grand opening in May. In the course of coming up with complementary measures, the SMG hopes to present Seoullo 7017 to the public in excellent condition. The opening ceremony is being prepared under the idea of creating a space where citizens and residents come together in a festive atmosphere. It also aims to introduce the importance of regeneration and walking to people.Instead of coming up with new events, the SMG will line up established cultural events of Seoul for the opening ceremony to generate the maximum effect with a minimum budget.
Programs designed to maximize public participation will also be included in the opening ceremony.Once the plants are installed on Seoullo and details of the opening ceremony are finalized in March, the SMG will host a press briefing or press tour for reporters so that they can experience Seoullo ahead of the grand opening and provide an accurate description of the opening ceremony.
The Seoul Metropolitan Governments administrative innovations were introduced in the East Asia special edition of the spring 2017 issue of Stanford Social Innovation Review. The special edition introduces social innovations in four Asian countries including Korea to English-speaking readers with the goal to help them understand the significance and outlook of such cases in East Asian Societies and provide them with a better understanding of the social issues and structural environment in countries that need innovation.Out of the local government-initiated innovations implemented by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, Stanford Social Innovation Review chose to talk about the owl bus (midnight bus) service. The owl bus service, which had transported over 6,000 passengers a day during its first year (2013) of operation, allowed passengers to save on average 6,000 won (5 dollars) compared to taking a late night taxi. The policy was most highly evaluated by Seoulites in 2013 for cutting back on the number of refusals of passengers by night taxi drivers and promoting the safety of women during their night out.The special edition mentions the SMGs Sharing Economy, introducing it as a system that has facilitated social innovation and contributed to constructing a healthy ecosystem that led to social innovation by requisitely connecting consumers to resources.The magazine cited intermediary support organizations as the factor that sets SMG apart from other governmental organizations. It introduced Social Economy Center which supports social enterprises and associations Youth Hub which provides productive Play Ground (Noriteo) to young start-up CEOs Seoul Community Support Center which reactivates local communities as a support organization Sharing Hub which supports the sharing economy and venture businesses, and Social Innovation Park which is used as a platform to gather pioneers, citizens and related personnel. SSIR also explained that while the SMG allocates the budget to intermediary support organizations, the organizations operate independently and plan their own policies through discussion.Since preemptively introducing the Sharing Economy policy in 2012 as a countermeasure to various urban issues including parking problems and environmental pollution, the SMG has supported a total of 82 startups and organizations.Such innovations by the SMG received the international spotlight including coverage in major media and press such as Forbes, LA Times and The Guardian. In March 2016, Seoul was ranked among the Top 7 Most Sustainable Cities in the World by The Guardian, and in November 2016, the Mayor of Seoul was awarded the Gothenburg Award for Sustainable Development given to an individual who contributed to the development of a sustainable future. URL of Article: https://ssir.org/supplement/social_innovation_and_socail_transition_in_east_asia
 In accordance with Article 14 of the Foreign Investment Promotion Act (FIPA), Article 20 of the FIPA Enforcement Decree, Article 15 and 16 of the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) Ordinance on Support for Foreign Investment, we hereby offer notification of the plan, outlined below, to provide subsidies for employment, education, and training for foreign invested enterprises in Seoul Metropolitan City in 2017. Eligible companies are kindly requested to submit an application for subsidy in accordance with the following.February 16, 2017Mayor of Seoul Metropolitan City
100 major cities including London, Paris, Montreal and New York were selected as 100 Resilient Cities as part of the Rockefeller Foundations special project celebrating the organizations 100th Anniversary. Seoul was also included in the 100RC in May 2016 after beating out 8 competitors. 100RC seeks to come up with solutions to disasters by identifying their cause within the social context rather than analyzing the disaster as a separate phenomenon. To accomplish this, it enhances the disaster recovery capability of member cities by providing them with the hiring cost for the Chief Resilience Officer (CRO), professional consulting and relevant software.The Seoul Metropolitan Government expects to receive support in the areas of risk management techniques required for the establishment and execution of the Disaster Recovery Enhancement Plan, as well as big data utilization and analysis techniques from 100RCs nonprofit partners Palantir, EPA, Microsoft, and THE WORLD BANK.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has provided over 105,770 public rental housing units to housing vulnerable groups over the past five years through its public rental housing project. Considering that the average number of people per household averages 2.5 in Seoul, over 240,000 residents have benefited from the public rental housing project.The SMG implemented the public rental housing project in 1989 with an initial supply of 640 public rental housing units. Since then, a total of 258,634 public rental housing units have been supplied, with one-third (80,101) of them having been supplied in the last five years. The budget spent during that same time period amounts to KRW 3.6717 trillion.The increase in the supply of public rental housing units was followed by the rise in public rental housing in-stock rate, an important index for identifying the residential stability of housing vulnerable groups. Last year, the rate exceeded 7% (5.18% in 2011 to 7.04% in 2016) and came close to the OECD average (8% in 2014).After Mayor Park Won-soon entered office, the public rental housing project shifted away from merely providing enough units to creating consumer-tailored rental housing. A total of 1,819 (2,364 households) customized rental housing units were supplied as Start-up Housing (office and residential space for young entrepreneurs), Safe Medical Housing (housing for seniors and patients), Safe Women Housing (single housing for women with an enhanced security system), Lone Seniors Housing (housing for seniors who live alone), and Artist Coop (housing that allows artists to focus on their artistic endeavors).The SMG also provides Resident Community Space inside public rental housing complexes featuring a daycare center, book caf, town hall, and community rehabilitation center. In 2017, the SMG plans to supply a total of 15,000 public rental housing units including customer-tailored housing (450 units), 7 complexes in Godeok-Gangil District (4,935 units) and Jeongneung Public Housing Complex (170 units).
Seoul Metropolitan Government provides foreign invested companies, who newly hired more than 10 employees in 2016, with up to 400 million won consisting of wage subsidies for employment (200 million won) and workplace training subsidies (200 million won).In order to encourage foreign invested companies to create more jobs and make more investments in Korea, Seoul has provided 4.243 billion won to a total of 1,808 new employees of 52 foreign invested companies from 2005 to 2016.To claim the subsidies, the ratio of foreign investment to total investment should be 30% or higher and the companies, which have registered their businesses in Seoul within five years (in the case of increased investment, within five years after investment is made), should have 10 employees or more who have been newly employed in 2016.A maximum of 1 million won is provided per person from the 11th new employee for up to six months. The subsidies do not exceed 400 million (wage subsidies for employment of 200 million won + workplace training subsidies of 200 million won) per company.To receive the subsidies, foreign invested companies should be engaged in one of the eight new growth engine industries (IT convergence, digital contents, green industry, business service, fashion and design. finance, tourism and convention, and biomedicine).Foreign invested companies who want to receive the subsidies can download an application form from http://investseoul.com/ and drop it off at the Investment Promotion Division, Seoul Metropolitan Government or submit it by mail from February 16, 2017 to April 28, 2017. Successful applicants will be selected by the Foreign Investment Promotion Council.Contact:  2133-5356
A full year has gone by since Seoul announced to Democratize the Economy of Seoul for the first time among the 25 autonomous districts in Seoul, with the goal to realize an economy of mutual growth and fair trade, as well as to protect fundamental labor rights. Seoul, based on the achievements of the past year which included assisting tenant merchants, franchise stores, and small business owners, will this year announce the 2017 Plan for Democratization of the Economy of Seoul and promote policies to benefit non-regular workers, employees at small businesses, and part-time workers.Recap of last year: Assisted the disadvantaged economic group by operating specialized support organizations such as commercial building lease counseling centers We have been providing support to the disadvantaged economic group by setting up Commercial Building Lease Counseling Centers in which licensed real estate agents and lawyers help protect the rights of merchant tenants, Unfair Loss Counseling Centers to resolve issues that arise between franchise stores and the head office, and a Business Owner Support Center to help small business owners gain independence.Seoul was the first region in the nation that installed the Long Term Safety Commercial Buildings project in order to overcome gentrification of the old downtown, which resulted in the expulsion of residents. The project is yielding excellent results as 35 commercial buildings were designated as long term safety commercial buildings and a total of 128 mutual growth agreements were signed between landlords and tenants (landlords shall restrain from raising rents for at least five years and the landlords shall support up to 30 million won for remodeling costs).Unfair transactions in franchise stores is being improved through consistent efforts. The SMG has achieved policy change in the central government through a survey on 1,328 franchise stores of 49 franchise companies in four fields including pizza franchises, identifying unfair transactions in 11 companies, and taking action such as self-correction by companies, revising standard affiliate contracts, consigning authority to local governments, and conducting joint inspections of franchise stores. Efforts to improve working conditions are also in progress. The Employee Representation on Board system, which was introduced in Korea for the first time, will be expanded to include 13 more investment and funding organizations and a total of 8,687 non-regular employees at companies in Seoul and investment and funding organizations became full-time workers by the end of 2016. The Living Wage system, which was granted to 1,039 directly employed workers at companies in Seoul and investment and funding organizations for the first time in 2015, was expanded in 2016 to include 1,480 more privately-commissioned workers. In 2017, a total of 10,000 investment and funding organizations and new deal job participants will receive the extra benefits.What will happen next year?: Plans to provide support to artists, consignment agencies and start-up companiesSMG defines Democratization of the Economy as creating a society in which everyone is well-off, an economic city that centers on people to realize fair values and aims to enhance the economic sovereignty of the subjugated by announcing the 2017 Plan for Democratization of the Economy of Seoul which entails 23 tasks to commence on February 13th based on the achievements of the first year of its implementation. During the first year of its implementation, projects focused on small- and medium-sized businesses and small business owners. In the second year, the SMG will launch 7 New Projects and focus on those who suffer from exploitation of power including non-regular workers, employees who work at small businesses, and part-time workers.The Arts and Culture Unfair Trade Counseling Center will open on February 27th at the Seoul Art Space, Seogyo, in the Hongdae area, the mecca of artists. Eight lawyers will offer legal consultations, arbitration, and help people fill out legal forms while providing training on unfair trade cases once a week to up and coming artists who are potential victims.A Special Financial Product in the amount of 5 billion won will be launched in March in order to raise the social insurance subscription rate at workplaces including the employment insurance of small business owners and non-regular workers. The product was launched to ensure a social safety network for employees. Each company will be able to receive up to 50 million won (interest subsidy rate 2.5%) for as long as five years (payable in installments with a one year grace period).To avoid a tragic delay in payment as demonstrated in the E-Land Part-timers Case and protect the labor rights of young part-time workers, the SMG has been operating 17 on-line (http://albaright.com) and off-line (120 Dasan Call Center) Part-timer Payment Delay Report Centers since January. The center handles cases of overdue wages, petitions and lawsuits free of charge. The SMG will decide on whether the centers will continue to operate depending on the outcome of the overdue wages report program, which started operation in January 16th and will continue until March 31st.The SMG will implement the Benefit-sharing System, an economic model of mutual growth for companies and their consignment agencies to share benefits according to pre-arranged contracts, to public enterprises in Seoul. In 2016, the Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corporation was the first company in the local government to adopt the program. In 2017, we will expand the target to include Seoul Metro and the Seoul Housing & Communities Corporation. For example, the Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corporation, will share benefits by securing the amount of purchase through signing a private contract with a cooperation company that has succeeded in the domestic production and standardization of locomotive parts.Simultaneously, to prevent technology leaks and thefts at start-ups and small- and medium-sized businesses, which has been increasing as of late, we will put together a Technology Protection Group composed of lawyers and patent attorneys. They will work in the Seoul Start-up Hub at Mapo-gu, which will open in May, providing consultations so that companies can receive free appraisal as to whether their technology has been stolen by large corporations.The Employee Representation on Board system, in which one or two employee representatives participate in board meetings and exercise their votes, was first implemented by The Seoul Institute in January who appointed an employee representative and is scheduled to be introduced to all 13 companies that are required to do so (investment and funding companies in Seoul with 100 or more employees) this year.Lastly, the Prevailing Wage program chosen by the Obama administration will be applied to construction workers. Starting in July, all construction projects commissioned by the SMG will follow the Prevailing Wage program.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is setting out to expand its tour repertoire at their open market website for experiential tours, One More Trip, after its three month trial operation ended just recently.
With the goal of attracting 17 million foreign tourists in 2017, SMG will now focus on increasing the websites high quality tour products, improving its usability, and active marketing and promotions to increase awareness and purchase rate.To that end, outstanding experiential programs will be selected through an open contest in March, which will then go through consultation, and become developed into specialized experiential products that target individual foreign tourists.Additionally, we are planning on launching a Japanese website and enhance the user convenience of our website through a design upgrade and other functions. A dedicated support center will be launched to handle inquiries related to products and traveling.At One More Trip, you can search for and purchase unique experiential tourist programs for individual foreign tourists through convenient international card payment. Tour products include making traditional liquor, experiencing Korean night out, making rice cake, making perfume, and making Korean food. The website(www.onemoretrip.net) can be accessed both on your PC and mobile phone. Foreign tourists can conveniently search for and purchase products through convenient international payment on PayPal or Wechatpay. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government recently opened Seoul Welfare Town, a 11,027 building comprising ten ground level floors and two basement floors. Various institutes will move into the building including the Seoul Welfare Foundation, the center for Seouls welfare policies, and the Seoul 50 Plus Foundation, an organization that supports the post-retirement life of citizens aged 50 and above. Seoul Welfare Town is expected to create synergistic effects as a comprehensive welfare complex through communication and cooperation with welfare institutes in Seoul. An opening ceremony, including tape-cutting and sign-board hanging events, was held on February 10 (Fri) at 2pm with Mayor Park Won-soon in attendance.Floors 1-4 of the Seoul Welfare Town building contain classrooms, lecture halls, multipurpose rooms, and club rooms for the Seoul 50 Plus Foundation and the 50+ Central Campus, all of which will be used as learning and recreation spaces for baby boomers who are preparing for their post-retirement life. Floors 8-10 will be used as meeting rooms and office spaces for the Seoul Welfare Foundation.The Seoul Financial Welfare Counseling Center and the Seoul Social Welfare Public Interest Law Center will provide finance and welfare-related legal consultation to people with financial difficulties or assistance to those who are unfamiliar with the law. The Seoul Financial Welfare Counseling Center will provide citizens with financial guidance by acting as a finance consultation and relief organization (debt settlement in the fields of bankruptcy and recovery). The Seoul Social Welfare Public Interest Law Center will provide legal consultation and assistance with lawsuits to low-income and vulnerable social groups as well as develop and implement specialized welfare law services aimed at the prevention of debt inheritance and other matters.
The Yeongdeungpo-Yeouido Spring Flower Festival is held in April when the many thousands of cherry blossoms come into full bloom along the 1.7km stretch of the Hangang River, attracting about six million people each year. In May, the Seoul Jungnang Rose Festival, whose highlights include the 5.1km-long Rose Tunnel and the Rose Parade, is held at Junghwa Sports Park and Surim Grand Park. The Yeondeunghoe or Buddhist Lantern Festival, held at various major sites around Seoul, features a traditional lantern exhibition, a lantern parade, performances of traditional culture and arts, and a post-parade celebration. The festival has been designated as Intangible Cultural Property No. 122.The Sinchon Watergun Festival, held in Sinchon in July of each year, features exciting mass watergun fights, water slides and DJ-ing. During the summer many festivals are held in different parts of Hangang Park, and various major riverside festivals featuring water sports and street festivals are held at the Hangang Pool and the Hangang Summer Campsite. In August, the Seoul Culture Night event is held at Seoul Plaza and the Dongdaemun History and Culture Park, enabling visitors to discover the charm of nightlife in Seoul and enjoy it to the fullest.The Seoul Arirang Festival is held at Gwanghwamun Square in October of each year under the theme of the national hymn, Arirang, a UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage. This is followed by the Seoul Street Arts Festival and the Seoul International Fireworks Festival, the highlights of the autumn festival period in Seoul, and the Seoul Silver Grass Festival, another major fall event held at Haneul Park in Mapo-gu.The Seoul Kimchi Festival is held in November at Seoul Plaza, Gwanghwamun Square, and Taepyeong-ro. Launched in 2014 to commemorate the registration of gimjang as a UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage, the festival is a great opportunity to see, experience and taste everything about gimjang culture. The Seoul Lantern Festival is also held along a 1.2km stretch of the Cheonggyecheon Stream around this time, when hundreds of thousands of Seoul-themed lanterns illuminate the nighttime sky between Cheonggye Square and Supyogyo Bridge. The festival schedule is subject to change.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will create a total of 56,000 jobs (11.6% year-on-year increase) in 2017. It will create new jobs in three categories, i.e. public interest, market, and manpower dispatch types of jobs, in order to increase the income of elderly people and help them lead a healthier life through social activities.First, 41,132 public interest type jobs (accounting for 74% of the total) will be provided to basic pension beneficiaries aged 65 or older. In addition to Elderly Care for the poor elderly, this job category includes support for vulnerable social groups, public facility management, and knowledge transmission.Meanwhile, the number of market type jobs for elderly people aged 60 or older has been increased from 8,369 in 2016 to 11,946 (accounting for 21%) in 2017. This category of job includes parcel services (subway, apartments, etc.), joint work (shopping bag manufacturing, etc.), and food manufacturing/sales (twisted bread sticks, dumplings, etc.).Lastly, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide manpower dispatch type jobs to help people aged 60 or over find a job in association with private companies. A total of 2,843 short-term jobs (proctors, management of administrative affairs, etc.) will be provided this year.The Seoul Metropolitan Government is striving to eliminate dead zones in the welfare sector and create more social service jobs for the older generation.In particular, its demonstration project for blind people, which has been implemented for the past three months, has been highly praised by service beneficiaries (blind people) and participants (the elderly) alike. In this project, elderly citizens help blind people use the subway. So far, the scheme has assisted 548 blind people at 38 subway stations, and is now due to be extended to 1,624 people in 97 subway stations.In addition, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will make concerted efforts to create an extensive range of social service jobs that improve social welfare such as childcare, volunteers for the disabled, support for living facility users, multicultural family and single-parent family services, and youth guidance.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is recruiting 80 foreign volunteers to serve as Seoul Quality of Life Monitors from February 8 to 15.  After the document screening process, successful applicants will be announced on February 20 and carry out volunteer activities from March until December 2017. Composed entirely of foreign volunteers, the Monitoring Team will provide suggestions related to every aspect of their daily lives, and find and apply excellent cases of overseas administrative policies to Seoul. In 2016, 90 foreign volunteers from 31 countries and 10 Korean translators submitted a total of 336 suggestions, of which good suggestions have since been put into practice.
In addition to making policy proposals, the foreign volunteers will participate in an extensive range of city tours and Korean cultural and history programs and introduce Korean history and culture to other foreigners as honorary ambassadors of Seoul.For further information and the application, please visit the Seoul Metropolitan Government Website (www.seoul.go.kr) and the Seoul Global Center Website (http://global.seoul.go.kr). For inquiries, contact the Multiculturalism Division (02-2133-5076) at Seoul Metropolitan Government.
On June 1, 2016, the Seoul Metropolitan Government announced its Comprehensive Plan for 50+ Assistance for citizens aged 50-64, who account for 21.9% (2,190,000 people) of the citys total population. Since then it has been striving to establish a differentiated support system for the older generations, providing counselling and education to a total of 75,752 citizens in 2016. In 2017, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will launch four new programs for the over fifties including the 50+ Center, 50+ Life School, 50+ Social Contribution Jobs, and 50+ Generation.The consultants and moderators of the 50+ Center, all of whom are also in their fifties or older, help users of the service to plan their post-retirement life in the areas of work, financial affairs, family, and relationships. In 2016, the center provided around 380 cases of one-to-one 50+ counselling service to 6,941 citizens. The Seoul Metropolitan Government aims to expand the scope of the service to include 10,000 people by 2017 and as many as 30,000 people by 2020.The 50+ Western Campus and the 50+ Central Campus will offer the 50+ Life School starting in March 2017. The new education program is designed to help members of the older generations plan and lead their own life by offering them participatory education for life redesign through three departments (life redesign, career exploration, and support for daily life) on a semester basis. 4,572 students completed 127 courses in 2016 and 2,971 students will take courses during the first semester of 2017. Both campuses will offer mandatory introductory courses while local resources and infrastructure-based courses are independently operated on each campus. The Western Campus will team up with Seoul Innovation Park to expand its curriculum to include social participation classes, including 3rd Sector & the Community, Global Volunteering, and Integration of Generations. The Central Campus plans to work together with the Seoul Startup Hub and the Sangam Media Center to offer media, business start-up, and job creation courses. The number of students is expected to increase by more than 7,000 once the construction of the Southern Campus is completed in September 2017. A total of six campuses will be established by 2020, and they are expected to produce  25,000 graduates every year.In 2017, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will establish four more centers in four districts and operate eleven infrastructure facilities in total, including three 50+ campuses and four centers. Once six campuses and nineteen centers have been established for the 50+ program by 2020, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will have opened a dedicated 50+ infrastructure facility in all of its autonomous districts.The Seoul Metropolitan Government will create 50+ Social Contribution Jobs to enable members of the older generations to contribute to society and earn an adequate income based on their work experience. A total of 1,575 social contribution jobs were provided to seniors in 2016 and the average competition rate was 2.2:1. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will increase the number of jobs by 1,000 each year to provide a total of 5,000 social contribution jobs for citizens aged over 50 by 2020.Each month, the Seoul Metropolitan Government provides an idle campus facility and support funds (within KRW 500,000) to selected 50+ community groups to help citizens aged over 50 build their interpersonal relationships and enjoy their post-requirement life. A total of 1,274 people in 127 teams received benefits in 2016 from the project, which was carried out at each campus. The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to provide more support for community clubs founded by citizens aged over 50, with the aim of supporting 200 and 300 teams by 2017 and 2020, respectively.The Seoul Metropolitan Government expects that around 140,000 senior citizens will receive welfare benefits in 2017, and that about 500,000 citizens (roughly 1 out of every 4 citizens aged over 50) will enjoy the benefits by 2020 when all the autonomous districts in Seoul will have a dedicated 50+ infrastructure facility.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will award prize money of up to 6 million won (within 80% of the total expenses may be covered) to the winner of the 2017 Foreign Residents Community Culture Festival Contest. With this special funding, Seoul hopes to invigorate community and cultural events for foreign residents in Seoul and provide Korean citizens with opportunities to experience diverse cultures from around the world.All cultural events in Seoul hosted by a foreign community group or private organization featuring music, sports, food, or clothing are eligible to apply to enter the contest between March and November 2017. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will announce the winner and the details/amount of the prize money to be awarded by no later than the beginning of March.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) hereby announces its support project to promote a variety of cultural events held by foreign community members in Seoul.2017. 2. 1.
This information will introduce the cultural activities that visitors and citizens of Seoul can enjoy during the holiday of Seollal, Korean Lunar New Years holiday.There will be special operations for the visitors who want to make special memories at Hangang River during the holiday. After watching a romantic acoustic guitar performance on board, they can fly kites and experience the Winter Story Cruise that deserves to be enjoyed.When visiting Hangang Park during the Korean New Year s holiday, anyone can enjoy the traditional experiences and games for free. In the 11 areas of Hangang Park, visitors can enjoy various traditional games including Yutnori, Neolttwigi, etc.
From January 27th to January 30th, the 2017 Seollal Feast at Unhyeongung Palace will be held in the Unhyeongung Palace, aiming to greet New Years day, Seollal which, is one of the most special holidays for Korean people, and to pray for the well-being of all the citizens throughout the year.
The number of foreign tourists who visited Seoul in 2016 exceeded 13.5 million. It is the largest ever, increased by 18.8% from the 11.42 million in 2014, and 30.3% from the 10.41 million in 2015. Based on these achievements, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to attract 17 million tourists to visit Seoul from abroad in 2017 and, by doing so, secure 606,000 jobs in the related industries.Seoul, which is a major city visited by 78.7% of the total number of tourists visiting Korea, has set the top five priority projects in 2017: 1) promote the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics and attract visitors to Seoul 2) carry out tailor-made marketing for each target market 3) derive fair tourism models 4) strengthen tourism infrastructure to accommodate 20 million tourists and 5) establish the Seoul Tourism Promotion Foundation.First, Seoul is leading the boom of the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics, a huge global event. The host city of Olympic game is Pyeongchang, but the SMG plans to attract tourists visiting Pyeongchang to Seoul by promoting the attractions of Seoul.Starting from the opening ceremony of the G-1 countdown clock tower at the Pyeongchang Winter Olympic Games held on February 8th, 2017 in Seoul Square, a mini-venue will be installed and winter sports events and related Korean Wave concerts will be promoted. The city also plans to launch a special tourist pass (3-day pass, 5-day pass) in October 2017, linking major tourist facilities in Seoul and Pyeongchang, including the National Palace, the N Seoul tower, the Pyeongchang Sheep Ranch and the Olympic Games. During the Winter Olympics, there will also be a 20% discount event for sightseeing pass (currently so called Discover Seoul Pass), which allows visitors to Seoul to visit 16 major tourist facilities in Seoul.Second, the SMG will carry out various tourism marketing activities for major overseas strategic markets and emerging markets. To this end, it will invest a total of 16.2 billion won in overseas tourism marketing including on-line and off-line marketing.As for Chinese tourists, which account for 46.8% of the tourists visiting Seoul, Seoul will concentrate its promotion on Chinese individual tourists called Sanker (59.1% of all Chinese tourists). Seoul will increase the proportion of tourism marketing targeting Chinese individual tourists. In addition, in cooperation with the Japanese travel associations and large travel agencies, Seoul will develop travel products for visiting new tourist attractions such as Seoullo 7017 and Seoul City Wall in order to continuously attract Japanese tourists with high revisitation rate and plans to promote Fam Tour products linking Seoul and Pyeongchang. In addition, Seoul will expand the scope of tourism marketing activities to the Middle East, Europe, and America in order to improve the market structure concentrated in China and Japan.Third, Seoul International Fair & Sustainable Tourism Forum was held jointly with UNWTO in September 2016 . As the residential areas become tourist attractions, the city will prevent the Touristification (tourism plus gentrification) phenomenon where local residents suffer damage and are forced to leave to other regions, and plans to create a model of fair tourism in Seoul by creating a virtuous circle structure in which the profits from the increase of tourists return to the residents.In addition, the city will lay the foundation for 20 million-tourist cities. Also, the Seoul Tourism Promotion Foundation will be launched. Further, it will strengthen policy efforts such as providing barrier-free tourist information and developing tourism products in order to guarantee the universal right to enjoy tourism experiences for people with less opportunity to have such experiences, like people with disabilities.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will contribute a record-high 1 trillion won, the largest amount ever contributed by a municipal government of Seoul, with the goal of creating more than 320,000 jobs.In order to address job-related problems threatening citizens livelihood, such as the youth unemployment rate soaring to 10.3% and the number of unemployed youths exceeding 100,000, the Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the 2017 Seoul Comprehensive Job Plan on Jan. 18th (Wed.). The Plan contains blueprints for expanding jobs specialized by sector as well as resolving the pervasive issue of youth unemployment.Creation of a total of 323,116 jobs, an increase of 40,000 jobs compared to last yearThis year, Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide 124,000 direct jobs and 199,000 indirect support jobs, a total of 323,116 jobs. The city will concentrate its efforts on creating and providing urban jobs, allocating a budget of approximately one trillion won. Direct Jobs refers to jobs in which the employee is directly employed by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and its related investment agencies, such as New Deal jobs, public employment, assistants for people with disabilities, and others. Indirectly Supported Jobs refers to jobs that are indirectly supported by the SMG through employment subsidies, entrepreneurship support, vocational training, job placement, and other supportive measures.  Current State of Job Provision by SectorYouth Employment Plus Center for Providing Comprehensive Youth Employment Services to open in February, 2017In addition, the Youth Employment Plus Center, a facility providing a comprehensive and systematic solution for youth unemployment, will be opened in the center of the city in February.The Youth Employment Plus Center is a control tower that provides comprehensive services related to youth employment and supervises youth employment support organizations, such as Job Cafs, all over Seoul. It serves as a hub for solving youth unemployment issues by managing youth employment support organizations throughout the city, providing comprehensive job information, nurturing professional counselors, offering close employment consultation, operating specialized programs, and providing free rental study rooms. The Youth Employment Plus Center occupies 1,109 (335 pyeong) on the 1st floor of the Seoul Regional Ministry of Employment and Labor building in Janggyo-dong, Jung-gu and is open until 10 pm, 365 days a year.Expansion of Services Including Job Cafs and Free Suit Rental Services for the YouthIn addition, employment support services, which potentially have a direct impact on young people, are being greatly expanded. First, the Seouls Job Caf will be expanded to 100 locations this year, which is an expansion of the current 41 locations established after the implementation of the first center in May of last year. The Seouls Job Caf will introduce a membership management system and provide close management services covering Employment Diagnosis  Strengthening Abilities Matching Support  Employment. The Job Wing Service, which provides free rental services of suits for interviews, will be expanded the number of available service target from 4,000 people last year to 10,000 people this year, and the available age will be extended from 18 years old to a youth in their graduating year of high school.For more details regarding jobs provided by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and more employment-related information, please contact the Seoul Job Portal (job.seoul.go.kr), the Seoul Jobs Plus Center (1588-9142), and the Youth Employment Plus Center (02-731-9511). The information also can be searched at kiosks in Job cafes.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will implement the Special Traffic Measures for the Lunar New Year holiday so that citizens can safely and comfortably travel to their hometowns for the Lunar New Year holiday, which is a national holiday. Seoul will expand the operation of public transportation and distribute traffic volume through the urban highway traffic forecasting service. In addition, the city will make every effort to improve communication and safety management in the city.First of all, Seoul decided to extend the subway and bus operation time by 2 hours from Saturday night, January 28th to Sunday 2am, January 29th, 2017, during which the highest numbers of passengers use the transportation, reflecting the traffic patterns shown during the Lunar New Year holidays for the last three years.The operation of subway lines No.1 to 9 are being extended until 2am (from existing 12am to 2am) based on the arrival to the terminal station, so passengers should check the operation time in advance because the schedule for the last train would be different according to the station and the destination. The city bus operation will be also extended to 2am. A total of 133 bus services passing by five train stations, including Seoul Station, Yongsan Station, Yeongdeungpo Station, Cheongnyangni Station and Suseo Station where SRT is open, as well as four bus terminals, including Seoul Express Bus Terminal, Dongseoul Bus Terminal, Nambu Bus Terminal and Sangbong Bus Terminal, will extend their operation. In addition, 70 buses for nine lines of owl buses and 2,400 taxis for late-night transportation will operate throughout the holiday season.In addition, Seoul has begun special inspection of public transportation facilities to ensure safe operation from January 11th, 2017. During the holiday season, special safety management for areas vulnerable to traffic accidents and traffic and drinking controls at major points in the city center will be implemented as well.For information on the special traffic measures during the Lunar New Year holidays, such as the times for last services of public transportation, visit Seoul Transport Operation and Information Service (http://topis.seoul.go.kr). Express Bus Terminal Station (Line 3)
After the project during 2014~2016 by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education to improve the state of 440 restrooms across elementary, middle and high schools, which had poor standards of cleanliness, the student satisfaction regarding the school restrooms reached 97%, which is remarkably high. It means the satisfaction regarding what used to be the most unpleasant and unsatisfying space, the school restrooms, changed drastically among more than six of ten students.The School Restroom Improvement Project is conducted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education. By 2017, a total of 106.2 billion KRW will be put into the project by the two organizations along with several autonomous districts and private companies. In particular, after installing teeth brushing sinks where many students can brush their teeth at once in 101 schools last year for the first time, the rate of teeth brushing, which was almost the lowest in the nation, nearly doubled (36.6% to 60.1%) compared to the previous year. Based on this accomplishment, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to complete the first step of the three-year project to ensure all students sound rights for learning by thoroughly improving dirty and inconvenient school restrooms by 2020. It plans to focus on the improvement of restrooms aiming to accomplish the Zero inconvenient school restrooms in 2017. First of all, it will make 245 schools across elementary, middle and high schools whose portion of western toilets is less than 60% equip western-style toilets, meaning the portion of western-style toilets will reach over 80%. It aims to remove the inconvenience caused by oriental style toilets, which is because many students are much more accustomed to using western-style toilets than oriental ones.The Seoul Metropolitan Government also plans to improve the 82 school restrooms where over 15 students have to use a toilet on average so that the students there will not need to wait to use their school toilets. The data from the Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education in 2010 says the proper student number per toilet should be 11. However, as many as 39 students have to use a toilet in some schools, which is really serious. In addition, based on the results of complete enumeration survey until late February about how many schools have more students than toilets, a customized improvement plan will be conducted. Specifically, after installing teeth brushing sinks where many students can brush their teeth at once in 101 schools last year for the first time, the rate of teeth brushing, which was almost the lowest in the nation, nearly doubled (36.6% to 60.1%) compared to that of the previous year. In contrast, the rate of students who dont brush their teeth drastically decreased from 63.4% to 39.9%. The Seoul Metropolitan Government planned to improve the restrooms of 675 schools, a half of the 1,300 elementary, middle and high schools in Seoul, during the first step of the school restroom improvement project (from 2015 to 2017, and the pilot project which occurred in 2014). However, it increased the target number of schools and will complete the improvement of 800 schools restrooms. Through the second step of the project from 2018 to 2020, it plans to investigate the demands for restrooms from students and parents, and to collect opinions from the related agencies, therefore it will completely improve all the old and unclean school restrooms in Seoul. School authorities reported that school violence decreased and user satisfaction increased throughout the previous three-year school restroom improvement project with the start of the pilot project in 2014. 
ISEOULU Friends is a group that promotes the ISEOULU brand, which was created by Seoul citizens. They devise and execute ideas for various projects for the city of Seoul, which should be relevant, relatable and beneficial to its citizens. Just like last year, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is again recruiting ISEOULU Friends and encourage everyone interested to participate.
At night, a two meter-height parenthesis shaped lights shine at both ends of the crosswalk on the Bicycle Path of Banpo IC, Hangang Park. When pedestrians cross the street at a crosswalk and suddenly a bike approaches, the light automatically turns on and makes an alarming sound to ensure the security of the pedestrians. The Comma light, shaped like a comma and installed 50 meters and 20 meters before a crosswalk, also flickers when pedestrians cross the street at a crosswalk and warns bikes to reduce their speed in advance. Through the public project, Design Governance, by which citizens discover social problems for themselves and solve the problem through design, the Seoul Metropolitan Government could obtain decent design results related to the five areas of welfare, economy, security, environment & sanitation as well as health. As many as eighty citizens and ten experts participated in it.The specific projects of the five areas are as follows:
 Health area: service design to prevent second-hand smokingThe Seoul Metropolitan Government has always and will continuously collect citizens suggestions through its website, and this year it plans to select themes and conduct related projects on three occasions.
Since the announcement of the Basic Plan for Transforming Seouls Modern Legacy into Future Heritage in June 2012, 372 Future Heritages have been selected throughout Seoul, and 54 have been confirmed as Seoul Future Heritage of 2016 this year.The selections of this year include Seoul Jangsoo Makgeolli, which has been producing makgeolli since 1962 and has become the leading makgeolli brand, and Seoul native food of Seolleongtang for the first time. In order to select the contemporary novel, modern poetry, and the movie categories set against the background from the Japanese colonial period to the 1970s as Future Heritages, the city collected experts opinions of the related areas before the committee was held.Any citizen can recommend Future Heritages through the Seoul Future Heritage website (http://futureheritage.seoul.go.kr), and can use 9,000 materials related to heritage in the archives.The Seoul Future Heritage Certificate will be issued to those selected as Seoul Future Heritages. If an owner agrees, a sign in the form of a copper plate will be attached to it to inform visitors that it is a Seoul Future Heritage in order to raise the self-esteem of the owner. The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to discover Future Heritages continuously in the coming years. In addition, the city aims to utilize the designated heritages to create a cultural space linked with the history, culture and life of the region. 
Seoul created The Adventure Playground at the entrance of Choansan Mountain in Chang-dong, Dobong-gu. Adventure playgrounds are known as Adventure Parks and Play Parks in Europe and Japan, which are nature-friendly playgrounds that have been widely spread abroad.The adventure playground is a new concept playground as the original aspect and the direction it pursues is different from existing playgrounds. First of all, unlike regular playgrounds, adventure playground is constantly changing, which can help stimulate childrens emotions and curiosity and improve independence and creativity. In addition, they can touch various natural objects, create playground equipment by themselves, and develop emotional stability, creativity and cooperation through the process of sweating and playing with their peers. Chang-dong Adventure Playground is located on the high and low slopes of Choansan Mountain, which is well preserved with forests, and is composed of a Leader House, Adventure Space, Activity Space and Story Space. The Seoul Metropolitan Government minimized the facilities, made the best use of natural materials, and tried to improve creativity by applying games that stimulate childrens spirit of adventure.The Adventure Playground was constructed as a part of the Creative Children Playground Rebuilding Project that transforms old and unoriginal playgrounds into creative spaces. Above all, the residents council was formed at the beginning of the project, and the project was carried out in cooperation with the residents from the design stage to the completion. Chang-dong Adventure Playground is scheduled to open in March 2017. The target groups are toddler, children and elementary school students. The operating hours are from 9 am to 6 pm, and the park is open 365 days a year, regardless of the season.Inquiries: Dobong-gu Office Parks and Landscape Division (2091-3756)
Citizens often ask, Where are the walkways with the best views? or, Where are some paths along beautiful forests? To answer these questions, Seoul has selected 40 themed walking trails in Seoul and has published Seoul, Themed Walking Trails II. As part of the Walkable City, Seoul Project, a total of 80 themed walking trails were selected by the end of 2016.The 40 themed walking trails are divided into Walking Trails through Forests (28 trails), Walking Trails through Valleys (2 trails), and Walking Trails with Beautiful Views (5 trails).Among the Walking Trails through Forests, the Daemosan Mountain Forest Trail is a forest walkway where the colorful city scenery and nature are in harmony. This walking trail is popular with walkers because people can feel like they are watching the city in the forest. Among the Walking Trails through Valleys, at Cheonggyesan Mountain Wonteogol Trail in Seocho-gu, clean water flows all year-round. Visitors can stroll through the soft soil, and there is a pine tree forest on the way, so visitors can smell the unique fragrance of nut pine.Noeul Park Noeul-gil Trail of Mapo-gu, one of the Walking Trails with Beautiful Views, is a park where visitors can see the most beautiful sunset in Seoul. Here, walkers can relax on chairs, in pavilions, and camp with family and friends.Manguri sait-gil Trail, one of the Walking Trails with History and Culture, allows visitors to feel the wonderful intersection of the past and the present through monuments of the unknown people as well as the famous people who died during Koreas Enlightenment Period, the Japanese Colonial Period, and the Korean War.Seoul, Themed Walking Trails II will be sold at 3,000 won per book at the Seoul Bookstore located on Floor B1 of Seoul City Hall at the end of January, 2017. It is also available as a free download at http://ebook.seoul.go.kr.
From January 28th to 29th, 2017, Seoul will hold an event at the Namsan Hanok Village to celebrate Seollal, the first day of the Korean lunar calendar which is Jan 28 this year. The Odaegam Seollal Feast will be held at Namsan Hanok Villages five houses of Yangban, the traditional ruling class of dynastic Korea, featuring a variety of programs including folk games, traditional performances, and handcraft experiences that have been held on New Years Day in the past.This event will recreate traditional seasonal customs in order to help citizens relive the meaning and customs of Seollal and experience the traditions, for example through the explanation of ancestral memorial rites. In addition, various experiential events will be held to share the excitement of the holiday. Visitors can experience traditional crafts, bow making, and Hanji crafts that cannot easily be seen in everyday life.Visitors who have stamps on the event leaflets provided at the general information center can receive the New Year calendar of 2017 produced by Namsan Hanok Village. Various items are also prepared for the prize of the armchairs contest. Period: From Saturday January 28th to Sunday January 29th (two days in total)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the event of Together! 4th Anniversary Party of Seoul Citizens Hall to celebrate the anniversary. Since its opening, 7.3 million people have visited the Seoul Citizens Hall.Over the past four years, various citizen activities have been held at the Seoul Citizens Hall. It hosted 23 citizen participation programs for 5,033 occasions in total 140 couples married at Seoul Citizens Hall Wedding and public spaces were rented 3,156 times. In addition, the Seoul Citizens Hall served as a venue for communication with citizens. A total of 6,393 citizens voiced their opinions at the Seoul Speakers Corner. Among the suggestions made by citizens at the Seoul Speakers Corner, 210 suggestions related to the city administration (measures to reduce smell in elementary school toilets and ease conditions for funding young entrepreneurs, along with many others) were reflected in city policies. A total of 61 Policy Hearing Debate Forums were held to hear and reflect opinions of experts and citizens. A total of 1,251 citizens opinions proposed at the debate session were realized as city policies, such as the permanent operation of the Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market and the expansion of small weddings held at public institutions.The Seoul Citizens Hall has evolved with citizens over the past four years and there are plans to open a second Seoul Citizens Hall in late 2017 to respond to the positive response from citizens. Events
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) is strengthening its response against Avian Influenza (AI) for the early termination of AI and to promote civil safety. The SMG has reported that Seoul Zoo in Seoul Grand Park, which has been temporarily closed since Dec. 17th due to the outbreak of the highly pathogenic AI, has been managed without any further outbreaks of positive cases for more than 10 days. The highly pathogenic AI cases were only found at the Stork Village of Seoul Zoo in the beginning. As of January 4, all feces and mucosal samples from birds have been tested and found to be negative.Seoul Grand Park has set up a double barrier and a sterilizer dedicated for people who enter at Stork Village, where the AI case was detected, in order to block the spread of the disease to other birds by sterilizing the area three times per day. staff also stay and work at the zoo for one-week intervals. In addition, support personnel have been dispatched, including retired zookeepers, dieticians, curators, and taxidermists. Seoul is making all efforts to prevent and block the spread of AI.The city has classified 29 zookeepers and veterinarians who have been in contact with infected birds as a high-risk group. They have been given Tamiflu, and are under active surveillance. In addition, the staff has been wearing protective clothing (Level D) when entering or exiting the place for infected birds and the SMG has conducted training on removing and wearing protective clothing three times for all employees of the zoo.As a result of examining the situation of Seoul Grand Park through the mobilization of the experts in the prevention of epidemics and officials of epidemic prevention institutions, Seoul has concluded that there is no additional contagion outside the Stork Village and that the situation has entered a manageable stabilization phase. Monitoring will continue until the risk of further outbreak is completely eliminated.The Seoul Metropolitan Government has set up specific countermeasures. If a suspicious AI patient is found, an epidemiologist will check for fever and respiratory symptoms, classify suspect cases, transfer the patient to a state-designated negative pressure isolation ward if necessary, and carry out AI tests.In addition, Seoul will use reserve funds to purchase all chickens and ducks raised for self-consumption in order to prevent potential AI outbreaks. Purchased chickens and ducks will be used as food materials in social welfare facilities or cafeterias at autonomous district offices.For small-scale self-employed businesses, such as a local bakeries struggling with the price hike of eggs due to the lowered supply, a management fund of less than 50 million won at the beneficial rate of 2% per annum is provided for each business. Park Won-soon, Mayor of Seoul, said, Although the number of AI cases is decreasing somewhat nationwide, we cannot be relieved yet. Seoul is therefore disinfecting and inspecting branches of the Hangang River such as the Jungnangcheon Stream as well as the Hangang River, a habitat of birds, several times per day. He continued, Citizens should also refrain from visiting wild bird habitats for the time being, avoid contact with poultry as much as possible, thoroughly wash their hands after going out, and be diligent with their personal hygiene etiquette, such as ensuring there is no spread of bacteria when coughing.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will spend 194.1 billion won through the Seoul Metropolitan Council and 25 autonomous districts to push forward the Ten Welfare and Safety Measures.First, Seoul will provide 12,000 emergency livelihood public jobs, including public employment, new-deal jobs, and college student part-time jobs. These jobs will primarily be given to low-income citizens who are expected to suffer the greatest damage during the recession from January to February 2017. By February 2017, a total of 5,613 people will be provided with public work jobs, and the start of the project will be put forward from February to January, thus resolving economic difficulties of low-income families.Second, Seoul will provide 2% of its emergency fund for the small-scale self-employed, twice the amount of last year, totaling 60 billion won. Long-term loans with low interest rates will also be provided for small-scale business owners, whose sales have been suddenly reduced due to management problems such as rising rents.Third, Seoul will support the credit recovery of 1,000 young people, including new employees or college graduates, who are at risk of becoming credit defaulters. The city will provide a total of 433 million won to create the exit of the Youth Credit Defaulter problem, which is complicated by the highest youth unemployment rate in history.Fourth, in order to revitalize traditional markets, which are experiencing difficulties due to the recession and contractions in consumer sentiment, the massive discount event Finding Traditional Market will be held from February 6th to 10th, 2017. Seoul will hold discount events and other events at all traditional markets (estimated to be around 150) wanting to participate out of the total 352 markets when consumption declines shortly after Lunar New Year holidays.Fifth, during the winter season and the year-end and New Year holidays, 100 day measures will be implemented to eradicate illegal violations of the peoples livelihood against 1,800 places, including illegal lenders, from the end of December 2016 to the end of March 2017.Sixth, in order to revitalize the local economy and the welfare economy, the Seoul Metropolitan Government and autonomous districts will implement an early total budget of 7.2 trillion won  6.3 trillion won by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and 900 billion won by the autonomous districts  by March 2017. This is the first time that the city and autonomous districts have jointly promoted early enforcement of the budget on a massive scale, and the early enforcement will be concentrated on budgets directly linked to the citizens lives, including programs such as jobs, welfare, safety, and SOC investment projects.Seventh, in line with Visiting Community Service Center program, Seoul will urgently invest 8 billion won and search for and support approximately 10,000 low-income households, which are expected to have difficulties due to unemployment and business shut-downs during the economic downturn.Eighth, Seoul plans to support 40,000 energy poor families by supporting heating materials such as thermal insulation sheets, heating tents, and thermal underwear so that citizens can stay warm during the winter. Ninth, Seoul will complete the One Fire Extinguisher per Store program by January 2017, with 611,120 stores in 352 traditional markets. The program will prevent accidents by installing fire extinguishers at all stores in case fire extinguishers are not installed or installed fire extinguishers are not working properly.Finally, in order to prevent disasters such as accidents and fires of various facilities, Seoul, together with autonomous districts and outside experts, will carry out intensive safety checks in January 2017. They will inspect a total of 1,351 disaster vulnerable facilities, such as multi-use facilities and construction sites which are expected to collapse in the near future.
A delegation of Big Data experts from the Ministry of Modernization of Buenos Aires visited Seoul to find a solution to revitalize small businesses in Buenos Aires. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will share their excellent policies using Big Data and conduct policy consulting for Big Data experts who visited Seoul from the Argentine capital Buenos Aires for two weeks from January 9th to 20th.The Data & Statistics Division of the Seoul Metropolitan Government operates Downtown Market Analysis Service based on the analysis of 200 billion pieces of Big Data provided by the private sector. Seoul designated a total of 1,008 small-sized commercial areas, such as back streets that dont have large-scale distribution facilities, as Seoul-type Alley Commercial Areas. In addition, it analyzes more than 200 billion pieces of Big Data from 43 businesses that are closely related to daily lives, such as Chinese restaurants and convenience stores.The City of Buenos Aires benchmarked the Downtown Market Analysis Service and seek cooperation with Seoul through technical consulting and capacity building for the development of this service and aims to introduce the project within the year. The commerce analysis system consulting will be led by the Seoul Metropolitan Government Policy Export Organization along with Open Mate, a company that developed the system, and the consulting education will be held at Big Data Campus, which was established last July by Seoul.The Seoul Metropolitan Government Policy Export Organization will introduce major IT-based city policies such as the Seoul Transport Operation & Information Service (TOPIS) and Bukchon IoT Demonstration Village to the delegation from Buenos Aires. Also, capacity enhancement programs related to Big Data such as interviews with private companies in the areas of Big Data and Smart City.Big Data Analysis Service, which is operated by The Data & Statistics Division of the Seoul Metropolitan Government, provides practical assistance to citizens in all areas of the city administration such as the transportation and medical fields in addition to the commercial analysis system. Seoul will expand policy exports through big data analysis to overseas cities. Lee Hoeseung, the officer of the International Cooperation Bureau of Seoul, said Seoul has exported its excellent policies to 35 cities in 24 countries by 2016 and will export excellent policies to Argentina on the opposite side of the globe. As Big Data is a globally recognized field and the potential for domestic companies to advance is big, we plan to expand policy exports through big data analysis through this opportunity. In addition, Seoul conducted a consultation on automated Metro ticket sales system and urban transportation infrastructure financing to Cairo and Colombia on November 14th, 2016, and a consultation on the modernization of railway system to Myanmar on November 30th, 2016.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government opened Urban SDG Knowledge Platform on December 1st, 2016 in cooperation with UNESCAP and CityNet. The Urban SDG Knowledge Platform is an intercity collaboration platform that seeks solutions to urban problems in the Asia-Pacific region to achieve Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs, 2016 ~ 2030) adopted at the International Forum on Urban Policy for Sustainable Development Goals held in Seoul City Hall in June 2016 with the participation of the three organizations and UN Sustainable Development Summit.The platform will serve as a forum for sharing policies and communication to address urban problems. Through sharing policies, it is expected that cities around the world will contribute to reducing economic losses by reducing budgets, shortening the implementation period, and reducing trial and error.Through the Urban SDG Knowledge Platform, cities around the world will introduce their philosophy, concept, and concrete urban policies and goals regarding the 17 Sustainable Development Goals (SDG) and share their know-how including budget, manpower, stakeholders, implementation period, obstacles and adaptation plans. In addition, they will be able to share various contents such as videos and images, exchange opinions on policies, and provide contacts for communication and cooperation between cities.In addition, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will participate in the Workshop on Implementation of the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development in Asian and Pacific Cities held at UNESCAP Headquarters (Bangkok) during the SDG Week for the successful operation and continuation of the platform. It will introduce online platforms for foreign cities, international organizations and international NGOs, and will request active cooperation from overseas cities.The United Nations and other international organizations as well as the Seoul Metropolitan Government have been sharing city policies such as traffic, environment and urban planning with foreign cities, but this is the first time to open an online platform on urban policy to achieve and implement sustainable development goals.An officer of the International Cooperation Bureau of Seoul said, Through the establishment of this online platform, Seoul will respond promptly to the global efforts to achieve sustainable development and prepare a venue for international organizations and overseas cities to solve urban problems. Seoul will become the central city for urban problem solving. As the role of city government becomes more important in the future, we expect many cities to participate in the online platform, seek city cooperation centered on specific city problems, share know-how and communicate between cities.
Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) is now operating the 2017 Seoul Policy Experience Internship Program for 15 foreign public officials who are from Indonesia, Mongolia, Poland, Jordan, China, Thailand, Myanmar, Rwanda, Laos and Nepal, attending the Master of Urban Administration and Planning (MUAP) course of International School of Urban Sciences, University of Seoul, from Monday, January 9th to Thursday, January 26th, 2017.Supporting foreign public officials from developing countries to study for masters degree in urban administration and planning in University of Seoul is one of the Seouls Official Development Assistance (ODA) project.  Among 9 projects for ODA run by SMG, this project is significant in terms of diversity of participants background and scale of budget.  Since 2008, 168 public officials from 42 cities of 32 developing countries have taken classes of the MUAP course.
During the internship period, SMG will introduce history of Seoul and its key policies.  Participants will learn about Seouls experience for effective development and urban problems at Seoul City Hall, Seoul Institute, Seoul Global Center, Seoul Urban Solutions Agency and CityNet.  They will also have chances to visit major facilities, like Seoul Bus Transfer Center, Mapo Resource Recovery Facility and Cheonggyecheon Museum.One of the participants, Bijay Keshar Khanal from Kathmandu, Nepal said, I am very pleased to join the internship program in such a good organization, like Seoul Metropolitan Government.SMG wants all the participants can say to themselves at the completion ceremony, Working as an intern in SMG was a right choice.  It was totally worth it.Currently, the Job Cafs are for Seoul citizens only, and foreigners in Seoul looking for jobs can get help from Seoul Global Center (global.seoul.go.kr)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is holding the DDP Exhibition Ticket Discount Event, offering affordable prices for the winter vacation until March 15th, 2017. The event will include large-scale exhibitions held at DDP, such as the LOOK Smithsonian Photo Exhibition, the Fornasetti Practical Madness, and The Encounter between Kansong and Paik Nam June.Tickets for LOOK Smithsonian Photo Exhibition (12,000 won for adults) and the Fornasetti Practical Madness (15,000 won for adults) are available at a cost of 20,000 won for both. For visitors who have seen The Encounter between Kansong and Paik Nam June (8,000 won for adults), LOOK Smithsonian Photo Exhibition (12,000 won for adults) ticket price is reduced by 2,000 won.Ticket purchases are available at the ticket booth for LOOK Smithsonian Photo Exhibition and the Fornasetti Practical Madness. Details of the discount event can be found on the DDP website (www.ddp.or.kr).The LOOK Smithsonian Photo Exhibition is an exhibition displaying more than 140 award-winning photographs hosted by the Smithsonian Museum in Washington, DC, USA. The exhibition is the first overseas exhibition of the Smithsonian, and features photos that capture wonderful and fascinating moments.Fornasetti Practical Madness introduces approximately 1,300 works of Italian decorative artist Piero Fornacetti, who has worked as a painter, sculptor, print artist, designer, collector, and stylist.The Encounter between Kansong and Paik Nam June is an exhibition that shows how two great masters representing Korean culture, Jeon Hyeong Pil and Paik Nam June, have changed the world through their art and culture. The exhibition invites the viewer to find meaningful connections between traditional and contemporary art.
The size of foreign direct investment (FDI) reported by the Seoul Metropolitan Government was $ 9,558 million (as of December 16th, 2016). This is a 12.1% increase from the record high of $ 8,529 million in 2015, accounting for 44.9% of the national FDI declaration ($ 21.3 billion).Trends in Foreign Direct Investment in Seoul by Year (based on the reported amount, million USD)The main reason for the increase of foreign direct investment is attributed to the increase of greenfield investment, which is the method of securing the companys own site and establishing factories and business sites for foreign investment from Europe. Greenfield investment is considered to be more effective than M&A type in creating jobs and transferring new technologies and management techniques to the domestic market.In particular, investment in promising start-ups in Seoul has increased significantly, and greenfield investment, which was only $ 3 billion in 2012, grew to $ 5.5 billion in 2016 (accounting for 57.3% of the total).By region, investment from Europe was $ 4.3 billion, an increase of 161% over the previous years $ 1.65 billion. This is attributable to the continued improvement in investment conditions since the implementation of the Korea  EU FTA in 2011.In 2017, Seoul will focus on attracting investments that are centered on start-ups related to the fourth industrial revolution. Seoul will also operate industrial sectors and investment attraction methods in a more sophisticated way, including a small target round table and one on one matching investment IR (Investor Relation).Invest Seoul Website: http://investseoul.com
As of December 31st, Job Cafes operated across Seoul have assisted a total of 8,721 job seekers. This is after just 7 months since the very first Job Caf opened near Hongik University Station in Seoul last May 30, 2016.Job Cafes can be found in Jongno, Sinchon and other areas in Seoul that are near universities or are frequented by the youth, especially those that are preparing to find a job. They provide various job-related information and comprehensive employment support programs such as job counseling, career consultations, and even offer study room rentals.Currently, Job Cafs offer Employment Consultations which advise job seekers how to prepare to land a job in general, and Employment Clinics which provide information on essentials such as job application forms, interviews and image consulting. They also provide employment support services that can provide practical assistance to young people, including Career and Job Counseling, Resume  Cover Letter Clinic, Special Lectures on Finding a Job, Mock Interviews and others.Seoul has opened 41 cafes as of the end of 2016 and plans to add an additional 50 this year.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will reduce the fare of the airport limousine bus to Incheon International Airport by 1,000 won starting in January 2017 for the first time since the opening of Incheon International Airport in 2001. In addition, Seoul expanded the family discount system to all airport bus routes to Incheon International Airport.The fare cuts will be applied to 17 routes excluding the five routes operated by KAL Limousine, some of the luxury airport limousine buses to Incheon International Airport. The fare for transportation cards and ticket users will be reduced by 1,000 won.In addition, the family discount system, in which one person can use the airport limousine bus free of charge when three or more direct family members who are accompanying minors use the transportation, will also be expanded. The airport bus fare reduction and the extension of the discount system will be applied starting on January 20th, 2017, after going through procedures for reporting of the airport bus fare changes. The current status of luxury airport limousine buses to Incheon International Airport(Unit: won) Family discount system applies to all 36 routes including regular airport buses Family Discount Application Example
Seoul Metropolitan City will ring the Bosingak Bell with the citizens on Saturday, December 31st, 2016 at midnight. The city will select 11 people as representatives for citizens to participate in this years Bell-Ringing Ceremony, who gave hope and courage to the citizens in each field of society in 2016, and they will ring the Bosingak Bell in Jongno for the Watch-Night Bell Ceremony 33 times.Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to set up a special stage of Bosingak to perform a variety of programs which citizens who come to see the Bell-Ringing Ceremony can enjoy, such as celebration performances before and after the bell ringing and New Years greetings from the Mayor of Seoul. Seoul will extend the operation of subways and buses so that citizens who go home late at night after the Bell-Ringing Ceremony can use public transportation conveniently. Subway operation will be extended to 2:00am (based on the terminal station), two hours later than usual, and the subway services will increase by 153 times. The time of the last trains are different for each destination, so make sure to confirm the departure time for the last train in advance by using the notices at subway stations.For more information about the Bell-Ringing Ceremony, please visit the Korean website of the Seoul Metropolitan Government (www.seoul.go.kr), and call Dasan Call Center (120), the History & Cultural Heritage Division (82-2-2133-2613), or the Transportation Policy Division (82-2-2133-2221). For information regarding traffic control related to the event and public transportation, visit Seouls traffic information website (http://topis.seoul.go.kr) and the mobile application (http://m.topis.go.kr).
 Bound for Uijeongbu 11:43pm, Bound for Kwangwoon Univ. 12:55am, Bound for Dongmyo Station 01:52am  City Hall Station (Line 1)  Bound for Seodongtan 11:03pm, Bound for Byeongjeom 11:18pm, Bound for Incheon 11:24pm, Bound for Guro 12:54am, Bound for Seoul Station 02:03am
Seoul City selected 21 famous spots for viewing the first sunrise of the year. Various sunrise events will take place on January 1st, 2017, in each autonomous district, at sunrise time. According to the Korea Astronomy and Space Science Institute, the scheduled time for Seoul sunrise on January 1st, 2017 is 7:47 am.Sunrise in the City CenterFirst, Namsan Mountain and Inwangsan Mountain are good places to enjoy sunrise in downtown Seoul. Namsan Palgakjeong Pavillion is a tourist attraction where many foreign tourists visit, and choir performances and the event of writing wishes will be held. At Cheongun Park in Inwangsan Mountain, the event will start with a performance by a Pungmul band, followed by the event of writing family motto and writing and hanging of wishes.Sunrise near the City CenterThere are six places for sunrise events near the city center: Seongdong-gu Eungbongsan Mountain (Palgakjeong Pavillion), Dongdaemun-gu Baebongsan Mountain (Observatory and Outdoor Stage), Seongbuk-gu Gaeunsan Mountain (Playground), Seodaemun-gu Ansan Mountain (Beacon Mound), Yangcheon-gu Yongwangsan Mountain, and Gangseo-gu Gaehwasan Mountain (Summit).Palgakjeong Pavillion of Eungbongsan Mountain is a good place to view the sunrise, with a panoramic view of the eastern part of Seoul including the Hangang River, Seoul Forest and Jamsil Stadium. This year, a variety of events will be held to celebrate the New Year, such as Pungmul, poetry reciting for New Years hope, and writing postcards of hope.Gangseo-gu Gaehwasan Mountain created the Sunrise Park near the heliport at the summit three years ago, which is popular as a sunrise spot where you can see the Hangang River and Bukhansan Mountain. Various events will be held here such as large drum performances, Samulnori and others. Sunrise from Outside SeoulFor the citizens who start their New Year with hiking, there will be sunrise events in eleven places, including Achasan Mountain (Sunrise Square), Maebongsan Mountain, Umyeonsan Mountain (Somangtap) and Daemosan Mountain (Nature Park and the Summit).Sunrise Square of Achasan Mountain is located east of Seoul overlooking the Hangang River and is the place in Seoul where you can see the sunrise first. It is a sunrise spot where about 40,000 people visit every year.Sunrise in the ParkThe sunrise ceremony is also held in the large park as well as mountains for the New Year. At the Haneul Park Summit of Mapo-gu World Cup Park, programs such as Samulnori and large drum performances will be held. 21 Famous Places to Watch the New Year Sunrise in Seoul (Korean) : http://www.seoul.go.kr/story/sunrise/
As part of the Walking City, Seoul project, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has launched the Road Diet Campaign in daily life from the beginning of this year to create a comfortable and safe walking space on a 6,892m street.The Road Diet project is the first project to be implemented this year, which means reducing vehicle space and converting it into a pedestrian-oriented road space.The city built a collaborative system with the autonomous regions earlier this year in order to proactively promote the road diet project and improve the citizens feeling, found 20 places in 19 autonomous districts, and conducted the project of Road Diet in daily life.Based on the opinion of the autonomous district and the opinions of the local residents, Seoul reviewed the project costs and feasibility of each branch and provided a total budget of 8.13 billion won. Basically, it focused on creating a safe walking environment in situations where safety is threatened, for example, when pedestrians had to walk on the car road because there is no pedestrian road or the road is too narrow, through the installation of crossroads and CCTV cameras for pedestrian safety, based on the reduction of the car road and establishment of the pedestrian road.While carrying out the project, there were some differences in opinions with the local residents, but the city actively reflected the opinions of the local residents through various measures such as the residents briefing. Seventeen sites will complete the project this year as scheduled, and three sites (Jung-gu, Eunpyeong-gu and Seongbuk-gu) which didnt will complete the project in the first half of 2017.On the 220m sections of Noksapyeong-daero 26-gil, Yongsan-gu, the pedestrian road was expanded (1.53.2  4.0m) and the car road was reduced (10.8  11.3m7.0m). The speed limit will be drastically reduced from 60 km/h to 30 km/h for safety. It is expected the demand for Itaewon tourism will increase by creating the antique furniture street.On Nowon-ro 1ga-gil, Gongneung-dong, Nowon-gu, the sidewalk width of the 130m section of Taereung Elementary School has expanded from 2.5 to 3.7m. This was done to improve the safety of school students and to make pedestrians comfortable by providing green space and rest facilities.In the early stage of the Road Diet in Daily Life project, there were many concerns and opposition citing the lack of parking space and the increase in traffic jam. However, the residents satisfaction of the walking environment increased, which has improved after the project.Inquiry: Pedestrian Policy Department 82-2-2133-2417
Subway lines 5 to 8 started the Happy Spot service, which is a portable charger rental service on December 26th, 2016. It is a service that lends portable chargers free of charge through an unmanned rental system at subway stations.If you need to charge your mobile phone, you can install the Happy Spot mobile application. After registering, you can borrow spare batteries from 157 unmanned rental devices installed at 152 stations on lines 5 to 8. After using it, return it to the desired station. You can use it for free for up to 3 hours, and if the time is exceeded, fees will be charged.
The application allows you to check the remaining free time, past usage history, and others, and also provides the reservation service of charger rental, return and transfer service. The rental charger is compatible with iPhone and Android, and it is set automatically using the cell phone information registered at the time of membership registration.It is now available only on lines 5 to 8, but it will be expanded to other lines for citizens convenience. If you are on a different line, you can search for the nearest station by searching for the station and the location of the device where you can use the service using the application. 
"On Dec. 20th, the SMG announced the SMG Childcare Vision 2020 composed of 18 projects in five sectors with the aim of realizing public childcare service both in quality and quantity. The five sectors include:  improvement of childcare service in both quality and quantity,  fostering a carefree childcare atmosphere,  fostering a pleasant workplace atmosphere for nursing teachers,  provision of a customized childcare system, and  dissemination of childcare-friendly local culture and reinforcement of collation systems.	Increasing the Number of National/Public Childcare Centers to 2,154 by 2020The SMG is planning to increase the number of national/public centers to 2,154 by 2020. Raising the ratio of national/public childcare centers by up to 30% and raising the percentage of children taken care of at national/public childcare centers by up to 50% through the following: balanced allocation with local demand taken into account, turning well-performing private daycare centers into national/public ones, reduction of the expense for expansion/improvement through collaboration between public and private sector daycare centers. The number of those at the Seoul Childcare Service Support Center manpower pool, which is a public system for the management of qualified nursing teachers, will be increased to 2,600, i.e. three times the current level (716 as of 2015).  Adoption of the System of Daycare Center Safety Management Officers and Joint Accountants The SMG will take a step forward in fostering a carefree childcare atmosphere through the adoption of the system of daycare center safety management officers and joint accountants. The safety management officers, who have been qualified in the field of engineer industrial safety and facility safety for years, will be assigned the duty of conducting safety inspections of 1,615 daycare centers more than 20 years old and solving simple problems. The ten accountants, who will be hired in 2017, will perform a test operation and the number will be increased to 200 by 2020.  Reducing the Number of Children to be Taken Care of by Each Nursing Teacher to 8The nursing teacher-child ratio will be readjusted to a level similar to those of major countries (i.e. from present 12 to 8) (cf. 9.2 in Germany, 9.4 in Austria, and 5.8 in Sweden) by increasing the number of helping hands (from present 4,658 to 5,600 by 2020) by spending 148.7 billion won.  The nursing teacher ranking system will adopt the following method: ordinary teachers  senior teachers  vice director  director in an effort to improve the treatment of nursing teachers and enhance the quality of childcare. Sophistication of Childcare Support System (i.e. Daycare centers with longer-than-usual open hours, Daycare centers with parent-led participations, etc.)Focus will be made on the provision of support for working parents, multicultural households and households with disabled children.The number of daycare centers with longer-than-usual open hours will be increased from present 11 to 25 (in all autonomous districts) by 2018Integrated daycare centers for disabled children will be increased from present 334 to 360 (one in each dong). Integrated daycare centers for multicultural households will be increased from present 49 to 70 in 2020, with focus on areas where many migrant workers live.  Dissemination of Childcare-friendly Local Culture and Reinforcement of Collation SystemsThe Central Support Center for Childcare operated in each autonomous district of Seoul, which is the only city in the country with such a system, will start a system for entrusted operation of national/public childcare centers on a trial basis in an attempt to reinforce the public model of childcare. The number of such entrusted centers will be increased from 20 in 2017 to 100 by 2020. The number of neighborhood childcare chiefs will be increased from present 132 to 170 by 2019.The SMGs support for private daycare centers will also be strengthened in consideration of their importance in the overall childcare service system. This year, the SMG expanded the support for helping hands, which was provided only to national/public daycare centers until 2015, to private centers. The SMG also increased the financial support provided to parents using private daycare centers. The SMG also plans to provide financial incentives like facility repair expenses to centers setting an example in improvement of the treatment of nursing teachers and compensation."
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) and Seodaemun-gu jointly initiated a project to create a street specialized in fashion on Ewhayeodae 5-gil (street) in October 2016 in order to revive the stagnant alley economy. As a result of the project, 7 youth start-up stores are going to open through lease agreements for the vacant stores. SMG and the autonomous district selected 9 teams of budding young designers and supported their rental deposit, rental fee (one year) and the cost for exterior decoration in order to help them reduce initial cost burden of taking on a long-term of the vacant stores on the street which were pointed out as a problem.In addition, they designed and installed signboards that expressed the themes of the stores by identifying the characteristics of each store on Ewhayeodae 5-gil. In order to improve the alley environment, they also paved the road using a design that delivers the artistic sensibility of the floor covering materials used in European cities. To celebrate the rebirth of Ewhayeodae 5-gil as a fashion culture street through the newly designed alley landscape and the opening of the youth start-up stores, SMG and Seodaemun-gu will hold an alley festival until January 20th, 2017. While operating a Fashion Business Start-up Academy, they are going to create a joint-brand based website in 2017 to introduce the key features of the stores, the young entrepreneurs and general information about the shopping street in order to strengthen their marketing power and to further activate Ewha Fashion Culture Street. Photos of Design Road Pavement Construction
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the Seoul Citizens Cultural Rights Declaration, which consists of a total of 4 chapters and 17 articles on Seoul citizens rights and responsibilities of the city to the cultural rights. The Declaration begins saying that Citizens are the owners of culture and the subjects of rights. Article 1, Right to Enjoy Culture states that citizens should not be discriminated against based on their class, age, region, sex difference, race, religion, nationality and other factors when enjoying culture and arts.The 17 articles are as follows:  Right to enjoy culture, right to access culture, right to cultural education, the freedom of expression (Articles 1 to 4),  The cultural diversity of Seoul, cultural landscape, cultural resources (Articles 5 to 9)  Citizens obligations, obligations of Seoul City, and roundtables of cultural rights (Articles 14 ~ 17).In particular, the city has been organizing a Cultural Rights Declaration Working Group led by city officials, experts and local cultural activists for the past year instead of one-sided presentations to prepare the declaration through citizen discussions and proposals. In addition, Seouls Declaration includes the value and direction represented in international covenant on cultural rights such as The UNESCO Declaration on Cultural Diversity (2001) and The Charter on the Citys Cultural Rights and Duties (2002, Barcelona), as well as those of cities which declared cultural rights in advance. The Seoul Metropolitan Government held The Seoul Citizens Cultural Rights Declaration Ceremony with the participation of more than 100 people including Mayor Park Won-soon on December 20th, 2016. On this occasion, Mayor Park Won-soon promised five agendas that all declarations are not the end but a new decision and a new start. Ensure cultural rights
 Establish Seouls identity as a 2,000-year-old city.Mayor Park said, The Seoul Citizens` Cultural Rights Declaration is a promise made by Seoul to build freedom of expression instead of censorship, and a transparent and autonomous cultural policy led by citizens rather than corrupt cultural businesses. He also said, Specifically, it is a result created through the cooperation of Seoul and citizens in various fields along with the recently announced Seoul Artist Plan and Vision 2030 Cultural Seoul, which is more meaningful.
From December 20th 2016 to January 31st 2017, Seoul Metropolitan Government opens a garden (2,000m) utilizing silver grass to offer a variety of experiences including a photo exhibition, a heart-shaped photo zone, a large silver grass tree (9.5m), and an illuminated Wish Tunnel under the theme of Nanjidos Yesterday and Today.At the Silver Grass Garden, which has the silver grass tree and the silver grass tunnel utilizing silver grass from Haneul Park, people will find something different from other places. Hope Tree (9.5m) is decorated by using the silver grass from Haneul Park and the LED lights will be lit up until 10 oclock every night during the event period. The inside of the garden has a photo zone so that families can create memories. On the way to the Hope Tree from the Silver Grass Garden, the Wish Tunnel decorated with beautiful lights was also created as part of the garden, creating a year-end atmosphere at night. The lights of the 2017 Wish Tunnel, which is about 20m long, illuminate the surrounding area and create beautiful scenery all around the tunnel. Anyone who visits the Wish Tunnel, scheduled to operate until 8pm during the event period, can make a wish for the year of 2017 and hang it on one of the prepared wish cards.
Details of 2016 Seoul News Top 10Seoul announced the 2016 Seoul News Top 10 Chosen by Citizens among the 2016 policies that have gained adoration from the citizens. The Midnight Call Bus took 1st place, which anyone could appreciate who tried to catch a taxi around Gangnam Station in the middle of the night. It has a similar operation system to call taxis, which provide transportation service for those who have similar destinations and paths at around midnight (11 pm  4 am excluding Sundays and holidays) through an app running on smartphones. It is in its infant stage so the transportation is provided in 13 districts including Gangnam, Seocho, Songpa, Gangdong, Gwangjin, Seongdong, Yongsan, Dongjak, Gwanak, Mapo, Yeongdeungpo, Dongdaemun and Jungnang, but the service only starts from Gangnam-gu. This service is getting positive feedback so Seoul will continuously extend it to mitigate the difficulties to taking a taxi in the middle of the night. It is considering adding starting points including Hongik University (in Mapo-gu) and Jongno (Jongno-gu), where there are frequent transportation shortage issues. The Hangang Summer Festival took 2nd place with the support from all ages. This is one of the representative summer festivals of Seoul, which has been annually visited by over 9 million citizens since 2013. With the title of Hangang, filled with excitement and art, the festival was held for 38 days from July 15th (Fri) to August 21st (Sun) with 83 programs under 3 themes (Staying Cool at Hangang _SwimmingWater Leisure SportsChallenge Touching Moments at Hangang_PerformanceMoviesConcert Together at Hangang River_Ecological ExperienceCampingResting) and was visited by 12 million citizens.Third place was taken by the Dream Together: School Bathroom Remodel Project to transform bathrooms of elementary, middle and high schools into joyful and pleasant spaces considering the opinions of students. As a collaborative project of Seoul Metropolitan Government and Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education, the Dream Together is a policy to simply improve bathrooms as well as to reinforce their functions for welfare such as adding more toilet bowls and increasing ratio of female bathrooms. Last year, the first year of the implementation of the policy, public schools saw improvement in 175 school bathrooms and this year will see it in 265 bathrooms.Additionally, the citizens have shown high interest in daily-life policies including Extended Operation of Seoul Public Bicycle, Ddareungi (4th, 4.8%), Support of Sanitary Pads for Girls from Low-income Families (5th, 4.5%), 2030 Youth Housing in Areas Close to Subway Stations (6th, 4.1%), Development of Public WiFi Infrastructure (8th, 3.2%), and Womens Safety Metropolitan City 2.0 (9th, 3.0%). Especially, the Public Bicycle, Ddareungi took 1st place for the most beloved policy among male citizens in their 10s to 30s. The 2016 Seoul News Top 10 also includes The Memorial Site for the Japanese Military Sexual Slavery (7th, 3.8%) to comfort victims and remember the bitter history and 3rd Best MICE City (10th, 3.0%) to raise the status of Seoul as an international city.The News Top 10 survey was carried out for 4 weeks from November 14th to December 11th online and offline. 132,590 citizens were allowed to make choices of up to 5 out of 45 policies regardless of ranks and 224,185 selections were made. The 2016 Seoul News Top 10 can be checked at the website of Seoul Metropolitan Government (http://www.seoul.go.kr) or by searching Seoul City on Daum (http://www.daum.net).Details of 2016 Seoul News Top 10
The Seoul Village Lawyers Program has solved 9,296 legal cases that citizens have brought over two years since the program began. The program was intended to provide citizens with a free legal consulting service to help them with their troubles and questions in everyday lives in their nearest (dong) community service centers.The program allocates lawyers (one to two per village) interested in doing public service activities for villages in need, so that everyone can receive a one on one legal consulting services free of charge in their nearest (dong) community service centers. The lawyers deal with various cases including claim and obligation relationships, lease, real estate and noise complaints between floors. By doing so, they have played a role as troubleshooters in villages, without weighing the importance of matters.The Seoul Village Lawyers Program has been extended step by step, beginning with 166 lawyers in 83 vulnerable neighborhoods with a lack of legal offices in December 2014. Now, as many as 622 village lawyers have engaged in this program in 344 dongs. When they form close ties with community service centers and village residents through various legal activities, they go so far as to engage in more various activities such as giving a culture lecture on law for living and participating in citizen autonomy committees, village events, etc.Furthermore, the Seoul government is scheduled to set a new direction and reorganize a manual before expanding this program toward the 424 dongs throughout Seoul in the first half of next year.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) has announced the Future Vision of the Northeastern Area with Jungnangcheon Stream as the Center project. The vision was prepared to transform the countenance of the northeastern area, where 3.2 million people live in 8 autonomous districts. According to the plan, the Dongbu Expressway, which has lost its function as an urban expressway with an average traffic speed of 24km/h and has been frequently flooded by localized torrential downpour, will be reconstructed as two underground roads with expanded lanes (from 6 to 8) by 2026.After the ground roads are cleared away, the Jungnangcheon area will be reborn as an Eco-friendly Riverside Park with an area of around 2.21 million , 10 times larger than Yeouido Park. In addition, Jungnangcheon will be repaired to be a flood-safe stream by improving the flood control capacity from the current 100-year frequency (with a controllable maximum rainfall of 110 mm per hour), which has been vulnerable to inundation during periods of heavy rainfall, to a 200-year frequency (with a controllable maximum rainfall of 121mm per hour), which is applied for Hangang (River) and Anyangcheon (Stream), through consultation with related institutions. The SMG has established three major action plans for the Future Vision of the Northeastern Area with Jungnangcheon as the Center as follows  Construction of underground roads to replace the Dongbu Expressway  Improvement of flood control capacity, and  Creation of waterfront space and restoration of an ecological stream. Around KRW 2 trillion and 397.1 billion ( public finance 50%  private capital 29%  public contribution 21%) in total will be invested in the project by 2026.  Construction of Underground Roads Replacing the Dongbu Expressway: Divided into two roads, the Urban Expressway (by 2023) and the Local Principal Road (by 2026)Some parts of the Dongbu Expressway constructed in the riversides are temporary (illegal) roads according to the River Act. It has suffered from chronic traffic congestion, crowded with a number of long and short distance driving vehicles. Dongbu Expressway will be replaced by two underground roads:  Urban Expressway (with 4~6 lanes and 13.9km in length from Samseong to Wolgyegyo 1 Bridge), appropriate for long-distance driving, and  Local Principal Road (with 4 lanes and 8km in length from Seongdong to Wollenggyo Bridge), appropriate for short-distance driving.  Improvement of Flood Control Capacity: Improved Capacity to Treat the Maximum Rainfall from 110mm to 122mmThe SMG will consult with related organizations in order to identify and specify methods to improve the flood control capacity of Jungnangcheon Stream from the current 100-year design frequency to a 200-year design frequency. In addition, the SMG will also begin in this year to seek methods to construct flood control roads for better water drainage along with the underground road construction, and to expand the cross-sectional area of flow by repairing the streamsides of Jungnangcheon Stream after removal of the existing road.  Creation of Waterfront Space and Restoration of Ecological Stream: Creation of Eco-friendly Waterside Park, with an area 10 times larger than Yeouido ParkThe waterfront space of Jungnangcheon Stream covering the underground roads passes through 8 autonomous districts in a total length of 20.8km. It will be divided into 3 zones, for each of which the improvement plan will be prepared. The space will be created as an eco-friendly area for citizens leisure along the stream, similar to Dockland in London and M30 in Madrid.With the goal of making the entire Jungnangcheon Stream a Water Fun Stream, the SMG will further strengthen water quality management by enhancing the Jungnang Sewage Treatment Center and introducing small-scale water treatment plants. It will also create habitats to encourage the development of ecological environments in which a variety of wildlife can thrive. The SMG expects to achieve the following effects through the Future Vision of the Northeastern Area with Jungnangcheon Stream as the Center project: traffic convenience (shorten driving time from Gangnam to Uijeongbu by 40 minutes), employment of 50,000 persons, production inducement of KRW 5 trillion and 25.5 billion, and economic effect of KRW 7 trillion (KRW 203 billion per year).Contact:
The Seoul Museum of History will hold a special exhibition entitled Northeastern Seoul: From Crop Fields to a Forest of Apartments in its special exhibition room from 17th December 2016 to 5th March 2017. This exhibition is the first one to illuminate the northeastern part of Seoul, the representative place of high-density dwelling of middle-class.  The exhibition will show the areas of Gangbuk-gu, Dobong-gu, Nowon-gu and Jungnang-gu.At the exhibition, citizens can see images of northeastern Seoul from the Joseon Dynasty era to the present. The northeastern area of Seoul in the Joseon Dynasty was an important traffic center to the northeastern regions of Korea. In the 20th century, it became the starting point of Gyeungwon Line (Railroad) and Gyeongchun Line (Railroad). It is an area where local products and stories have been exchanged for centuries.It was a land that welcomed the poor who were pushed out of the city center in the difficult time after liberation from Japanese colonial rule. In the period of rapid economic growth, it became a production base of Seoul, with many factories established in the area. It has now become a representative residential area for Seoul citizens.When you enter the exhibition hall, you will find a map of northeastern Seoul covering the entire floor of the exhibition room. In addition, the main points of the map are featured by 20 exhibition towers showing time layers with history, geography, and changes of the city. Visitors are given the opportunity to experience an innovative look around the time and space of northeastern Seoul. Fee: Free
Seoul Christmas Market will be held in the event square of Yeouido Park (Exit No. 2 of Yeouinaru Station) for 11 days from Dec. 21st to 31st in 2016. It opens from 5 pm to 10:30 pm on weekdays andfrom3 pm to 9 pm on weekends.This Seoul Christmas Market is organized under the theme of Thanks Giving Christmas Market. During this time, the merchants of Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market will provide citizens and tourists with unique things to enjoy in winter nights in order to reward their customers for having used their market. It is held with the presence of 36 food trucks with various menus and 144 teams including artists selling handmade goods.This Seoul Christmas Market provides an opportunity to pioneer a new market to small merchants, who find it difficult to meet customers in winter, and also a stage for checking consumer responses to new founders, who find it difficult to have contact with customers. As this event gives citizens an opportunity to enjoy various things and taste foods, a large structure will be built indoors so that many citizens can have a good time in a warm atmosphere for 11 days.In the food zone, food trucks offer various menus ranging from the popular menus of Bamdokkaebi Night Market to seasonal menus prepared for Christmas Day. In the handmade zone with unique and elaborate works produced by artists, customers can find accessories made of various materials such as leather, fabric and metal as well as a variety of pretty things that cheer up the happy atmosphere of Christmas Day.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government published the 2016 Seoul Statistical Yearbook and announced it on the homepage of Seoul Statistics. The yearbook contains 344 items of statistics from 2015 in 20 areas including population, economy, housing, education and transportation.  How was a day in Seoul in 2015? An average of 227 people were born each day and 118 people died. 176 couples got married and 50 couples divorced. 7.23 million people took the subway and 4.4 million people used the buses. 1.03 people died from traffic accidents each day.As of the end of 2015, the population of Seoul was 10,297,000, a decrease of 72,455 compared with the previous year, and the average age was 40.6, which was higher than 40.2 in the previous year. The number of registered foreigners in Seoul was 275,000, an increase of 8,597 from the previous year, accounting for 2.7% of the citys total population.The number of elderly people aged 65 or older was 1,268,000, an increase of 45,947 from the previous year (2014), and the number of welfare facilities for the elderly was 4,827, which was an increase of 120 from 4,707 in the previous year.According to the statistics on transport share of Seoul citizens as of the end of 2014, subways and railways made up 39.0%, buses 27.0%, passenger cars 22.8% and taxis 6.8%. Of the subway lines, citizens used line 2 the most.A day in Seoul is introduced on a page of the yearbook in order to make it easier to understand the statistics of Seoul in 2015, and statistics on 19 areas including population, labor, electricity, water supply service and consumer prices are shown in an easy and simple way using graphs.Visit a Day in Seoul in 2015: http://english.seoul.go.kr/get-to-know-us/statistics-of-seoul/a-day-in-seoul/Visit 2015-2016 Statistical Yearbook of Seoul (KOR): http://stat.seoul.go.kr/jsp3/stat.book.jsp?link=6&cot=009 
Large cities in developing countries are using the effective administrative policies of Seoul as benchmarks and striving to learn from its experiences in connection with their efforts to solve urban problems like water shortages, traffic congestion, and environmental pollution. Seeing such efforts, the Seoul Metropolitan Government, jointly with Arirang TV, made a special documentary film that introduces specific cases of sharing its effective policies for solving urbanization problems with developing countries. At present, the SMG is pushing forward with a program to share its effective policies with cities in foreign countries and to provide support for Korean businesses looking for opportunities to make forays into foreign markets. By the end of November 2016, the city has signed agreements with 35 cities in 25 countries to share a total of 42 policies.One leading example of such a case is Ulan Bator, the capital city of Mongolia. Ulan Bator solved its problems by adopting the e-payment service and the Bus Management System (BMS) from Seoul in 2015. Two thousand-plus buses operating in Ulan Bator are now equipped with the smart traffic card reader. The percentage of people using the new system has increased to 65% over the past year, and people have expressed their satisfaction with the mitigated traffic congestion thanks to the help of the new system. The Korean-style transportation system has also been adopted in Bogota, the capital city of Columbia. In 2011, LG CNS finished the installation of the Fleet Management System (FMS) and the Automated Fare Collection System (AFC) for the city in 2015. The smart traffic card reader has been installed in seven thousand-plus buses operating in Bogota, one hundred twenty-plus BRTs (Bus Rapid Transits), and all bus stops under the newly established single transit system.The aforementioned documentary film introducing the SMGs export of effective administrative policies like these will be aired in more than 100 countries. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will run an ice skating rink and a sledding slope in Yeouido Park in 2016, for the second year since 2015, to revitalize the use of the park in winter.In 2016, it will also run a sledding slope, snow playground, food markets and food trucks to provide a variety of activities and food. The name of the place is Yeoui Ice Park, with more expanded features.The Yeoui Ice Park will be open from 10 am to 9:30 pm everyday for 71 days from December 9th, 2016 to February 17th, 2017. It will be open from 4 pm on the opening day due to the opening ceremony.People can play at the snow playground for free when they are waiting to use the sledding slope or even if they dont use the facility. They also can visit exhibition booths installed together. However, the skating rinks and the sledding slope can only accommodate up to 400 people at a time in order to prevent accidents.Inquiries
The Seoul Metropolitan Government held the countermeasure meeting for citizen safety in winter in which Mayor of Seoul Park Won-soon participated. Seoul examined measures for preventing fires at traditional marketplaces, an outbreak of AI (avian influenza), and illegal forced demolition and protecting the underprivileged class in order to ensure the safety of citizens in winter. In order to prevent large-scale fires, Seoul will strengthen preventive activities at eight key facilities vulnerable to fire, including large-scale sales facilities (1,229 locations), multiple use businesses (40,140 locations), traditional marketplaces (352 locations), and care hospitals (102 locations), and implement safety management measures that are appropriate to the characteristics of each facility.In response to the recent spread of AI (avian influenza) nationwide, Seoul has established and been operating Seoul Special AI Prevention Headquarters and Situation Room for AI Prevention in 25 autonomous regions and seven locations since October 1st, 2016. Also, Seoul is carrying out intensive measures on bird breeding facilities and major habitats for migratory birds such as Hangang River.In addition, Seoul is strengthening monitoring and pre-dispute settlement procedures so that citizens can protect their home and workplace in winter during development projects such as new town construction or redevelopment. The city also implements various measures to support vulnerable groups such as homeless people.
In order to increase the efficiency of public transportation near Songpa-gu, Seoul Metropolitan Government will be completing the underground construction of Jamsil Metropolitan Transfer Center (Songpadae-ro Jamsil Station to Seokchon Lake Bridge) and operate public buses in the area.Jamsil Metropolitan Transfer Center is a transfer facility where people can transfer between buses and the subway, thus enhancing the efficiency of public transportation and improving traffic conditions of nearby roads. Its construction began in June, 2014, and was completed in December, 2016.Thirty-one buses can park or pull over here, and the Center is connected horizontally to the 1st basement floor of Line 2 and Line 8 gates of Jamsil Station.Especially, the Center allows people to wait for their buses in a more pleasant environment, by preventing exhaust and CO2 through installing screen doors and air curtains between the pull-over site and the waiting site.Also, at the entrance to the Center from Jamsil Underground Square, an information screen is installed to provide all information related to the buses and their arrival times at the Center. BIT is installed at every stop within the Center, as well.At first, 6 bus lines to Seongnam, Suwon and Gwangju will be operated starting December 3rd, 2016. Later on, 11 bus lines to Guri and Namyangju will be added in early January, 2017.Further, the Center shortens the transfer distance between the buses and Line 2 from 530m to 50m, thus dramatically increasing the transfer convenience.
Seoul was selected as the Worlds Best MICE City in 2016 by Business Traveler US and Global Traveler, the most prestigious media in business tourism, after the city received the same title in 2015.
 MICE: Service industry that includes four fields of meeting, incentives, convention and exhibition.Seoul was named as Best International Business Meetings Destination in Best in Business Travel Awards selected by Business Traveler US, for the fifth consecutive year (2012 to 2016), which is awarded to the best MICE city.The Best in Business Travel Awards, the most prestigious awards in the area of MICE and business tourism, celebrates its 28th anniversary in 2016. The awards are given to cities in 42 categories, including the worlds top MICE cities, airlines, hotels, airports, and transportation. This year it announced the winners based on the results of an online survey (conducted for three months from May to July) of 175,000 subscribers.Business Traveler is a specialized medium providing information for business travelers. Since its first publication in the UK in 1976, more than 500,000 copies a month have been published in 15 regions including the United Kingdom and the United States.In addition, Seoul has been selected as the Best MICE City for the second consecutive year in 2015 and 2016 at the 2016 13th Annual Global Traveler Tested Reader Survey Awards organized by Global Traveler.
Global Traveler is a business travel magazine that provides information on air travel, hotels, cities, lifestyle and others to business travelers and people in related industries around the world. It was launched in 2004 and has published 105,000 copies a month.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government conferred honorary citizenship to San Francisco Mayor Edwin M. Lee and presented him the citizenship certificate on Dec. 1st, 2016. Particularly, the year 2016 marks the 40th anniversary since the establishment of the sister city relationship between the two cities in May 1976. Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon held a performance celebrating the 40th anniversary in San Francisco in September 2016, and San Francisco Mayor Edwin M. Lee visited Seoul in return for the Seoul Mayors visit to San Francisco.Mayor Edwin Lee, a former human rights lawyer, was elected as San Francisco Mayor in 2011, becoming the first Asian American San Francisco Mayor, and was reelected in 2015. He has a lot of things in common with Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon, who won reelection in 2014.Seouls Honorary Citizenship is awarded to foreigners who have lived in Seoul for three consecutive years or more than five years, or to important people from abroad who visited the city.
 in Jongno-gu and completed Aging Service Design, applied with seven detailed design items Rakui 7.The Aging Service Design project is a project to develop the area into a specialized street by improving various fields, such as welfare, transportation, sidewalk environment and design, based on the plan of service designed around Jongmyo and Topgol Park conducted by Seoul Metropolitan Government in 2013.For example, shops on the street put up shop signs from the 1960s and 1970s, and there are showcases and DJ boxes that display objects used during school days around the streets, invoking nostalgia for the elderly and creating the sense of stability. In addition, nearby shops are designated as friendly stores to provide bottled water or allow people to use their restrooms. Also, restaurants use big colored letters on their menu and signs so that the elderly can order food easily.In addition to improving the physical environment to which the aging service design is applied, the city will continue its efforts to maintain and revitalize it. The city plans to revitalize the service design program in which residents, the elderly and local merchants can participate directly, and expand the elderly friendly street. Photos after building Rakui Street Friendly store Elderly priority restroom Menu with big letters  Seven Up Manual Cane holder Maps for the elderly Emergency medical equipment for cardiac arrest
Park Won-Soon, Mayor of Seoul and 48 university presidents will launch a Campus Town Policy Council in order to jointly deal with youth problems such as youth unemployment and housing insecurity and to revitalize stagnated college areas.The Campus Town Policy Council is a dedicated government group that will be the key driving force of the Youth Special City, Creative Economy Campus Neighborhoods project announced by the Seoul Metropolitan Government. The council will be a leading decision-making body that discusses and consults about the major issues of Campus Town.The council consists of 49 members made up of the Seoul Mayor and 48 university presidents, who want to participate out of 52 universities in Seoul. The council will have a regular meeting twice a year (the first half and the second half) beginning next year, with the first meeting being held on November 30th, 2016. Through the partnership between universities and the public, it will maintain an organic cooperative relationship. In addition, it will seek ways to promote cooperation in various areas such as universities, youths and local communities by exchanging opinions actively. The second meeting will be held in March 2017, during which the council will look for solutions in order to address issues of each university, and discuss various measures including incentives to encourage universities to participate in the community.
Seoul has decided to close the Seoul Plaza Ice Skating Rink in 2016. Considering the fact that opening the skating rink in Seoul Plaza in December every year is a promise to the citizens, Seoul tried to open the skating rink, even though the construction has been postponed for a week, but the city decided that citizens safety was a top priority.The Seoul Plaza Ice Skating Rink has been operating since 2004, and is about 6,800 in size. The skating rink has been a wintertime attraction in Seouls downtown, with about 180,000 visitors.Photos of Seoul Plaza Ice Skating Rink from 2015 and 2016
Seoul Metropolitan City will open Urban SDG Knowledge Platform on December 1st, 2016 in cooperation with UNESCAP and CityNet.The platform will serve as a forum for sharing urban problem-solving policies and communication.
Sharing policies will help cities around the world reduce budgets, shorten the implementation period, reduce trial and error, and ultimately contribute to reducing economic losses.For successful operation and continuation of the platform, Seoul Metropolitan City will participate in Workshop for the Implementation of Sustainable Development Agenda between Cities in Asia and the Pacific held at UNESCAP Headquarters during SDG Week, introduce the online platform to participants including overseas cities, international organizations, and international NGOs, and ask for active cooperation from overseas cities.The United Nations and other international organizations as well as Seoul have already been sharing city policies such as traffic, environment and urban planning with foreign cities for some time now, but this is the first time to open an online platform for urban policies to achieve and implement sustainable development goals.Go to Urban SDG Knowledge Platform: http://www.urbansdgplatform.org/
The International Exchange Complex project, which will build a global MICE hub around Jamsil Sports Complex and COEX, is set to pick up steam.The Seoul Metropolitan Government will create a global MICE hub, where exhibitions, conventions, sports, entertainment and waterside cultural leisure will exist in harmony, in the southeast area (from COEX to Jamsil Sports Complex) of Seoul by 2025.Seoul had announced the master plan for regions around Jamsil Sports Complex and the guideline for each facility and suggested the basic direction that infrastructure projects, such as the main stadium, roads and rivers should be public-led, and basic facilities projects such as exhibition and convention facilities, hotels and base-ball parks should be private-led.Seoul will conduct a feasibility study and carry out legal procedures after review by the International Exchange Complex Promotion Committee and discussions with residents. Seoul plans to start construction in stages from 2019 and aims to complete construction in 2025.
2017 Inclusive Growth in Cities Campaign will be held in Seoul under the sponsorship of the OECD and the US Ford Foundation. Mayors from 47 major cities including Seoul, New York and Paris will participate in order to put their heads together to deal with wealth inequality problems and discuss sustainable economic development.At the second meeting of the Inclusive Growth in Cities Campaign held in Paris, France on November 21th, 2016, Seoul was announced as the host city for the third meeting.Mayor Park Won-Soon, along with other Champion Mayors from 42 major cities including Seoul, New York and Paris, launched the Inclusive Growth in Cities Campaign in March 2016 in order to take the lead in solving the problem of wealth inequality.Seoul will put a focus on measures to address 99 to 1 inequality and divided society as well as share Seouls economic democratization policy with other cities around the world.At the Paris meeting going on right now, 47 Champion Mayors announced Paris Action Plan which includes the directions of four policy areas (education, labor market and human capacity, residential and urban environment, and infrastructure and public services) to address the wealth gap. At the 2017 meeting in Seoul, they will assess the implementation of the Paris Action Plan and announce Seoul Declaration (tentative name) which will prepare for the next stage.
 Applicants that have passed the final round will be informed individually by email and mobile message. Interns may not be selected if there are no applicants qualified for a specific division or dept. For further information, send all inquiries to the Seoul Metropolitan Government, Multiculturalism Division at 02-2133-5076.Application Form 1Application Form 2Recruiting Divisions List
 Seoul Baekje Museum will hold the 2016 Korean History and Culture Experience for Foreigners. This program is planned for foreigners to compare traditional Korean culture with other cultures around the world. This program allows foreigners to naturally understand Korean culture by enjoying experiences at the museum. We hope that many groups and individuals from abroad will visit the museum.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government was invited to Smart City Expo World Congress 2016, held from November 15th to November 17th in Barcelona, Spain, and was a City Award Finalist (a shortlist of five cities) at the World Smart City Awards.The Smart City Expo World Congress is one of the largest exhibitions featuring smart cities and Internet of Things (IoT), and attracted 15,000 people from 500 cities in 92 countries around the world last year. The Smart City Expo World Congress holds the World Smart City Awards and selects excellent smart cities every year.The Seoul Metropolitan Government emphasized public-private cooperation for data-based social innovation and urban problem solving, and was shortlisted with other five candidate cities out of 250 cities that applied at the World Smart City Awards.Seoul was highly rated because the city established policies with citizens based on the excellent ICT infrastructure and state-of-the-art technologies such as diverse citizen participation channels, public data and the Internet of Things, and that the city built a governance system where citizens lead and solve urban problems directly.In addition to being a finalist at the World Smart City Awards, Seoul operated its own pavilion during the expo promoting the excellence of Seoul Smart City. Seoul operated the pavilion together with small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs) with excellent technologies introducing various smart city policies and projects including Seoul IoT projects, mobile voting system (mVoting) and Big Data campus. In addition, by providing IT SMEs with opportunities to promote their services, Seoul helped them to make inroads abroad and improved the status of Seoul as a smart city.Furthermore, because Seoul ranked at the top for the seventh consecutive time in the Global Metropolitan E-Government Evaluation, which is conducted by Rutgers University School of Public Affairs and Administration and evaluates 100 major cities around the world, in October this year, Seoul maintains its status as one of the best e-government cities in the world.
Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) is planning to take measures to relieve the difficulties of taking taxis during late hours at the end of the year when the demand for taxis is rapidly increasing. In order to prevent taxi ride refusal and passenger pick-up at the taxi drivers choice, SMG is going to operate the Taxi Happy Zone in the Jongno area, to expand the availability of nighttime taxis and alternative passenger transportation vehicles in the late hours, and to exercise strict control over illegal activities like refusal of passengers at the main stop positions in parallel.SMG will operate Taxi Happy Zone with temporary taxi stands free from taxi cutting-in and passenger refusal in the section reaching from Jonggak to Jongno 3-ga (650m) from midnight to 2:00am every Saturday from December 3rd (Sat.) ~ 24th (Sat.), 2016. In order to make it easier for the citizens to recognize the Taxi Happy Zone, SMG is going to install temporary taxi stands in 5 places by attaching light-emitting signboards in the zone. Also, it has a plan to promote the operation of Taxi Happy Zone using placards, banners, etc. around the Jongno area in order to avoid confusion and to publicize such zones. 
Of the entire 170m long Deoksugung Stonewall Walkway, a 100m section owned by Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will be opened to the public as a pedestrian passage 60 years after it was shut down due to the occupation by the British Embassy in Korea in 1959. SMG has been through in-depth discussion with the British Embassy over several months after a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) was signed by both parties to reach an agreement to open the 100m long section of stonewall walkway that passes through the precincts of the Embassy. The target opening time is August 2017.SMG suggested joint facilitation of a project to recover the Deoksugung Stonewall Walkway to the British Embassy in October 2014, and signed the MOU in May 2015 as both sides had agreed on the necessity of opening the walkway and its historical significance.As a result of their mutual understanding, the British Embassy finally agreed to return the 100m section owned by SMG out of the entire 170m long stonewall walkway passing through the premises of the Embassy on October 6th, 2016. The British Embassy is currently in the process way of designing and planning construction for the return of the 100m walkway.SMG is also working on a detailed design for the 100m walkway section to be opened next year. As the land is returned by the British Embassy and the back gate is installed, SMG is going to construct a pedestrian passage simultaneously. The design will be completed in 2016, and the construction will be completed in August 2017, the target opening time.
Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will implement its Comprehensive Plan for 2016 Winter Season from November 15th, 2016 to March 15th, 2017 when the citizens suffer from intense cold and heavy snow. The main contents of the plan were prepared to support the citizens lives in winter through activities such as snow removal or protection of the vulnerable class. Specifically, this years plan is focusing on snow removal and welfare. Major measures different from those taken in 2015 include: expansion of the support fund to assist vulnerable people in preparing for winter, sharing of CCTV control wsuch as snow removal or protection of the vulnerable class.ith the City Transportation Headquarters of SMG, increase of target amount of fund raising for warm wintering by 10%, and expanded installation of free snow removal kit boxes at 1,250 locations along the main roads of all autonomous districts.SMG will lead the emergency inspection with the City Transportation Headquarter of the SMG when heavy-snowfall warnings are issued in order to ensure safe traffic conditions from various winter hazards.In addition, SMG is going to check the safety status of various urban facilities located in the traditional markets and so on which are vulnerable to freezing and heavy snow. It also will check the fire-fighting equipment and fire water facilities located on the 45 mountains of the city in order to make sure that citizens can enjoy a safe winter.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) submitted to the Seoul Metropolitan Council its budget for 2017 totaling KRW 29 trillion and 652.5 billion, increased by KRW 2 trillion and 148.7 billion (7.8%) compared to 2016s budget.Compared with the budgets that have consecutively increased over the last 6 years, the year-to-year increase margin is the largest this time. The main causes of this increase are strengthened support for the autonomous districts and the Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education as well as increased budgets for welfare, urban safety, housing, job creation, etc. The 2017 budget was organized as a budget for the Removal of Anxiety for Citizens Relief focusing on the keywords of  Safety  Jobs, and  Welfare. The resource allocation for the SOC (social overhead capital) projects, which have significant effects on job creation, was expanded to reach KRW 1 trillion and 991.3 billion in total, increased by 16.1% over the previous year.The SMG is going to positively invest in the sectors fundamental to civic life to protect citizens safety, jobs and welfare accordingly to overcome hardships together by expanding its fiscal spending even under difficult financial conditions as the citizens livelihood indicators such as youth unemployment, household debt and economic growth rate are at terrible levels.In order to make Seoul special, the SMG also introduced a Seoul-type Budget for  living wages  emotional laborer protection projects  management of comfort women records  commemorative project for the 100th anniversary of the March First Independence Movement  sanitary pad supply support project, and so on.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the Basic Plan for Seoul, a City of History, with the goal of systematically managing and developing the identity of Seoul, a city with a two-thousand-year history, giving the city back to citizens, and further firmly establishing the brand value as a world-class historical city. Although Seoul has a two-thousand-year history and it has gone through several significant changes, from Hanseong, the capital of ancient Baekje, to Namgyeong in the Goryeo era, to the Joseon Dynasty period, and finally to the capital of the Republic of Korea today, citizens awareness about Seouls two-thousand-year history is unfortunately low, as the city has experienced multiple wars, the Japanese colonial era, and industrialization.Seoul has set the goal of creating a Seoul which embraces the past, enjoys the present, and creates its own future history in order to conserve, manage, and utilize Seouls historical and cultural assets in a future-oriented way before it is too late. Seoul has set up 56 subjects in four areas to be implemented in 2017:  Search and Conserve  Use and Enjoy  Research and Educate  Region and World. To do so, the city began drawing the basic plan in 2014, and, after gathering opinions and lively discussions over two years, has established this basic plan. First, the Search and Conserve area is aimed at the creation of a comprehensive and systematic conservation system in line with the overall urban plans, breaking away from old practices, in which historic and cultural assets were conserved individually. Second, the Use and Enjoy area is aimed at the establishment of infrastructure, so that citizens can fully enjoy historical and cultural assets in their daily lives. It will also serve to identify unique aspects of Seoul to see and enjoy through using of the citys history and culture. Third, the Research and Educate area is designed to search for and articulate the identity of Seoul as a city with a two-thousand-year history. The city will set up the tentatively-named Seoul History Research Institute as a think tank dedicated to and specializing in this area, and will establish the Historical and Cultural Education Information Center for integrating and managing historical and cultural education for citizens within the institute.Finally, the Region and World area will consolidate the citys brand value as a historical city through exchanges and cooperation with other historical cities around the world, as well as local governments and related agencies. 
Under the title of Lightened Hangang River where history flows, the Seoul Lantern Festival 2016 will be organized into six themes over the section of 1.2 km. Along the course of the river, various moments of history, culture, and daily lives from prehistoric times to the present will be captured in diverse lanterns.In particular, the Story of the Hangang River, which depicts todays Hangang River in detail, uses traditional Korean paper and LED lights, and is a large-scale work of 30 meters.In line with the theme of the history of the Hangang River and Seoul City, the Seoul City Walking Tours program will be operated for the first time. If you visit the website of Seoul City Walking Tours (http://dobo.visitseoul.net/) and make a reservation for Cheonggyecheon 1 among the courses, you can have an opportunity to learn about the history and the culture of Cheonggyecheon areas.Korean, English, Japanese and Chinese explanation services are available at 10am and 2pm on weekdays and at 10am, 2pm, and 3pm on weekends.
The section between Gwanggyo and Jangtonggyo is created by Seoul Metropolitan Government, local governments, and overseas cities. Unique lanterns from Qingdao, China, Macao and the Philippines, as well as lanterns representing Seouls brand ISEOULU.In addition to lantern exhibitions, various events for the publics participation will be held. Events such as Putting up wishing lanterns, Floating wishing lanterns, and Putting up 2017 New Year wishing notes will be held at booths installed at the Gwanggyo Gallery. Seoul Lantern Festival 2016 Overview
Seoul Metropolitan Government launches Get-Home-Safely Scout () app for women on November 2nd, 2016. Citizens who want to use this service can download Get-Home-Safely Scout () app on Google Play and App Store (iOS).This is how to use the app: Sign up  Log in  Select the residential area or recently selected area  Select area to be dispatched  Set the expected arrival time  Press the Request Scout button.After this, an agent receives a push notification  the agent presses the Dispatch button  the user receives a push notification of An agent dispatched with a profile of the agent displayed. Seoul Metropolitan Government expects the number of users to keep climbing as it allows easy cancellation and request with a few clicks. Get-Home-Safely Scout for Women
 How to use: Request the service via telephone (30 minutes in advance, call 120 or the situation room of each autonomous district) or via the app (9pm to 12:10am).The service of Get-Home-Safely Scout for Women involves supports for women to get home safely and patrols around vulnerable places. Teams of Scouts consisting of two people will light the dark nights with light sticks and whistles prepared for an emergency and escort women using this service to their doors so that women can get home safely. Patrols around vulnerable places involves patrolling places where sex crimes frequently occur and adult entertainment establishments are concentrated. The teams will work with police in the autonomous districts and report to police in case of emergencies via one-stop connection.Inquiry: Womens Policy Division 02-2133-5030.
Seoul City has launched an online platform, called One More Trip (www.onemoretrip.net) which aims to connect individual foreign tourists and content providers of unique experience products of Seoul. Any inbound travel agencies, start-ups, and small businesses in the tourism industry can register and promote their products on the website by themselves and foreign tourists can search customized products and purchase them.The website provides services in both English and Chinese, and payment is available not only using foreign credit cards, but also via global online payment systems such as PayPal, AliPay, and WeChatPay to facilitate a more foreign friendly environment for their convenience.It also includes the Innovative Measures for Seoul Tourism presented in March 2016. It aims to reduce inconvenience for individual tourists and increase satisfaction of tourists who pursue a unique experience in Seoul.  Function: Open market where suppliers and travelers can register and purchase experience-type tourist products.
 Major products: Experience Hallyu (Korean Wave) such as K-pop, Experience traditional markets, Experience making traditional liquor, Enjoying traditional tea at Hanok (Korean traditional house), Walking through old villages in Seoul, etc. Operational flow: Registering products (seller)  purchasing products (tourist)  sending voucher (seller  tourist)  use  review  calculation Major Experience Products 
Starting November 28th, 2016, citizens will be able to use the late night Owl Bus service more conveniently. The N65 bus, which will operate in the Southwest area of Seoul, will be added to the fleet of the night-only Owl Bus service. In addition, the number of buses serving the existing routes will be increased, shortening service intervals by up to 30 minutes.This improvement is based on the analysis results of the number of passengers and the congestion rate, as well as the analysis results of 1,358 traffic volume instances on roads from midnight to 4 a.m in May, 2016.The N65 bus will pass through Balsan Station, Hwagok Station, Yeongdeungpo Station, Sindorim Station, Guro Digital Complex Station, Siheung-dong from midnight to 5 a.m, and will operate four times in each direction, and eight times in total.
Lonely Planet, the worlds leading travel guidebook, has released the Best in Travel 2017 list. Seoul ranked seventh in Lonely Planets Top 10 Cities for 2017, and is the only Asian city in the top 10 list.Lonely Planet wrote, For over a decade Seoul has been striving to become a greener, more attractive and user-friendly metropolis. Following on from successful projects such as the Cheonggyecheon, where an aging elevated highway was torn down and replaced with a central park and waterway, the city will unveil in the latter part of 2017 the Seoul Skygarden.Seoul has been named one of the top ten tourist cities in the world for three consecutive years beginning in 2014, and hosted the third most international meetings among all global cities in 2015.
Watch ArtworksSeoul will hold Seoul Brand Art Exhibition under the motif of ISEOULU from November 2nd to 13th at the City Gallery in Seoul Citizens Hall.This exhibition will be the first of its kind since the birth of ISEOULU. In the exhibition, creators reinterpret the Seoul brand with their own emotions about and experiences in Seoul, and present the friendliness of Seoul and fun of communication.As the Seoul brand, which was created on October 28th, 2015, celebrates its 1st anniversary, Seoul and the Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency are co-hosting this exhibition for citizens who are wondering Whats the Seoul brand?, Why did they create the Seoul brand?, and How has the Seoul brand taken its current form? Period: November 2nd (Wed)  13th (Sun), 2016
Seoul has announced the blueprint for City of Daily Culture, Seoul to provide support for Seoul citizens to become artists through various activities in their everyday life, rather than consumers of the arts. The plan calls for 90 units of daily culture infrastructure, called daily culture support centers, will be opened across Seoul by 2020.To support this plan, dedicated and specialized a daily culture support team will be newly organized within the Seoul Foundation for Arts and Culture in 2017. The team will be in charge of the integrated management of existing personal infrastructure and daily culture information, and match and connect the infrastructures with suitable individuals and organizations by establishing an organic support network of 90 centers. In addition, the team will provide culture and art clubs with designs and plans for projects, as well as practice and presentation venues to allow them to continue the creations of creative works, rather than simply having meetings. It will also offer counseling services regarding various forms of art education to individuals. Seoul will establish the legal and institutional foundation for the plan this year, and will start to carry out nine tasks in three areas in 2017. The three areas are  expanding the infrastructure of daily culture (PLACE)  support for the growth as a major agent of culture (PEOPLE)  establishing a platform connecting cultural assets (PLATFORM). 
To celebrate the 1st anniversary of ISEOULU, Seoul designated the week from October 26th, 2016 to November 2nd, 2016 as Seoul Brand Celebration Week and will hold events where citizens can communicate and enjoy. On October 28th, the 1st anniversary of Seoul brand, ISEOULU Citizen participation events will take place at Seoul Plaza. Citizens can learn about the meaning of ISEOULU and take a look at the process of citizen oriented development while experiencing and enjoying ISEOULU, an expandable brand available in various ways.ISEOULU Secret box will be run to promote Seoul and the Seoul brand to tourists from abroad, where they can participate in quiz events and receive gifts. In addition, there will be two flash mob performances for citizens to enjoy (12 p.m. at Seoul Plaza, October 28th and 3 p.m. at Yeouido Hangang Park).On October 29th, Seoul Brand 1st Anniversary Forum will be held under the theme of City, People, and Seoul. At the forum, discussions will be held on Why city brands are important, How to promote the brand of Seoul, and others with experts and citizens through three different programs. On November 1st, the IPOWER20U K-pop concert to celebrate the Seoul Brand 1st Anniversary and SBS Power FM Radios 20th Anniversary, will take place at Jamsil Gymnasium. The concert features many K-pop stars who have fans here in Korea and all over the world, including EXO, Twice, and VIXX. Seoul citizens and tourists from abroad can enjoy their spectacular performances. From November 2nd  13th, Seoul Brand Art Collaboration Exhibition, I LOVE SEOUL ISEOULU Exhibition, and other exhibitions of design work utilizing ISEOULU will be held. 
At 1 p.m. on Nov. 4th, 2016, Seoul Plazas 6,000  will become a mega kimchi-making place, filled with 4,000 people from various countries making about 50 tons of kimchi. The 3rd Seoul Kimchi Festival takes place from November 4th (Fri) to 6th (Sun), a festival where people can experience, taste, and share Kimjang culture, Koreas kimchi-making culture designated by UNESCO as cultural heritage.At the same, the Tokyo Kimchi Festival will be held in Shinjuku, with the expected participation of over 1,000 people, to remember the descendants of Goguryeo who went to Japan and settled there in 1300, inheriting the excellent culinary culture of their homeland.This is the first time that Seoul will hold Kimchi Festivals in both Korea and Japan. The opening ceremony will take place at the same time in Korea and Japan, following the cabbage transplanting events held in both countries in August, to deliver messages of harmony and sharing.
Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the2016 Seoul Photo Festival for the entire month of November in 2016. The 2016 Seoul Photo Festival will reflect on the meaning of Seoul as a city of the future. Seoul has achieved rapid economic growth in last half century, and has become a metropolis where various cultures and lives co-exist. The photo festival focuses on issues that todays city-dwellers face, such as immigration, boundaries, community, and urban society.To commemorate the 50th anniversary of the dispatching of Korean nurses to Germany, a special exhibition will be held at Seoul Metropolitan Library. Visitors can see records of the dramatic lives of three women who were dispatched to Germany as nurses in the 1970s and lived there for 50 years as Berlin citizens, showing how the women moved between borders and cultures.In particular, this years festival will expand the number of exhibition places across Seoul, so that citizens have more opportunities to see the festival. The exhibitions will be held at Mullae Arts Village and Seoul Innovation Park, as well as in places where previous exhibitions took place, such as Buk Seoul Museum of Art, Seoul Citizens Hall, and Seoul Metropolitan Library. Admission fee: free
Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the new name of Seoul Station Overpass Walking Path, Seoullo 7017 and BI (Brand Identity) of its logo. The Seoul Station Overpass Walking Path will be reformed as Walking Path for people by April 2017.The name of Seoullo 7017 has dual meanings. It means walking path for people representing Seoul, and a path towards Seoul at the same time. 7017 refers to the year 1970, when Seoul Station Overpass was built, and the year 2017, when it will be reformed as a walking path.The logo is designed using a curved shape and resembles a smiling face with good grace, showing friendliness. In particular, the logo replaced r with l in English spelling of ro, a word that stands for road in Korean. The two lower cases of l symbolize the shape of walking human feet. The logo is designed to be pleasant, energetic, and dynamic. It also shows how a car road is intuitively changed to become a road for people.Since the Seoul Station Overpass Walking Path is located on the route with Seouls major tourist attractions, Seoul tried to create a BI which is easily read by all foreigners and has the same meaning and pronunciation for both Koreans and foreigners.
The Korea Meteorological Administration forcasted the peak foliage will reach Bukhansan mountain around October 30 and central Seoul wil see them in early November. The Seoul Metropolitan Government introduced the 105 best fall foliage roads in Seoul, a total of 182.37 , so that people can enjoy fall foliage in nearby areas without having to go far.The 105 best fall foliage roads are divided into four themes:  fall foliage roads along the water  fall foliage roads for daytrips  fall foliage roads in parks  fall foliage roads with walkways. People can find the places they want to visit according to the themes.The 105 best fall foliage roads in Seoul can be seen on Seouls websites (http://www.seoul.go.kr/story/autumn).Seoul will not sweep the fallen leaves of 105 roads until mid-November, allowing people to enjoy the ambiance of autumn with the crisp sound of the fallen leaves, an experience possible only in the autumn.
Date: 3rd(Wednesday) November, 2016Venue: Multipurpose Hall, 8th floor, Seoul City HallHost: Seoul Metropolitan Government, The Korean Association for Conflict Studies, Seoul YMCA, Citizens Coalition for Better GovernmentIf you want to attend our conference, please register via follow link https://goo.gl/forms/qXuvypdh5MLCgQI73
Please join us in Seoul, the capital city of Korea. We are sure that you will discover the beauty of Seoul, the hidden treasure of Asia.
Delegates from Seoul and New York will be gathered to discuss public innovation. Seoul City will hold the International Symposium for Public Space Innovation in Seoul & New York 2016, under the theme Seoul and New York Talk about Public Innovation from October 27th (Thu) to 28th (Fri).As the importance of public squares, parks, and green spaces increases, urban public space is in a continual state of evolution. The processes of creating and managing public space are becoming more diverse than ever, and various sectors including public and private are cooperating. The time has come to discuss the future of public space and innovate new ways of establishing and developing public spaces in our communities.New York-based experts, representatives of NGO groups such as High Line, Brooklyn Bridge Park, and Governors Island, and a leader of New York City will attend the symposium.Experts, students, and citizens can also join the main session on Oct. 28th (Fri) beginning at 13:30 on the 10th floor conference room in Post Tower, Myeong-dong. For participation, preregistration on the website (http://ispsi2016.com) is required by Oct. 21st (Fri).On the first day, local and international speakers, the symposium organizing committee, local activists, and city officials will tour selected public spaces and hold in-depth discussions regarding the future challenges of each site as well as the current condition of public spaces in Seoul. The second day will open with a congratulatory address from the Mayor of Seoul, Keynote sessions, Matching Sessions of Public Spaces in Seoul and New York (main), Comprehensive Presentation (commentary), and a Floor Discussion.In the four sessions, joint presentations and discussions will follow highlighting similarities and differences in the representative public spaces of New York, including The High Line, Brooklyn Bridge Park, Central Park, and Governors Island with those of Seoul, including Seoul Station Overpass, Mapo Cultural Storage Site, Seoul Childrens Grand Park, and Nodeulseom.The website (http://ispsi2016.com) provides an introduction to programs and events as well as information on the public spaces of both cities and the speakers for the event. (Inquiry: operation office 070-4610-3724)
The 4th Seoul International Energy Conference will take place at Seoul City Hall on November 1st, 2016. The worlds greatest scholars in the energy field from Korea and around the world will gather in one place. Under the theme of New Age of Energy Prosumers  Energy Democracy and Citizenship, Seoul will discuss methods to expand the roles of citizens, who are emerging as active main agents of energy production. Prosumers is a compound word of producer and consumer, referring to a new concept of consumers who not only consume energy but also produce and sell energy. They are emerging as new main agents in decision making involving energy policies.First, the conference will start with a keynote speech by Dr.John Byrne, Distinguished Professor of Delaware University, who will address the spread of renewables and the active roles of citizens in the new climate regime. Following the keynote, there will be a special session with Gregory H. Kats, President of Capital E and national clean energy advisory, to discuss actual solutions for energy efficiency and conservation to achieve urban sustainability.
Session I will address the challenges of creating the energy prosumer cities and approaching methods for the expansion of the energy prosumer market in Korea and China. After Session I, the morning session will be concluded. The afternoon session will commence with the second keynote speech by Christine Lins, Executive Secretary of Renewable Energy Policy Network of the 21st Century (REN21), titled Global Renewable Energy Development and Outlook. In Session II, a discussion will be held on technologies and business models in a new energy system, and in Session III, on methods to expand renewables at the community level.
Lastly, in panel discussion, the panel will go over the achievements of One Less Nuclear Power Plant, Seouls major energy initiative, and have in-depth discussions about the expanded roles of citizens in the energy policy making and implementation processes.In particular, this year witnessed various energy related issues, from global issues such as the implementation of the Paris Climate Agreement, to domestic issues calling for changes in national energy policies such as climate change, heat wave, disputes over progressive electricity rates, and nuclear and thermal power generation. Therefore, this years conference is expected to suggest various ideas to address energy related issues here in Korea and around the world.This years Seoul International Energy Conference is free and open to the general public. To participate in the conference, visit the website (www.siec2016.co.kr) and enroll in advance. 
 A total of 100,000 fireworks will light up the sky over Yeouido.2016 Seoul International Fireworks Festival featuring with Hanwha, celebrating its 14th event this year, will be held from 7:20 to 8:30 PM on Oct. 8th, 2016 at Yeouido Hangang Park, with over 100,000 fireworks. Fireworks teams from Japan, Spain and Korea will participate in this years festival and a variety of 100,000 amazing fireworks will cover the sky on an autumn night. This years fireworks festival, which will light up the largest canvas of the sky for 80 minutes, will present magical memories and a pleasuring experience to citizens.The festival will be opened by Japans Tamaya Kitahara Fireworks, under the theme of Turn Your Magic On, displaying Japans uniqueness with variations and gradations of color. The second team, Spains Pirotecnia Igual, which was invited for the first time this year, will present rhythmic fireworks along with music under the theme of Magic Light Dreams. Hanwha, representing Korea, will present the grand finale to deliver the message of Magical Fireworks. They will present fireworks featuring various stories with images, fireworks, and special effect sounds using storytelling.Watch 2016 Seoul International Fireworks Festival online at www.hanwhafireworks.com  1. Romantic places for lovers
 The Seoul Metropolitan Government is developing and implementing a number of city policies for communication with citizens and spreading social culture through social media, a medium that has been established as a new communication trend. As a part of such efforts, Seoul is hosting the 2016 Seoul International Social Conference, in which experts of Social Networking Service (SNS) will participate, exploring and identifying global social trends. Title: 2016 Seoul International Social Conference
Forbes, one of the three most famous American business magazines, introduced Seoul Mayor Park Won-Soon in its article, titled Korean Mayor Crusades Against Samsung, Hyundai In Bid To Boost Countrys SME, on Sep. 26th, 2016. It also introduced Park as the Mayor of economic democratization city leading the movement against domination of the South Korean economy by enormous conglomerates known as the chaebol.Forbes mentioned Parks days as a founder of the Peoples Solidarity for Participatory Democracy. It also said Park is working to deal with difficulties of the Korean economy, such as an unemployment rate of nearly 10% among young people between 15 and 29 years old. Park declared Seoul an economic democratization city to revitalize Koreas stagnating economy.In addition, the magazine introduced Parks campaign to promote Seoul at a demo day featuring Korean start-ups ripe for investment in order to support small and medium enterprises (SMEs) and start-ups. It also introduced Parks plan to make full use of Seouls characteristics with large numbers of universities concentrated in the city and the identity of Seoul with a dynamic economy.Park was quoted as saying eliminating the gaps in our society is essential in providing hope to those who are hard-working. He also said he would support SMEs to enhance their actual competitive edge in the market and design Seouls policies for economic democratization that will help reduce the gap in our society.Read the Article at Forbes
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced a plan on Sep 26th, 2016 for the regeneration of history and humanities in front of Chandeokgung Palace, regenerating the neighborhood surrounding the Palace. Despite the meaningful political, historical, cultural and geographical associations of the area in light of its locations (formerly the center of Hanyang dosung (castle town)) and its potential to revitalize the city surrounded by the Four Big Gates of Seoul, it has not developed in line with its historical place in Seoul and lost track of its identity.For this reason, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will introduce a new approach to the regeneration of history and humanities by highlighting the fact that this area has gone through a 400-year history from Joseon Dynasty to the modern city of today. Unfortunately, many of the plans on strengthening historical identity have not been implemented.In order to implement the plan of regenerating history and humanities, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has categorized four roads in the neighborhood of Changdeokgung Palace. They are  Donhwamun-ro (Joseon dynasty),  Samil-daero (modernizing period)  Ikseon~Nakwon (modern and present age)  Seosunla-gil (present age). Donhwamun-ro: the redevelopment of roads and streets facing Changdeokgung Palace, traditional culture street
First, Donhwamun-ro, which was once the center of all the networks of roads in Joseon Dynasty, will change into a public pedestrian street toward Chandeokgung Palace. To this end, roadways will be made into pedestrian walkways step by step. Samil-daero: Centennial Memorial Space for March First Independence Movement, tour programs
Second, Samil-daero will be equipped with space for commemorating the March First Independence Movement to honor the spirit of the March First Movement, which triggered the foundation of the Republic of Korea. The value of the March First Independence Movement will be highlighted again in order for the public to see and experience historic sites which are not widely known of as of yet. Ikseon~Nakwon: Ikseon Traditional House, the recreation of newly emerging culture in the vicinity of Nakwon Arcade 
Third, the Ikseon~Nakwon area leads to an area of Nakwon Arcade~Donhwamun-ro~Seosunla-gil. The concept of the regeneration here is to create a newly emerging culture regarding food, clothing, housing, and joy so that Korean royal culture will be embodied into the life of the public.  Seosunla-gil: the existing Jewelry Specialized Neighborhood + Hand-Craft and Art Street 
Fourth, Seosunla-gil will combine the potential of the jewelry specialized neighborhood surrounding Jongmyo Shrine and the creative growth engine of youth craftspeople so that crafts, culture, and human beings are in harmony in this Hand-Craft and Art Street.
 After the earthquakes that struck Gyeongju and surrounding areas, the Seoul Metropolitan Government recognized that the Korean peninsula is no longer in an earthquake-safe zone. To build a strong Seoul against earthquakes, Seoul is concentrating all of the citys capacity on carrying out comprehensive measures against earthquakes.These comprehensive measures against earthquakes have drastically reinforced the Comprehensive Earthquake Disaster Prevention Plan established in June 2016. The main contents of the new measures are  enhanced earthquake resistance for the buildings most frequently used by citizens  improved distribution system of earthquake occurrence information  establishment of earthquake acceleration measuring equipment and an integrated system  and expanded experimental training and education.A seismic capacity assessment of 251 out of 1,334 public buildings under the jurisdiction of the city, in which seismic capacity has not yet been built, will be completed by 2017. In addition, according to the assessment results, seismic reinforcement will be swiftly conducted through annual plans. For the subway, which is heavily used by citizens, reinforcement work of 53.2  required for seismic reinforcement has been under way in stages since March, 2013, to meet the seismic guideline (a 6.3-magnitude earthquake). The reinforcement work will be completed by 2010. In addition, seismic reinforcement work for road facilities, such as bridges and underground roadways, which currently have 82% earthquake resistance, will be completed by 2019.The installment of earthquake acceleration measuring equipment, which is currently installed at 13 facilities including Seoul City Hall, will be expanded. This means that when an earthquake occurs, seismic vibrations can be detected and damages analyzed. Analysis of the measured data can be utilized to study seismic characteristics.To provide citizens with disaster related information, such as citizen safety guidelines specialized for Seoul, the tentatively-named Seoul Safety App will be introduced by the first half of 2017. If the system is established, users will be able to easily locate necessary facilities on a map in the event of a disaster, such as citizen shelters or medical supply facilities.
A 31,000 -wide underground city will be constructed in and around Seoul City Hall, reaching to Sejong-daero. Seoul will build a new underground passenger road between the formerly-disconnected City Hall Station to Gwanghwamun Station, connecting the ground levels of large buildings including City Hall, the former National Tax Service Annex Building, and the Press Center. With this plan, ground and underground commercial, culture and rest will be connected to create a three-dimensional walking environment. Furthermore, this will pave a 4.5 km long underground passage from Jonggak Station, Gwanghwamun Station, and City Hall Station to Dongdaemun History Museum Park Station.Seoul City plans to cooperate with the private sector in executing this project. There have been many cases in which underground pedestrian roads have led to individual buildings. However, this is the first time that the private and the public sectors will cooperate to connect large-scale buildings and public infrastructure as part of urban planning.Many commercial facilities will be established underground. Public facilities such a book caf will open below Mugyo Park. In addition, the History and Culture Space which is scheduled to be completed by June, 2018 underground of the former NTS Namdaemun Annex Building will provide visitors a cultural space where you can learn and take a rest.Moreover, Seoul-type Town Management Project will be test-operated in this area. It aims to unite and facilitate the prosperity of nearby local commercial districts through software contents such as cultural and promotional events.
 A shoeshine boy, a bus conductress, and a police officer, who have come with their dreams to Myeong-dong, laugh, chat, and dance in their busy daily life. One day, a poor postman from the countryside falls in love at first sight with an actress visiting a boutique in Myeong-dongwill she say yes?
 The postman distributes wedding invitations to the audience in the street and asks them to wish for his successful marriage proposal. As soon as the audience opens their envelopes, a pleasant wedding scene full of guests unfolds in front of them. Nonverbal performance with gestures and music
The Seoul Design Foundation is holding a special exhibition AGI Special Project during Seoul Design Week 2016 between Sept. 25 and Sept. 29, 2016. The event is being held at DDP under the theme I LOVE SEOUL, and will feature posters made by members of Alliance Graphique Internationale (AGI).Established in 1952 in London, the AGI has more than 400 members, and is comprised of highly regarded graphic designers from 38 countries, including Milton Glaser, famous for the INY logo, and Hara Kenya, the Art Director of Japans MUJI. Effective September 25th, DDP and bus stop shelters in Seoul started displaying posters made by 100-plus graphic designers who are taking part in AGI Seoul 2016 under the themes I LOVE SEOUL and ISEOULU. 151 posters under the theme I LOVE SEOUL are displayed at DDP and 44 posters under the themes I LOVE SEOUL & ISEOULU are displayed outdoors in places like bus stop shelters. Posters are made by more than 100 AGI members. The event at DDP is until Sept. 29 and the outdoor event is until Nov. 30.
Seoul Design Week 2016, a festival open to all, is being held from Sept. 22 to Oct. 2 at and around Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP).The annual event hosted by the Seoul Design Foundation is being held under the theme Smart City, Smart Design, Smart Life. Feature programs include: Smart Design Smart Life Exhibition 2016, which presents Appcessory as a way of accessing a new smart life, where people can enjoy sustainable life efficiently, voluntarily, and harmoniously together with others 2016 Seoul Smart Mobility International Conference/Exhibition, for discussions and hands-on experience of future transportation systems of Seoul 2016 Universal Design Seoul Exhibition/Seminar, where visitors have the chance to see examples of universal design-related stories applied to peoples everyday lives and view a debate session featuring international experts 2016 Seoul Handicrafts Expo, concerning changes in the tableware used at ordinary Korean houses along with changes in the way meals are served and the AGI OPEN SEOUL 2016, a design-related lecture session, where members of the Alliance Graphique Internationale (AGI) share their ideas and philosophy with ordinary people.The AGI Special Project, the most important event of the AGI Open 2016, will introduce more than 200 works of art created by AGI members under the theme I Love Seoul, plus more than 50 pieces made by Korean designers. An attempt will be made for new graphic interpretation and film design production of Seouls city brand ISEOULU in collaboration with AGI Korea.At Beijing Design Week (between Sept. 26 and Oct. 6), for which Seoul has been selected as a guest city, efforts will be made to share the theme of the Seoul event and hold a variety of events.For inquiries, please contact Jeong Hyo-soon, head of the International Relations Team for the Seoul Design Foundation at Seoul Design Week 2016 (TEL : 02-2096-0118 / E-mail : hyou98@seouldesign.or.kr).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is holding the Seoul Youth Forum on the Urban SDGs under the theme of Engaging Youth, Sustainable Cities, and a Better Future at the Seoul Olympic Parktel from Sept. 30 until Oct. 3. The event is being held to encourage young people to grow as world citizens and take part in efforts to solve social problems by selecting subjects close to them in connection with the discussion about the SDGs announced by the UN in September 2015 and efforts for putting those ideas into practice.  Major content of the event: action planning by sub-areas on the theme of the SDGs by young Koreans and young people from cities maintaining sisterly ties with Seoul experts lectures on the theme exchanges among participants.
 No participation feeThe following institutions will introduce the relevant agenda items to participants and provide support for their workshop activities: the Korea Chapter of the SDSN (Sustainable Development Solution Network), which was launched in 2012 by the UN for the provision of professional technology for sustainable development and the realization of objectives of sustainable development and the office in Korea of the ICLEI  Local Governments for Sustainability, for which Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon serves as the chairman. Participants are selected from college-age young people from across the world, with a priority on those from Seouls sister cities. Those interested must submit their applications online by Sept. 22. All programs are carried out in EnglishFor details including how to apply, please visit the homepage of the Seoul Youth Center for Cultural Exchanges (www.mizy.net) or call 070-4667-3772.
On the occasion of the second Seoul Bike Festival, the SMG is planning to amaze visitors with a variety of enjoyable programs. The 2016 Seoul Bike Festival is being held along the Cheonggyecheon Stream and at Seoul Plaza from Sept. 24 (Sat.) through to Sept. 26. Several exciting bike-themed events will be held along the water banks and on the five bridges between Cheonggye Plaza and Samilgyo (Bridge) on Sept. 24 and 25, and at Seoul Plaza on Sept. 26.For an application to attend one of the events, or to make an inquiry, please visit the second Seoul Bike Festival facebook page (www.facebook.com/seoulbikefestival).Four programs of the Seoul Bike Festival 2016 An open contest, A Day of Ddareungi 
To celebrate the first anniversary of the launch of Seouls bike sharing system, there will be a photo and video contest centered on peoples positive experiences using the Ddareeungi system. With over 130,000 people currently subscribed to Ddareungi, we know that there are many great stories out there and we want to see and hear them!  A Parade of Unusual Bikes
This is a special event for displaying your unique and creative bikes and biker clothing, to demonstrate you and your family members unusual bike-riding skills, to invite others to join your unique clubs for bike lovers, and to show off anything else bike-related that you think other riders would find interesting! Deadline for participant application: Sept. 23. (Up to 100 people in order of application) Reminder to married couples to join us on a wedding bike!
Couples riding wedding bikes will run along the Cheonggyecheon Stream, with many people cheering and giving their blessings. Ten couples will be selected among those who submit applications before Sept. 23, on a first-come-first-serve basis. Night Owl Film Festival
Bike-related films selected by people through the festival facebook page will be shown at Cheonggye Plaza at 6:00 PM on Sept. 24. On Sept. 26, the last day of the Seoul Bike Festival 2016, the Asian Cities Bike Forum (ACBF) will convene, and Mayors from 15 Asian cities, along with over 50 bike experts will discuss a policy for improving bike users daily experience. It is expected that the Seoul Bike Festival 2016 will emerge as a festival enjoyed by people throughout Asia, and will promote future cooperation among our neighboring cities. Those interested in bike riding are invited to enroll and take part in the forum through (http://acbf-seoul2016.org).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will begin tentative operations of a color guideline program at irregular-shaped intersections beginning in September. Irregularly-shaped intersections and intersections with obstacles are a frequent accident spot, as cars often enter from the wrong direction out of confusion, or cross each other on the lane. As of 2015, the number of accidents in Seoul had remained constant for the past five years however, accidents on intersections increased by 9%. In response, Seoul selected three irregular-shaped intersections (Yeongdeungpo Rotary, Isu Intersection, and Noksapyeong Intersection) and installed a pink guideline for drivers to follow with ease.
The City Government will monitor the three test spots and conduct a quantitative effect analysis for the extensive application in 2017. In addition, it plans to carry out a survey on drivers to collect user opinions and to provide accurate information on how to use the pink line, which will be eventually incorporated into establishing a more effective operation system.
On September 7, 2016, Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon suggested that efforts should be made to get over the current world economic crisis through innovation based on the social economy at the Global Social Economy Forum (GSEF) 2016 held in Montreal, Canada, speaking as the representative of the first host city of the GSEF.The GSEF, established in 2014 in Seoul, is an international networking platform in social economy formed to discuss how to invigorate regional economy among mayors, international organization representatives, and social economy leaders. More than two thousand people attended the second forum held in Montreal on the theme of innovative and sustainable urban development  collaboration between local governments and social economic organization.At his speech at the opening ceremony, Mayor Park Won-soon stressed the importance of the social economy as a new paradigm for overcoming inequality and the current global economic crisis. After the speech, he met mayors of Montreal, Mondragon, and cities of Japan to listen to the results of their efforts made to enhance the social economy. Montreal, in particular, is said to be carrying out positive activities, including research related to the social economy. Commenting on his attendance at the forum, Mr. Park Won-soon said, The GSEF is a venue for those sharing the idea that the solution to the current global economic crisis will be found in the social economy. We looked back at the spirit of the Seoul Declaration (2013). Ill continue to strive to have the forum serve as the core hub in the efforts towards sustainable development based on the social economy as an individual representing the first host city.
Mayor Park Won-soon met opinion leaders in New York, and discussed how to solve urban problems and asked for their collaboration with the SMG. The opinion leaders he spoke with are individuals who have presented solutions to social problems faced by the current generation. One of the opinion leaders whom Mr. Park Won-soon visited to on Sept. 6 was Prof. Joseph Stiglitz of Columbia University. He received the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences in 2001 for his information asymmetry theory. The two exchanged opinions on the subject of solutions to inequality, a problem of increasing severity in many areas such as income, education, regional development, and politics.The SMG announced the vision of Seoul, A City of Economic Democratization last February in a bid to put an end to inequalities, imbalances throughout society, and injustices through an all-out effort and help all people share the benefits of economic growth. Mr. Park Won-soon also met with Arianna Huffington, the co-founder and former editor-in-chief of The Huffington Post. The two exchanged opinions on innovative organizational growth, expansion of the functions of press media through diversification, and a change in the flow of the American press media through the operation of media in which people participate. 
Mayor Park Won-soon paid a visit to a site in New York known for urban regeneration through the use of idle underground spaces to benchmark how New York did achieve urban regeneration. The mayor visited in hopes of improving the SMGs projects such as the Seoul Station 7017 Project and the Dasiseun Project for regeneration of the sites left over from the industrialization period.During his recent visit to the United States and Canada, Mr. Park Won-soon paid an inspection visit on Sept. 5 to Lowline Lab of New York, slated to be opened to the public in 2021. Lowline (2012-2021) is a project for the formation of the worlds first underground park by renovating the past tramcar terminal (sized 4,046), which has been left idle since 1948. The project provides a valuable lesson for the SMG regarding its own plans for urban regeneration through utilization of downtown infrastructure, governance, environmentally-friendliness, local development, and other related areas.In particular, the SMG is paying attention to the possibility of the creation of jobs for young people offered by New Yorks project through the participation of young people, including local high school students in the initial planning stage, and promotion of the project through governance in the private sector. The SMG is considering benchmarking the cases of creative urban generation in foreign countries, like Lowline, and is studying ways for the utilization of downtown infrastructure facilities left idle.
A 22-member delegation featuring high-ranking officials and led by the Mayor of Addis Ababa, Diriba Kuma, visited Seoul to benchmark Seouls policies.From the delegation, which included a variety of members, from the mayor, to working-level officials, to university professors, Addis Ababa will systematically become familiar with Seouls sustainable urban planning policies and the problem solving tools used by Seoul, with the goal of using Seouls policies as a comprehensive solution to actual policy challenges in Ethiopia. With the education session during this trip as a beginning, the city plans to expand the visits to Seoul for policy education programs to all city officials by 2018. Seoul held educational sessions to highlight and share its policy success cases and provided a customized program of capacity building for the delegation led by the Mayor of Addis Ababa over five days from August 29 to September 2.The education programs were successful thanks to the active involvement of Addis Ababa and support from the World Bank (International Bank for Reconstruction and Development, IBRD). In order to establish and implement comprehensive urban development plans, Addis Ababa examined city studied development cases of cities around the world for several years, finally selecting Seoul as a role model for smart and sustainable urban development. During these education sessions, Seoul introduced the process of master plan establishment and implementation according to current urban development processes, and provided ample examples.The curriculum consisted of a basic education of Seouls history and urban planning, focusing on transportation, housing, environment, and waste, themes requested by Addis Ababa. In addition, the curriculum covered comprehensive and systematic contents, including measures for creating organization, communication with citizens, and civil cooperation, which are necessary for the implementation of policies.  The delegation visited sites of major policies and projects, including Cheonggyecheon stream, Transport Operation and Information Service (TOPIS), and Mapo Resource Recovery Facility, and experienced the bus transfer system of Seoul by using the public transportation by themselves.
On Friday, September 2, the last day of the education program, the delegation led by the Mayor of Addis Ababa visited Seoul City Hall and discussed continuous cooperative measures for urban development plans with Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon. Seoul and Addis Ababa signed memorandums of understanding (MOUs) to carry out follow-up education programs. Seoul has shared 38 successful policies with 32 cities including Addis Ababa. In addition, Seoul is cooperating with the World Bank and other multilateral development banks, such as Asian Development Bank, to share policies that help developing countries grow. In addition, Seoul is working hard to meet its Sustainable development goals (SDG) through bilateral and multilateral cooperation.
Mayor Park Won-soon is visiting New York, Montreal, and San Francisco from Sept. 4 until Sept. 12 to attend the second meeting of the Global Social Economy Forum (GSEF) held from Sept. 7 to 9 in Montreal, Canada (The forum was launched in Seoul in 2014) also, he is going to attend a special event held to commemorate the 40th anniversary of the sisterly ties formed between Seoul and San Francisco. During the visit, he will discuss with officials of the three cities matters concerning how to expand social economy, urban regeneration, and how to increase jobs for young people.As the chairman of the GSEF, Mr. Park Won-soon will propose the use of an increased social economy to overcome the current global economic crisis, and will strive to have the GSEF, which is the only international networking platform in the social economy sector, recognized as an international body with practical influence. During the visit to North America, he will also visit places where jobs for young people are being created. In San Francisco, he and San Francisco Mayor Edwin Lee will attend a special event associated with Seoul Day in San Francisco, designed to build stronger friendships between the people of the two cities.Commenting on his visit to North America, the Seoul Mayor said, I will avail myself of this visit as a new momentum for jointly striving towards collaboration, and to brace for the new normal era, when factors like low growth, high unemployment rate, and high risks become commonplace. 
Seoul is pushing ahead with the 2030 Housing Project for Young People, providing rental housing for young people in 2016. With this project, Seoul will provide assistance for three years for such items as expanding the use of private land in station influence areas temporarily, streamlining the process, and tax benefits. For the project, private companies will build rental houses with 100% of living space to give young people the priority to move into the rental houses. Two areas were selected for the pilot project,  Hangangno 2-ga (22, Baekbeom-ro 99ga-gil, Yongsan-gu, 1,088 houses)  Chungjeongno 3-ga (18, Kyonggidae-ro, Seodaemun-gu, 499 houses), and a total of 1,587 housing unit (420 public, 1,167 private) will be provided.In particular, Seoul will go further than providing housing by installing a startup support center, education facilities, and concert/exhibition halls in the residence buildings to offer various youth community facilities, thereby creating Youth villages where four sectors of the 2020 Seoul Youth Guarantee plan (a place to live, a place to work, a place for roots, and a place to relax) coexist. In addition, youth community facilities will be expanded by utilizing public contributions. Inquiry: Rental Housing Management Division 02-2133-4934
The 2016 Seoul Book Festival, Library! Robot? will be held from September 2 to 3, 2016 in Seoul Plaza.The 2016 Seoul Book Festival will feature various programs with information about the future of society and technology under the theme of Robot. The Seoul Book Festival meets citizens with books and information with different themes each year. This years festival will have four sections featuring libraries, publishers, bookstores, and citizens book clubs, all members of the book community.
First, Festival Library, a special library, will be opened during the festival. The Festival Library is a library specializing in robots in which librarians from 16 libraries, such as State, universities, and public libraries, will participate, including four directors and ten intern librarians.Publishers will communicate with citizens with publication information and book support programs under the theme of Delicious Publication, with divided sections for children, adolescents, and adults.The Traveling Library will introduce various book stores in Seoul and their management strategies. 1,000 books selected books about robots will be sold in this section.The Book Clubs Room + Question Mark Stage will offer a program, Human and Robot, Talks about the Future, which is planned and prepared by citizens from 100 book clubs in Seoul, and Talk Concert, for having a conversation about future society and technology.Moonlight Reading is the main program of the Seoul Book Festival, where children and the elderly can enjoy reading together at Autumn Night Plaza. This year, people can enjoy listening to novels about robots read by librarians, along with movies about robots and other performances. 2016 Seoul book festival Library! Robot? ScheduleInquiry: Seoul Metropolitan Library 02-2133-0226
The Seoul Global Startup Center is opening its 2,255-square meter space for new startups from around the world at the Najin Electronic World, located in Yongsan-gu, Seoul. The first project to recruit tenant companies has attracted 607 participants of 252 teams from 52 countries, along with various business groups. 50 teams that are expected to contribute to the improvement of the foreigner startup environment in Korea and economic development of Seoul were selected after a document evaluation and interview process.After a one-month pilot incubating program in September 2016, 40 finalists will be selected and provided with free office space and funding vouchers worth 10 million won.   Location: Najin Electronic World Bldg. 14 (3rd floor), Hangang-ro 3(sam)-ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul
  Targets: Local and foreign entrepreneurs establishing a new business with an innovative business idea or who are in the beginning stages of business (less than three years)
  Overseas expansion: support local companies to advance overseas through business exchanges (corporate exchange programs), participation in overseas demonstrations/promotional activities (overseas networking), and local consulting services in the areas of law, patents, and logistics 
More than 300 people from 34 cities (including Seoul, Aspen of the United States, Tokyo, and Warsaw) around the world the world and officials of international bodies including the UCLG (United Cities and Local Governments) and the UN-HABITAT will hold an international forum for discussions on address climate change at Seoul City Hall on Sept. 1 and 2 of this year.The forum, which is cosponsored by Seoul and the ICLEI  Local Governments for Sustainability, is a routinized session of the World Mayors Forum, which was held in April 2015 during the ICLEI World Congress Seoul 2015. It serves as an occasion for cities and local governments to present and share their voluntary greenhouse reduction objectives, as well as concrete strategies for putting these objectives into practice prior to an agreement being reached by their central governments. At last years forum, the mayors of Johannesburg, Montreal, San Rafael, Nantes, and Paris announced how they would put their greenhouse reduction objectives into practice in consideration of their local circumstances. In his closing speech, Seoul mayor Park Won-soon declared the Seoul Action Plan, designed to urge the other cities positive participation.At this years forum, which is held under the theme of Promises Made by Local Governments to Address Climate Change as Leaders in the Paris Climate Accord, participants will discuss what role cities and local governments can play to attain their own greenhouse reduction objectives.
The role of cities and local governments has become more important with the implementation of the New Climate Regime following the Paris Climate Accord, reached in December 2015. On Sept. 2, the last day of the forum, they will announce major proclamations and deliver them to the 22nd UNFCCC COP22 held in Marrakesh, Morocco in November this year.On Sept. 1, the first day of the forum, Secretary General Lee Hoi-seong of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) and Sir David King, the United Kingdoms permanent Special Representative for Climate Change, will deliver keynote speeches on the importance of the role of cities in addressing climate change. Their keynote speeches will be followed by mayors presentations and discussions of cities putting climate change objectives into practice (e.g. Seoul, Addis Ababa of Ethiopia, Simla of India, New Taipei of Taiwan, and others) Session I will explore the role of cities in laying the basis of execution of the Paris Climate Accord (which is discussed in Session II), and Session III will discuss the promotion of low carbon resilient development through completely renewable energy.At Session I (on Sept. 1) for introduction of exemplary cases of coping with climate change, Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon will share what his city has done to address climate change, including a highly successful energy saving campaign. At Session II (on Sept. 2), the second congress of the Global Learning City Network (GLCN) for sustainable public purchasing will be held. An interview session on how local governments will raise funds for climate action will also be held.At Session III (on September 2), major statements will be adopted on the path to COP22 for the successful execution of the Paris Climate Accord, prior to their subsequent delivery to the 22nd UNFCCC COP22 slated for November this year. The SMG expects that this forum will serve as momentum towards the enhancement of the role of cities and local governments in matters for resolving issues of climate change through cities of the world sharing their knowhow with each other, discussion of their new roles following the Paris Climate Accord, and more positive exchanges and cooperation among them in relevant efforts, including the expansion of sustainable public purchasing and increase in financial support. Individuals and organizations interested in the forum may register themselves for the forum by visiting the homepage (http://www.seoulmayorsforum2016.org).
A festival was held in Seoul in commemoration of the 20th anniversary of sisterly ties made between Seoul and the Vietnamese capital, Hanoi.During the Hanoi Day (Aug. 18  21) event, Vietnamese traditional performances were held and photos introducing the country were displayed at Cheonggye Plaza. The events were expected to get Seoul residents more acquainted with the city of Hanoi. In addition, businesspeople of the two cities attended a forum where those from Hanoi provided information for those from Seoul planning to start a business in Vietnam. So far, the SMG has exchanged delegations with Hanoi and shared its exemplary policy measures in sectors like planning for future roads, transportation, and how to develop streams inside the city, such as Cheonggyecheon Stream, with Hanoi. The most noticeable sector where the two cities have collaborated with each other has been e-Government. In 2005, the two cities signed an MOU for mutual cooperation in e-Government. Officials of the SMG attended a symposium held in Hanoi in 2006, and Hanoi became a member of WeGO (World e-Governments Organization of Cities and Local Governments), an SMG-led body, in 2014. Commenting on the event, an official representing the SMG said that the event was a good opportunity to solidify the basis of the relationship of mutual goodwill between the two cities, and will help people of the two cities understand each other better. The official also said that the SMG will continue to strive to collaborate with Hanoi in sectors like e-Government, culture, tourism, and urban planning.
The SMG is holding an event designed to help subway passengers have a first-hand experience of its brand ISEOULU, which signifies the connection between I and you through Seoul, between Aug. 20, 2016 and Oct. 20, 2016.Using the Ghost Leg game lapped on the subway train floor (Subway Line 6), subway passengers are encouraged to greet the person on a seat in the opposite row with a nod or high five.The SMG expects that the event will give subway passengers the opportunity to talk to each other, rather than simply focusing on smart phones, and feel a little pleasure in their commutes. 
The SMG will hold the Seoul Youth Parliament this year, as it did last year. The session held this year displays collaboration among the private sector, bureaucrats, and the government as a project cosponsored by the Seoul Youth Policy Network and the Youth Development Special Committee of the Seoul Youth Parliament. The Seoul Youth Parliament is one of the policy governance associations that take part in the SMGs process of youth policy formulation. It was adopted last year on a trial basis.The 139 Seoul Youth Parliament members were appointed among those recommended by the 400-plus members of the Seoul Youth Policy Network. The Seoul Youth Policy Network is a youth policy governance association that has been operated by the SMG since 2013. Its members are composed of young people aged 19-39 residing in Seoul or carrying out activities based in Seoul. The Network members appointed in April of this year took part in an initiation camp (with 200-plus people attending) and have carried out other activities since, such as local youth exchange sessions and informal policy-related meetings with officials of the SMG and members of the Seoul Metropolitan Council. The Seoul Youth Parliament members have reviewed the SMGs youth policies in areas such as employment, labor, housing, debts, bikes, pollution caused by dust particles, culture, health, youth allowance, the handicapped, civic education, and others at the session of the 11 sub-divisions. The sub-divisions have come up with nine youth-related policy measures, including how to cope with vacancy occurring in cooperative-type public housing and measures for one-person households (mostly of young people). The measures will be conveyed to the Seoul Mayor through the relevant manager-level officials. Commenting on the activities carried out by the Seoul Youth Parliament members, Mayor Park Won-soon said, Many good policy ideas are created by those who are there. I hope they identify our policy loopholes and come up with meaningful policy measures in response. We at the SMG will provide positive support for them so that they may prepare themselves for their roles as the future leaders of society.
Effective August 2016, the SMG will apply the so-called Park Won-soon Act, an anti-bribery law, to all SMG-invested institutions. The Act, which prohibits officials at the SMG and its affiliates from receiving even 1,000 won in bribery, was adopted in 2014.The new measure is part of the Uprightness Campaign, which is composed of 14 detailed steps under the three strategies:  reduction of corruption,  enhancement of integrity, and  together with people. Please see the following for further details.-Reduction of corruption  The auditing function will be focused on sectors prone to corruption, including programs entrusted to the private sector and subsidy-provided programs.First, the SMG will carry out stringent audits on sectors prone to corruption and check to see whether results are achieved adequately for programs specifically carried out by it such as neighborhood community and urban specialization industry programs. Officials failing to comply with instructions for remedial steps given by inspectors within the designated timeframe will be punished.-Enhancement of integrity  Dissipation of for rewarding integrity
The SMG will operate the 13-member Uprightness Policy Advisory Committee, composed of scholars, individuals from civic organizations, and the press, to monitor the process of establishing, executing, and evaluating the SMGs integrity-related policies, while giving relevant advice and proposing policies.-Together with people   Operation of the Public-Good Audit Corps
The SMG will operate the 13-member Public-Good Audit Corps, composed of public accountants, attorneys, and tax accountants, to monitor programs entrusted to the private sector and subsidy-provided programs. The corps will be made to carry out activities in full strength starting next year after a pilot operation in the second half of this year.For inquiries, please call the officers responsible for investigations (02-2133-3083) and for audits (02-2133-1893).
2016 Seoul Culture Night will feature a tour of Taereung Training Center from August 26.2016 Seoul Culture Night will be held for two days from August 26 to 27 at various locations around Seoul, including Seoul Plaza and Taereung National Training Center. 2016 Seoul Culture Night, held for the eighth time this year, is a night festival where Seoul citizens can enjoy a variety of cultural arts along with Seouls history, culture, and nature. This years event will mark the 2016 Rio Olympics, visiting Taereung National Training Center (Nowon-gu, Seoul), an exciting place where dreams of Korean national sports team are formulated.Taereung National Training Center, located in Gongneung-dong, Nowon-gu, in Seoul, is the only comprehensive athletic training center of South Korea, which was built by the Korean Olympic Committee for the training of Korean national teams. Built in 1966, Taereung National Training Center gradually expanded according to yearly plans. The center is currently working hard to provide the national team with systematic and scientific training. In addition, it is nurturing young athletes with potential and running the Korea Sports Museum. The tour of Taereung National Training Center will be undertaken on the 26th, the first day of the event. The tour will be an opportunity to listen to national sports teams stories and feel their passion. All programs of 2016 Seoul Culture Night are free of charge, and advance booking is available through the Mobile Seoul app or on the website (http://m.seoul.go.kr) from August 1 to 17. For more information on 2016 Seoul Culture Night, visit the website (http://www.seoulculturenight.com). 
ISEOULU, a new brand of Seoul City, received the Red Dot Award: Communication Design 2016, one the worlds top-3 design awards, along with the International Forum Design Award of Germany and the IDEA (International Design Excellence Award) of the United States.The Red Dot Design Award is organized by Design Zentrum Nordrhein Westfalen of Germany and marks its 61st anniversary in 2016. The annual award is composed of three sectors: Product Design, Communication Design, and Concept Design. The winner of the annual award is selected among over 7,000 works submitted by individuals and organizations in over 50 countries based on design quality, innovativeness, functionality, esthetic quality, and other related factors.This year, hopeful candidates from 46 countries submitted their works in the Communication Design sector, and judges from 26 countries took part in the selection. Winners in the sector in 2015 were Audi, Pepsi, Carlsberg, LGU+, and Kia Motors. ISEOULU displays values like harmony, passion, and composure, which were selected through Seoulites participation, in a refined design. The red and blue dots before and after the word SEOUL signify passion and composure, respectively, and the entire brand indicates their coexistence. The use of  , which is one of the 14 traditional consonants of Hangeul (the Korean alphabet), in SEOUL is an attempt to indicate harmony between Asia and the western world. The Red Dot Design Award presentation ceremony will be held at the Konzerthaus Berlin (Berlin Concert House), Germany on August 11. ISEOULU, which has been selected as an award winner, will be displayed at the Red Dot Design Museum and recorded at the Red Dot Design Almanac. 
Currently, work is underway to turn an elevated motorway near Seoul Station into a pedestrian path. The work will be completed by April of next year. The SMG is holding a special event to give people a preview of the pedestrian path at the Seoul Station 7017 Info Garden to the west of Seoul Square between August 16 and November. What to see at the Info Garden
Photographs and posters will be displayed at the Info Garden on different themes each month as follows: summer holidays in August reading books in September the romantic fall season in October and a hearty welcome to the new pedestrian path in November.  Lunch Box 7017
Musicals and classical music will be performed for visitors having their lunch between noon and 1:00 PM on every Thursday in September and October. Visitors interested in watching the musicals need to make a reservation for a seat through the homepage (www.ss7017.org). Thirty seats are available for each session.Info Garden Festival
Photographs of Seoul Station and the elevated highway will be on display between October 15 and October 29. Drawings of Seoul Station and its neighborhood will be on display in November.For inquiries, please call the Seoul Station Area Development Planning Corps ( 02-2133-8688).
On Thursday, Chang Hye-jin defeated Germanys Lisa Unruh by a score of 6-2 (27-26 26-28 27-26 29-27) in the womens individual final in the Rio 2016 Summer Olympic Games at Sambodromo. Chang Hye-jin became the first double gold medalist for South Korea in Rio, winning the individual gold after securing the gold medal in the womens archery team competition. Ki Bo-bae captured bronze after overcoming Mexican archer Alejandra Valencia with a set score of 6-4 (26-25, 28-29, 26-25, 21-27, 30-25) in the semifinals. South Koreas womens archery team have proven once again to be the worlds best at the Rio Olympics, taking gold and bronze in the individual event after winning gold in the womens team event.Photos of Gocheok Sky DomeThe archery skills of South Korean athletes are honed through rigorous training. One of the more well-known training regimens is where the athletes train in a baseball stadium. The ability to concentrate at the Olympics stage, where a large crowd of people is cheering enthusiastically, has a great influence on an athletes performance. In order to improve the teams ability to adjust to the lights and noises of the audience, the Korean archery team practiced before the Rio Olympics in the Seoul Gocheok Sky Dome on August 3, while a professional baseball game was being held. The Korean archery team usually trains in outdoor ballparks, but for this special training they trained at the Seoul Gocheok Sky Dome, which is unaffected by the weather. As such, the indoor condition of the Gocheok Sky Dome was very similar to that of an actual Olympics match. Ki Bo-bae said her training to adjust to noise at the Gocheok Sky Dome was helpful in allowing her to shoot steadily and relaxed at the actual Olympics match.The gold medals, won in the womens team event and womens individual event, after the mens team event, are welcoming news, helping the Korean public forget about the hot summer heat.
For 10 days, from July 26th to August 4th, 2016, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) held an online vote for foreigners living in Korea and abroad, to select the top 3 SMG policies that attracted most interest.A total of 1,173 foreigners, from 62 countries, participated in the online vote. The Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market placed first Eungdapso, an online civil complaints management system placed second and Seoul Station 7017 Project, an integrated renewal of the Seoul Station Overpass placed third. The selected policies obtained the following votes: 253, 239 and 215 votes, from first to third place respectively. The vote was implemented through an open voting site on the SMGs homepage, in English (english.seoul.go.kr), to promote the policies of SMG to foreigners, and to facilitate convenient participation of as many people around the world as possible. Of the total 1,173 foreign participants, 167 participants were foreigners residing in Korea, and 1,006 participants were from abroad. The voting participants were classified according to the following occupational groups: 112 participants from public service and the press 347 participants from academic circles, including students 414 participants from private companies and 300 participants from other areas.Each participant was requested to cast votes on the top 3 policies, from a total of 30 policies. The 30 policies were selected based on information posted on SMGs foreign language home pages for distribution to the public, and classified into 9 main categories of economy, welfare, transportation, culture & tourism, urban regeneration, communication, environments, safety and policy for foreigners.  SMG will randomly select 200 participants by end of August, and present them with a souvenir from Seoul city to promote its new brand ISEOULU.The following were the results of voter classification by language group: Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market obtained the most votes from the English language participants Eungdapso obtained the most votes from the Simplified Chinese language participants the Seoul Station 7017 Project obtained the most votes from Traditional Chinese language participants and Visiting Community Service Center obtained the most votes from Japanese language participants.SMG will continuously plan and follow-up through communication and participation-oriented online promotion in order to make the information more interesting and accessible to people around the world, which is rigid and inaccessible foreign policies of Seoul city. Additionally, it will provide and disseminate policy related contents, to attract as much foreigner interest as possible, through effective online city marketing. Announcement Page: Link
The third match of group B between the Korean womens national handball team and the Netherlands held at Future Arena, Rio de Janeiro, on August 11 (Korean time), ended in a draw (32-32), granting the Korean national team the possibility of advancing to the quarterfinals.The Korean national team was not in a favorable situation when playing the match with the Netherlands. The key player Kim On-A (28 years old, SK Sugar Gliders) had returned home after suffering an injury during the match with Sweden. The Korean national handball team replaced Kim On-A with Song Hae-rim (31 years old, Seoul City Hall), who won the gold medal in the 2008 Asian Championship. At the beginning of the match, the Korean national handball team took the lead with a score of 7-4, as the flank attack by Choi Soo-min (26 years old, Seoul City Hall) took a favorable turn, but just 10 minutes into the second half of the match, the score became 21-26. Kwon Han-na (27 years old, Seoul City Hall) gained a foothold to chase the opposing team by succeeding the 7-meter throw twice in a row, and closed the gap to 28-29 with only 8 minutes left in the game. The Korean national team leveled the score at 32-32 with 43 left in the second half, but right before the final whistle, the Netherlands was granted a 7-meter throw as a result of a defensive fault by the Korean team. Oh Young-ran (44 years old, Incheon City Hall), the oldest member of the Korean national team as well as a veteran handball player, kept the score even, however, blocking the ball with her whole body.The Korean national team was anticipated to have a difficult match due to the missing of a key center back, but the team ended the game in a dramatic draw through teamwork, securing a well-needed point in the competition. The Korean national team will compete against France (rank 9) on August 13, and play the final preliminary match with Argentina (rank 29) on August 15. South Korea is currently ranked fifth in its group. A group is comprised of 6 countries, and the countries ranked first through fourth advance to the quarterfinals.
[An Unfinished Stage for a Korean National Fencing Team in Crisis]The South Korean fencing team emerged at the London 2012 Olympics as a rising team, winning two gold, one silver, and three bronze medals. The Korean athletes defeated their European counterparts with exceptionally quick footwork. The fencing team, which has emerged as a promising squad of the Olympic Games along with the archery team, set a goal of repeating the glory of London in Rio de Janeiro.Nevertheless, the performances so far have left much to be desired. In the individual womens pe event held on August 6 (local time), Choi In-jeong, Shin Aram, and Kang Young-mi from the Korean team challenged for medals, but all three were ultimately unsuccessful. Shin Aram lost the round of 32 match, Kang Young-mi lost the round of 16 match, and Choi In-jeong failed to pass the quarterfinals. In August 7, Heo Jun competed in the individual mens foil event, but lost the round of 32 match. Seo Ji-yeon and Hwang Seon A also lost the round of 32 match, and Kim Ji-yeon failed to win her second Olympic medal, losing the round of 16 match. None of the Korean fencers have reached the semifinals so far.The Korean national team points to the counterattack of the European fencers as the main cause of their poor performance. Six out of the seven fencers who have competed so far have been defeated by European fencers. Unlike in the London 2012 Olympics, the European fencers in Rio seem to have found an effective way to cope with the Korean fencers.Meanwhile, the story of veteran player Jeon Hee-sook (32 years old), who joined the Korean national team 12 years ago, has touched the hearts of many. She began fencing when she was in her second year of middle school, and became known as she distinguished herself in the sport, making steady advances in her game. Despite her success, many still thought of her as the second best fencer after Nam Hyun-hee, and she remained under the shadow of Nam Hyun-hee in the eyes of many fans.The 2016 FIE Foil Havana Grand Prix, held five months ago, was a sheer nightmare for Jeon. She injured her knee by colliding with her opponent during the game, and the doctor advised her to immediately undergo surgery, as the result of a medical checkup showing she had nearly no cartilage left in her knee. Jeon also had an anklebone surgery in her high school years, but managed to reach her current status, successfully having gone through rehabilitation. Jeon devoted herself to rehabilitation for three months after the latest surgery, and returned to the Korean National Training Center in the middle of June. As she had to focus on rehabilitation at a time when there were less than six months left until the Olympic Games, Jeon continued her training from 5 a.m. to 10 p.m. to make up for the lost time.Jeon, who devoted herself to competing in the Rio 2016 Olympics, made it to the round of 16 match, but despite her efforts lost her game against Aida Shanayeva from Russia, failing to be in medal contention. Jeon struggled from the beginning of the match, and in the end lost by a score of 11-15, although she made a valiant effort to close the gap in the third round.  Jeons dream was to win the gold medal for her deceased father. Although she failed to win the medal, her passion and efforts surely reached the hearts of all her fans in Korea.
The SMG is expecting to create 1,500 social contribution-related jobs for the 50+ generation (referring to those aged 50 to 64) this year. For this task, the SMG established the The SMG 50+Foundation in April 2016 and plans to spend 2.75 billion won of the 2016 budget.Under the program, individuals over the age of fifty engage in social development activities, utilizing their experience and expertise, and the SMG pays support funds for their activities. Anyone residing in Seoul can apply.The program is composed of the following types:  support for new welfare demand,  support for identifying solutions to problems associated with schools and neighborhood,  support for life design of individuals of the 50+ generation, and  support received from the Ministry of Employment and Labor, among others.As a result of such efforts, the SMG succeeded in creating 642 jobs in the first half of the year.For inquiries, please call the Seobuk 50+ Campus Job Support Office ( 070-7712-8377).
Happy news came from Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on August 7th KST. The first gold medals for the Republic of Korea in the 2016 Rio Olympics were taken by Kim Woo-jin (Cheongju City Hall), Ku Bon-chan (Hyundai Steel Co., Ltd.), and Lee Seung-yoon (Kolon X10Boys) in Mens Archery.The team won a great victory over the United States by a score of 6 to 0 (60-57, 58-57, 59-56), erasing the memories of the loss the team faced during the 2012 London Olympics, where it took home bronze medals.In order to achieve such a victory, the team practiced shooting hundreds of arrows each day, along with various drills focused on strengthening concentration skills and adjusting to lights and noises. Particularly, in order to improve the teams ability to adjust to lights and noises, the team had to practice in the Seoul Gocheok Sky Dome, with conditions similar to those of the Olympics. These drills became the key to winning the gold medals. Conditions of the dome were nearly identical to those of the Olympics stage in Brazil, where it is currently winter, with short daylight hours, and with applause and noises of the audience being amplified.After securing the gold medals, Kim Woo-jin was able to ascertain how effective training in the dome was. During an interview after the match, he stated, the pressure and lights I felt today at the stage were very similar to those of the dome, and I was able to prepare for this match effectively by recalling numerous practice sessions I had done there. Coach Park Chae-soon of the team stated, the results they showed today were definitely the best out of all of our training sessions. The team members were able to successfully adapt to the pressure that the audience put on them.In fact, utilizing a baseball stadium to practice archery has long been a tradition for the Korean archery teams. Baseball stadiums are capable of simulating various factors, such as the noise and applause that an audience makes, making those ideal locations to practice archery. Chief Manager Moon Hyung-chul chose the Seoul Gocheok Sky Dome, considering that in case of rain, the size of the audience in an open stadium would be relatively small.The Gocheok Sky Dome is the first dome-shaped stadium ever built in Korea, with a maximum attendance capacity of 25 000. During training, it was heavily crowded by fans waiting for a baseball game. The team went through training while numerous people were watching, a condition similar to that of an actual Olympics match, and thus were able to vastly increase their concentration skills.Photos of Gocheok Sky DomeWinning the gold medals for the Mens Archery Team was undoubtedly a combination of the tireless efforts of the team and the coach, and the effective training sessions that vividly simulated the conditions of the actual Olympics stage.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) is implementing a program to provide support for activities for unemployed young people (i.e. allowance paid for social participation activities: 500,000 won a month for up to six months). The SMG has selected a total of 3,000 young people eligible to begin receiving the allowance on August 3 through a qualitative/quantitative appraisal based on documents submitted between July 4 and July 15. A sum of 500,000 won was paid to each of the 2,831 people who signed the agreement as the first monthly payment on August 3. The SMG will also provide programs designed to help young people build their capabilities and explore their future paths and take part in community activities.On July 27, the SMG held a session of the selection committee and screened out applicants unfit for the SMGs program objective and those who had not submitted their activity plan through a qualitative assessment based on their motives, activity objectives, and plans. Successful applicants were eventually selected through a quantitative assessment based on factors such as  household income (50%),  period of unemployment after their graduation of school (50%), and  number of family members to be supported by them (bonus points).Commenting on the program, Mr. Jeon Hyo-gwan, an SMG official in charge of innovative planning said, There were many more applicants who really need outside support, but we had to set the number of eligible beneficiaries at 3,000 in consideration of the central governments opposition to our program. We will strive to expand the program as part of an effort to build a solid social safety net.
Stricter measures will be taken for water quality management of Arisu, the supplier of running water to households in Seoul. The number of Arisu water quality inspection items will be more than those recommended by the WHO, and water quality inspection will include inspection of radioactive materials.In a bid to supply safer piped water to residents, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will increase the number of regular Arisu water quality inspection items from 164, which was set in 2015, to 170 in 2016. The number is larger than that recommended by the WHO (163).The increase in the water quality inspection items, which includes 59 statutory items and six additional items to be supervised by the SMG, is contained in a number of amendments to the Enforcement Rules of the Seoul Water-related Municipal Ordinance promulgated on July 28, 2016. The SMG increased the inspection items to cope with changes in the quality of feed water due to climate change, and to strengthen the inspection of new materials.Even prior to 2016, the SMG carried out Arisu water quality inspection by increasing the number of water quality inspection items year after year in accordance with international standards with the goal of making Arisu water safer to drink.The six additional items to be supervised by the SMG include algal toxins occurring due to climate change, industrial chemical substances, disinfection byproducts, and radioactive materials.It is also noteworthy that the SMG plans to cope with changes in the environment proactively by including radioactive material Iodine-131 in the inspection items. In the precision inspection of artificial radionuclides carried out on feed water from the Hangang River and the purified running water supplied to households in January, no radioactive materials were detected.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will operate the Internet of Things (IoT)-based smart LED street lighting control system on wider areas starting from the second half of 2016.Under the system, the brightness of street lighting is controlled automatically by the presence or absence of people on that part of the street through the sensor attached to the lighting pole.The SMG saw a power usage reduction of 30% through the operation of the system on Mugyo-ro, Sejong-ro, and Namdaemun-ro 10-gil during a test run which began in 2014.Under the system, the brightness of street lighting for roads becomes brighter up to a distance of 100 meters in consideration of the speed of passing vehicles, and then becomes darker with the passing of the vehicles.
As for street lighting for sidewalks, their brightness becomes brighter so as not to cause inconvenience to pedestrians.A new area where the system is to be installed is Jangan Beotkkot-ro, Dongdaemun-gu. Local residents there have expressed their desire to have street lighting in back alleys of their neighborhood turned off when there are no passersby, as the lights disturb their private life.The SMG plans to install the system on a total of 260 street lighting poles on the 3.4 km section by the end of November this year, and expects that power usage will be reduced by 30% to 50% in those areas. In 2015, the power usage by street lighting in Seoul came to 145GWh, which was translated to 22.6 billion won in power rates.The SMG also expects that the wider use of the system will go a long way in settling light pollution problems. According to the June 2016 issue of Science Advances, an international journal, South Korea (89.4%) ranked second in terms of light pollution in the world, following Italy (90.3%).The SMG plans to gradually expand the system to other areas.
On July 29 (Friday), 2016 the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) and Seoul Tourism Marketing Co., Ltd. launched the Discover Seoul Pass, a one day tour pass for foreign tourists that can be used as a transportation card and admission pass to 16 tourist spots including entrance fee, such as ancient palaces in downtown Seoul, hallyu (the Korean wave) experience center, art galleries, and others.Discover Seoul Pass is a one day tour pass that must be used within 24 hours from the moment of entering the first tourist facility using the pass.In addition, the pass features the T-money function, which allows tourists to charge the card as much as they want, allowing them to use the pass when paying for transportation, at convenience stores, and at other facilities during their stay in Seoul and during future visits to Seoul.The price of Discover Seoul Pass is 39,900 won, a 70% discounted amount compared to the total entrance fee of 152,000 won that would otherwise be paid when visiting the 16 tourist facilities individually. Pass holders can therefore enjoy a benefit exceeding the pass price even if they visit only part of tourist facilities within the 24 hours. Pass holders also receive a 10% to 20% discount for the City Tour Bus during their trip. The discount rate for the various city tour courses is available at the official tourist information website of Seoul (VisitSeoul.net).The 16 tourist spots that allow admission using the pass are Gyeongbokgung Palace, Changdeokgung Palace, Changgyeonggung Palace, Deoksugung Palace, Jongmyo Shrine, Seodaemun Prison History Hall, Leeum, Samsung Museum of Art, National Museum of Contemporary Art (Seoul), Museum Kimchikan, N Seoul Tower, MBC World, K-Live Dongdaemun, Trick Eye Museum, Grvin Museum, Alive Museum, and Figure Museum W. The tourist facilities for which foreign tourists have shown high preference were selected as the final candidates through analysis of data from TripAdvisor, a global tourism review site.The SMG included various tourist spots where foreign tourists can experience Seouls culture in various forms, such as tourist spots for experiencing hallyu, art galleries, museums, and others, in addition to the major tourist attractions to allow the tourists to choose the travel route according to their personal taste.The SMG will also launch the Discover Seoul Pass App for smart phone users to provide foreign tourists with information about using the pass and detailed information regarding tourist spots that allow admission using the pass.The functions of the app include providing information regarding the 16 tourist spots as well as information in the places already visited and that can be visited by the users in the future, and counting down the remaining hours of the 24 hours available for using the pass. The app was launched in five languages (Korean, English, Simplified and Traditional Chinese, and Japanese), and can be downloaded for free from the App Store. The app can be currently downloaded from Google Play, and will be available at the App Store starting from the middle of August.The pass can be purchased at KEB Hana Bank branch located in Incheon Airport, the starting point for foreign tourists, CU convenience stores, Myeong-dong Tourist Information Center, City Tour Bus ticket office (Gwanghwamun and DDP), and others. Tourists can also make advance purchases online at VisitSeoul.net, and can receive the pass later at the Myeong-dong Tourist Information Center. The tourist information centers frequented by foreign tourists including those in Hongdae, Gwanghwamun, Dongdaemun, Seoul City Hall (Citizen Hall), and others will begin selling the pass in August.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will cooperate with WeWork, a global sharing company with 10,000 member companies, to provide space, community, and a service platform to entrepreneurs preparing for business, and actively support the overseas expansion of Korean companies.Mayor Park Won-soon met Miguel McKelvey, the co-founder of the global sharing company WeWork, and signed the MOU on July 27, 2016 to reinforce the friendly cooperation for revitalizing the innovation and creative economy of Seoul. The SMG is set to begin promoting startups and creating global business opportunities.WeWork, the worlds largest office-sharing service, has more than 100 branches in 30 different cities of the world, and nearly 10,000 companies are members of WeWork. Its core business is providing business networking between companies and building communities. The company has been rapidly expanding since it was first established in New York in 2010, and it was selected as the most innovative company in 2015 by Fast Company Magazine.Following the signing of the MOU, the first office of WeWork in Korea will open near Gangnam Station on August 1 (Monday).Miguel McKelvey, the co-founder of WeWork, said Seoul is a city that has long played the role of a hub for global enterprises, where many creative talents, entrepreneurs, and startups have gathered. He added, WeWork will actively support the global expansion of Korean companies by establishing network between multinational companies, major companies, small and medium-sized businesses that have moved into the Gangnam Station branch, and other members of the 100 branches worldwide.The SMG is hoping that the space and startup support program provided by WeWork will be a driving force for the effective overseas expansion of local startups.
Shinheung Market, located in Haebangchon, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, which was the center of the knitwear industry in the 1970s, will be transformed into an art street for textile workers and young business owners. The characterization of the area will be promoted using the art workshops of Haebangchon, revitalized by young businesspeople. An art market where residents life and art coexist will also be created by improving the general environment of Shinheung Market.
Haebangchon (Yongsan 2 ga-dong area, Yongsan-gu 332,000) is one of the targeted urban revitalization areas of Seoul, and the Revitalization of Shinheung Market was a project selected at the public briefing session for residents held in December 2015. The urban revitalization areas of Seoul receive public support of a maximum of 10 billion won for local competence reinforcement projects, expansion of anchor facilities, and others during a period of four to five years.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) plans to improve the environment of Shinheung Market by the beginning of next year by investing a budget of one billion won. The old slate roofs, which were mainly responsible for the dull and dark mood of the market, will be removed to transform Shinheung Market into a market with a view of the sky. Also, the roads will be paved, drainage will be repaired, event and rest areas will be created, and design signs, lighting, and CCTV will be installed.
In addition to efforts for environmental improvement, various ideas are being discussed for revitalizing Shinheung Market with the active participation of the Residents Association of Haebangchon Urban Regeneration, a local resident organization. The market spaces will be rented to young artists, designers, workers of knitwear industry, and others at a low price, and they will participate in planning and running a market revitalization program through talent donation and others. The SMG will ensure that they are not driven out after having revitalized the area by controlling the increase of rent for more than five years, instead of supporting a maximum of 30 million won to building owners for remodeling of their building.
On July 25, 2016, Mayor Park Won-soon opened the Mayors office in Haebangchon to gather residents opinions on the urban regeneration plan for Haebangchon that will be established at the end of this year, and discussed detailed support measures for resolving pending issues of the area.
Mayor Park Won-soon said, Shinheung Market, developed in the early 1960s in Haebangchon, a shantytown area, was home to ordinary citizens holding a memory of nearly 50 years. He added, Haebangchon has recently become a popular area among young people however, worn-out low-rise residential areas and Shinheung Market are problems that need to be solved. I will take this opportunity to listen to the various opinions of Haebangchon residents, and carry out the urban regeneration project based on those voices.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) is set to announce a comprehensive plan comprised of four fields for supporting small businesses, and will operate the comprehensive support system with the goal of strengthening the competitiveness of small business workers and helping them become institutionally protected, as they are all too frequently left economically vulnerable.As the first step of the comprehensive support system, the SMG will operate the Seoul Private Business Support Center, which will provide a one-stop support service for small businesses. The center, in cooperation with 10 private enterprises and support groups, will support small businesses by combining private funds and expertise. Providing a customized one-stop service by life cycleFirst, information about overcrowded industries and start-up risks are provided through local business analysis services using big data to prevent people from starting businesses without sufficient preparation. Starting in 2016, the SMG began the analysis service for 1,008 local businesses, and after 2017 it will expand and enhance the service.For small business cooperatives comprised of more than three private businesses preparing facilities and marketing business plans, the SMG supports a maximum of 100-million-won business expenses (10% self-pay) for tasks such as securing joint facilities, developing a co-brand, maintaining the neighboring environment of the store, and others. Revitalizing the local businesses with resident participation and creating a healthy ecosystem of private businessesThe SMG helps autonomous districts, businessmen, and residents be the main agents of their local economies by encouraging them to play a leading role in revitalizing local businesses, and reinforces the provision of sales areas, securing of distribution networks, and marketing support for small business owners by operating night markets and city markets.The night markets and city markets will be expanded and transformed into tourist attractions with various forms of entertainment such as culture, food, and others. Using the advantages of urban markets operating in various places throughout the downtown area, the SMG provides an opportunity to citizens for excitement and new experiences. Providing an annual financial support of 1 trillion won and resolving issues relating to financial blind spotsThe SMG will provide an annual financial support of 1 trillion won for small businesses with low credit scores that have difficulties in securing funds in order to afford them stable management. Supporting the commercial building lease and franchise protection, and the coexistence of the large, medium, and small distribution industryThe SMG has introduced a long-term security system for commercial buildings to create an environment in which small businesses can do business without constraint, and now supports business owners who are paying rent to do business without having to worry about moving their workplace by supporting the capitalization of commercial buildings, and also provides assistance in dispute conciliation and damage relief relating to commercial building leases.Inquiries: Small Business Support Division 02-2133-5533, Private Business Support Center 02-2174-5218
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will open onsite Mayoral offices in the four leading areas of urban regeneration from July 20 (Wed.) to July 26 (Tue.), 2016 to inspect the areas and listen to the opinions of residents.It will be an occasion for Mayor Park Won-soon to communicate in person with local residents to encourage the participation of local residents in the urban regeneration project based on the performance of the project implementation so far, and to find out if there are any difficulties in finalizing the implementation of the project and what additional support the SMG needs to provide.The four areas where the onsite Mayors office will open are Changshin and Sungin area, Haebangchon area, Castle Village in Haengchon area, and Sansae Village (Sinsa-dong, Eunpyeong-gu area).The Changshin and Sungin areas, where an onsite Mayors office will open on July 20 (Wed.) at 10 a.m, is the first leading area of urban regeneration designated after the SMG changed the residential renewal paradigm from redevelopment through total demolition to urban regeneration by neighborhood unit. It is the area in which the urban regeneration project is currently being promoted most actively.The onsite Mayors office will open in the Haebangchon area on July 25 (Mon.) at 8 a.m The Haebangchon area is where urban regeneration is being promoted to revive stagnant local businesses by revitalizing the traditional Sinheung Market in cooperation with local residents.The Castle Village in the Haengchon area is developing an urban agriculture profit model with resident participation based on the decision to transform the area into a model neighborhood of urban agriculture, having collected the opinions of residents in the process of establishing the regeneration plan. The onsite Mayors office will open on July 25 (Mon.) at 2:30 p.m.Sansae Village is considered to be a model area of residential environment management project, as it actively promotes the regeneration project for outworn low-rise residential areas. The onsite Mayors office will open on July 26 (Tue.) at 10 a.m to inspect the various sites of urban regeneration and listen to the opinions of residents.The SMG plans to reflect the opinions of residents collected through this project in the urban regeneration vitalization plan currently being implemented, and will begin the public support project for urban regeneration in the second half of the year. Also, efforts will be made to discover business models that can be applied to the urban regeneration vitalization areas.Mayor Park Won-soon said, So far our focus has been on preparing the ground for a Seoul-type urban regeneration, but now its time to solidify the foundation. He also added, In order for the urban regeneration project to succeed, the active participation and interest of local residents are essential. Therefore, we will make our best efforts to strengthen the sustainable competitiveness of the areas based on the outcome of the onsite Mayors office, and achieve success in implementing the regeneration project.
The Visiting Community Service Center program, established by the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) in July 2015 in an effort to resolve the issues relating to welfare dead zones, is celebrating its one-year anniversary of implementation.The community service centers, which previously handled civil complaints and administrative process for residents who visited the centers, have transformed into welfare service bases that visit residents in need, and as a result they are receiving a favorable external evaluation for bringing innovative improvements to the welfare delivery system.First, the public officials in charge, welfare planners, and visiting nurses newly assigned to 80 different districts visited the residents a total of 132,210 times last year. The figure increased by nearly 2.5 times compared to the year prior to the implementation of the Visiting Community Service Centers.The visiting counseling service offered an opportunity to understand the detailed circumstances of local residents by communicating with them, and led to 12,281 newly discovered low-income families in crisis. In an effort to prevent tragedies such as the instance in which a mother and her daughters from Songpa-gu committed suicide due to financial hardships, the SMG provided a total of 4.1 billion won for 8,791 residents in need of emergency living and housing expenses through the Seoul-type emergency welfare support.In addition, the SMG is helping the families in need escape from crises by providing 14,437 cases of customized support, such as arranging temporary accommodation, requesting customized benefits, linking hospitals and other institutions, and others.Second, the visiting health service for senior citizens aged 65 to 70 and families with babies, the first and only universal welfare service implemented in the country, is operated through the Visiting Community Service Center program, and is also showing positive results.A total of 30,694 senior citizens aged 65 to 70 are currently receiving visiting health services, among which 7,209 senior citizens in danger of Alzheimers disease have been discovered, and a total of 12,966 cases have been linked to medical institutions that can provide necessary services for them.A total of 5,683 families with babies have received health service for babies and mothers, as well as counseling and information programs regarding breast-feeding, childcare, and others. For those who need more assistance, the nurses are paying regular visits until the child becomes two years old.Another significant change resulting from the implementation of the Visiting Community Service Center is that in addition to the public system being reformed, a neighborhood community is being developed in which residents try to find solutions to local problems and participate in making decisions about the plans of the neighborhood and their implementation.The SMG has also reinforced the human and administrative infrastructure for the smooth implementation of the Visiting Community Service Center.In 2016, the SMG will fully implement the second stage of this project based on the results above, and expand the project to 25 boroughs and 424 districts.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) hosted the half-hour Seoul 365 Fashion Show from 11:40 a.m. to 12:10 p.m. on July 13th (Wednesday). It was a special opportunity for citizens visiting Seoul Station during the summer holiday season (July to August) to enjoy a runway show up close. The fashion show was planned in consideration of the train schedule and the platform conditions, to make sure that it would not cause any inconvenience to citizens using Seoul Station.Around 30 of the models who walked on the runway were ordinary citizens with dreams of becoming models, and they were given the opportunity to walk on the runway wearing clothes designed by designers participating in Seoul Fashion Week such as Mag & Logan, Munsoo Kwon, and others. The models prepared in the waiting area and platform.The fashion show proceeded in the following order: It started from the eastern entrance of Seoul Station. The runway was then shown in front of the ticket office located in the waiting area frequented by travelers, and was then shown in front of the passenger cars set to depart from platform No. 5 and 6. Finally, the models moved to the eastern entrance of the Seoul Station, and made a grand finale by performing the finale of the runway show for citizens outside of Seoul Station.The Seoul 365 Fashion Show featured the 2016 S/S (Spring/Summer) collections by the senior designer Mag & Logan loved by actresses, and Munsoo Kwon, who was selected as one of Seouls 10 next generation designers.The fashion show was the beginning of a unique program aimed at creating jobs for young people. Because it offers the would-be models the opportunity to go through the selection process, receive model training, and walk on the runway, it is a dream runway show for would-be models who dream of becoming models. Currently, the first class of Seoul 365 fashion models have a variety of experiences and careers, such as a would-be model who was an actor, a participant with hearing difficulties, a hip-hop dancer, a shopping mall fitting model, and others are all challenging themselves to push themselves and fulfill their dreams of becoming models. Currently, the SMG is recruiting the second class of Seoul 365 Fashion Models, and those who are interested can apply online on the Asia Model Association homepage by July 22.The Seoul 365 Fashion Show will hold around a hundred fashion shows until November of this year in various areas of Seoul, and it is comprised of  a fashion mecca-type fashion show, based on the main attractions of downtown Seoul,  fashion shows held in cooperation with Seoul for local events, and  unique fashion shows held in unique places and times. For more information and schedules, visit the Seoul 365 Fashion Show website (www.seoul365fashion.kr).
According to the 2015 Survey on Single Parents conducted by the Ministry of Gender Equality and Family, the health of single parents was disproportionately poor, and 20.8% of single parents said they could not afford going to the hospital. Financial difficulties were a recurring reason given for the lack of health care services, indicating the pressing need for the expansion of health care services.In an effort to improve the health of single mothers, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) began providing free gynecologic medical checkups for low-income single mothers. The Seoul Single Parent Family Support Center signed an agreement with gynecology and professional clinical pathology organizations in September 2015, and as of end of June 2016, a total of 95 single mothers have received health care services.The health care services are provided to low-income single mothers with a standard income of 70% or less, and the single mothers can benefit from medical checkups (about 225,000 won) and loop procedures (about 350,000 won) if necessary. For application or other inquiries, please contact the Seoul Single Parent Family Support Center (02-861-3020).Family Officer of the SMG Kim Myung-joo said, Protecting the health of single mothers, who have no choice but to go to work even though they have health issues, and hesitate to consult a doctor because they are afraid of medical bills, means protecting the rights of a family to live a happy life. Kim added, We hope to provide single mothers with an opportunity to take care of themselves through this project, and hope it will lead to the happiness and health of all family members.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will install three-color bus traffic lights at intersections with central bus-only lanes that have different traffic signals for general vehicles and buses. In the past, there was a sign reading Bus Only on the upper side of traffic lights for buses, but foreign visitors could not understand what it meant, and it was not clearly visible at night.Last May, the SMG installed three-color bus traffic lights at Euljiro 2-ga intersections for test operation in order to prevent drivers from getting confused by different traffic signs for general vehicles and buses.According to the satisfaction survey of 161 bus drivers who pass the Euljiro 2-ga intersections where the three-color bus traffic lights had been installed in the middle of last May, 61% of respondents gave positive responses to the installation of the new traffic lights. 41% of respondents said they had experienced confusing traffic lights for buses and general vehicles at intersections with a bus-only lane, reaffirming the need for improvement measures using differentiated traffic signs.The image of three-color bus traffic lights
ASEAN members,in an effort to promote Seoul targeting opinion leaders from various fields. The event featured participation from roughly 300 opinion leaders, including the representatives of global corporations in Singapore, culture, arts, tourism, and others. Mayor Park Won-soon gave a 10-minute presentation in English promoting Seoul as an ideal city for tourism and investment.Mayor Park Won-soon identified people, history, and nature as the three treasures of Seoul, and presented hallyu (Korean wave), nature, history, people, and the investment environment as the five tourism and investment features of Seoul. In addition, an investment promotion center for the Magok District, Changdong Sanggye, and Sangam DMC was operated onsite, and promotion activities were carried out targeting business leaders and representatives of global corporations in Singapore.The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) plans to expand the investment interest in Seoul to Singapore as well as to neighboring South-East Asian countries through this event. On the day of the event, the SMG signed its first MOC with the Singapore Tourism Board (STB).
According to the agreement, the two cities will make all efforts to revitalize the tourism industry of both cities by sharing regular tourism exchange ideas and related policies, supporting mutual tourism marketing, participating in travel mart and exhibitions as well as tourism festivals, and other tourism-related programs.
In May 2016, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) announced the 123 Rules for Walking. As November 11th was designated as Pedestrian Day, the SMG designated the 11th day of each month as Walk to Work Day, a practical campaign for all Seoul citizens.The SMG announced the 123 Rules for Walking to help busy office workers put the rules into practice on the way to work, without having to spend an unmanageable amount of extra time in their commutes.
 The campaign 123 Rules for Walking refers to  getting off one station earlier to walk to work,  walking more than 2 km per day, and  taking the stairs when going up and down three stories or less.The SMG plans to conduct the campaign until the end of the year to encourage more citizens to participate, and marketing strategies are being devised in order to promote Walk to Work Day.
Due to the construction of the 8-lane Yangjae-daero, the green axis of Dalteo Neighborhood Park and Guryongsan Mountain located in Gaepo-dong, Gangnam-gu, has been cut off. In response, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) has announced plans to build an eco-friendly connecting passage in the shape of a bridge between the two areas by June 2017, creating a pedestrian passage.By 2018, the SMG will have created pedestrian passages in the following four areas: Yangjae-daero, Muakjae Hill, Seooreung Hill, and Banghak-ro, areas in which the green axes have been cut off due to road construction and urban development. The severing of the axes has lead to damage to the green areas surrounding the roads, as well as inconveniences for residents wishing to move freely while using the park.The connecting passage will have a minimum width of 10 meters and a maximum of 20 meters.  A passage for animals, enhancing the preservation of the green areas, will be built within the pedestrian passage to make it a Seoul-type connecting passage, where humans and nature coexist. The pedestrian passage will be constructed by connecting the walkway courses and the green areas.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG), in cooperation with the Association of Korean Oriental Medicine, will help prevent Alzheimers disease in senior citizens. The announcement comes as the need for health care for senior citizens continues to increase amid the current aging society.In order to provide free health consultation for senior citizens, and to prevent Alzheimers disease and depression, the SMG, together with oriental medicine clinic, will implement a pilot project for improving the health of senior citizens using traditional Korean medicine, which is familiar to them. In this pilot project, ten autonomous districts (Jongno, Yongsan, Seongdong, Dongdaemun, Seongbuk, Gangbuk, Dobong, Nowon, Eungpyeong, and Dongjak-gu) and 150 oriental medicine clinics within the districts will provide support to improve the health of senior citizens.The ratio of the elderly population of Seoul (65 years or more) is showing an annual increase, reaching 12.0% of the population of Seoul in 2014. It is expected to reach 14.6% in 2020, and 22.3% in 2030.Population ratio of senior citizens(Unit: %, Data: National Statistical Office)
 Aging society  The progress of aging society: Japan 24 years, the U.S. 73 years, South Korea 18 years, Seoul 14 yearsNotably, the population ratio of the super-aged (over 85 years old) is expected to show a significant increase, from 0.9% in 2014 to 2.1% in 2030 and 3.6% in 2040. The number of patients presumed to be suffering from Alzheimers disease was 100,000 in 2012, but the number is estimated to increase to 150,000 by 2020, and 220,000 by 2030. Reflecting these predictions, the medical expenses of elder citizens who are over 65 years old have increased by 55.6% from 2004 to 2013, with medical expenses for Alzheimers disease and stroke (cerebrovascular disease) having increased particularly rapidly.The SMG is planning to provide a specific program for each participant after performing a pre-screening and post-screening test (Alzheimers disease MMSE and depression GDS). Senior citizens who show symptoms of cognitive decline and defects (i.e. are at a high risk of dementia) or depression will begin an 8-week program including one-on-one lifestyle improvement education, acupuncture, oriental medicine injections, and other beneficial treatment programs. Ordinary senior citizens can participate in a 4-week program consisting of qigong exercise, dementia prevention program, recollection class, and other activities to help improve their mental health.Senior citizens who would like to participate in the program can apply at public health centers in the ten autonomous districts subject to pilot project. The SMG will carry out the pilot project this year, and examine whether to expand the project after evaluating the results.
The 9th International Conference on Cultural Policy Research, the most distinguished and acknowledged conference in the field of cultural policy, was held in Seoul at Sookmyung Womens University, from July 5 (Tue.) to July 9 (Sat.), marking the first holding of the conference in Asia. The International Conference on Cultural Policy Research is a symposium where the research results and case studies related to cultural policy are discussed. The first biennial conference was held in Bergen, Norway, in 1999, and was then held in New Zealand, Canada, Austria, Turkey, Finland, Spain, and others.Until now the conference had been held only in Western countries. This conference, therefore, has a great significance, with the theme The Public Nature and Autonomy of Cultural Policy being discussed from an Asian perspective. Around 400 scholars from 49 countries participated in the conference, and approximately 250 papers were presented at the conference.On the morning of the opening day, July 5 (Tue.), a round-table discussion of world-renowned scholars from six different countries was held at Sookmyung Womens University to discuss changes in the future cultural topography and the role of cultural policy. During the opening session held in the evening of the same day, Ian Buruma of Bard College, New York, delivered a keynote speech at Yeakdang, of the National Gugak Center, with the theme Culture and Country: From the Calligraphy Culture of Imperial China to K-Pop Culture.The Seoul Metropolitan Government prepared a special session with the theme The role of cultural policy in urban restoration, to be held at the conference hosted by the Korea Arts Management Service and Sookmyung Womens University. The session was held on July 8 (Fri.) at 4 p.m. at Dongdaemun Design Plaza, where Sharon Zukin (Brooklyn College), the world-renowned scholar in the field of urban restoration through culture, delivered the keynote speech, and Arturo Rodriguez Morato, Lily Kong, and Professor Lee Yeong-beom gave presentations followed by a heated discussion with Professor Lee Dong-yeon.
On July 4 (Monday), the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) held the first general meeting of the Foreign Residents Council for receiving policy suggestions at Taepyeong Hall, of the new Seoul City Hall. Roughly 100 people participated in the meeting, including all members of the Foreign Residents Council, Uhm Kyusook, Deputy Minister for Gender Equality and Family, Lee Hae-eung, Foreign Honorary Deputy Mayor, the audience, and others.The Foreign Residents Council of Seoul was established in December 2015 as a permanent advisory group comprised of foreign residents who can participate in the policy-making process related to foreigners in Seoul. Beginning in January of this year, the three subcommittees (human rights and cultural diversity, living environment improvement, and competence reinforcement) have begun regularly gathering the opinions of foreign residents and have developed a total of 16 foreign resident policies.At the general meeting, a total of 16 policies related to foreign residents were proposed, including 6 policy proposal presentations. The presentation session lasted for about 40 minutes, and featured the following themes: Writing names in both English and Korean on the certificate of alien registration (Oh Miae ) Foreign long-term residents are also citizens of Seoul (Ahn Soon-hwa) Measures for promoting and increasing separate waste discharge (Doo Eon-moon) Establishing support facilities for adopters (Kim Dong-ja) Native language education for children of marriage immigrants (Myangbayar) Promoting the Seoul Friendship Fair as a global festival (Moon Hyeon-taek).Prior to making policy suggestions, the lecturer Yoo Kyung-sun gave a lecture titled Foreign Residents and the National Assembly to encourage the active participation of foreign residents in legislative activities and increase the understanding of the role of the National Assembly. The SMG plans to listen to the policy suggestions made by the participants, and offer an opportunity to share opinions and increase mutual goodwill by inviting foreign residents, communities, and organizations.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will strengthen in various ways the Public Transportation Day, which has been operated every Wednesday on the fourth week of the month since 2008. First, beginning in July, on the Public Transportation Day of every month, the government office parking lot of the city and city-affiliated organizations will be closed (except for vehicles of the disabled, emergency vehicles, etc.), and all employees will be encouraged to commute by public transportation.The SMG has decided to improve air quality by increasing the utilization of public transportation, reducing fine dust, and other environmental measures. The SMG will also strengthen the cooperation with 25 autonomous districts for the participation and promotion of Public Transportation Days.Various benefits will be given to citizens who frequently use public transportation through the Public Transportation Day events. Metropolitan subway and bus users from Seoul as well as users from Incheon, Gyeonggi-do, and other areas can participate in the event.Implementation period: July 1, 2016  the end of 2016
The Channel NewsAsia recently interviewed the Mayor of Seoul, Park Won Soon. In the interview he explains how Seoul is one of the most sustainable cities in the world and how it uses the program, Seoul Solution, a platform to share the policies of the city with other cities in developing countries.He also talks about Seouls great capability in reducing the amount of waste in the city. Click on the link here to learn more about Seoul and how it functions.http://www.channelnewsasia.com/tv/tvshows/firstlook/lotsmore/smart-sustainable-seoul/2946786.html
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) recently announced a plan called Vision 2030: Cultural City Seoul, created through consultations and discussions held with over 5,000 citizens, experts, and public officials over a period of more than three years.The plan is comprised of five categories of future visions (individual, community, district, city, and administration) related to the life of citizens and ten goals for achieving those visions, which are directed toward the happiness of citizens and cultural development. In addition, 25 detailed tasks to be executed by 2030 have been devised.First, the cultural rights of Seoul citizens will be declared for the first time in 2016, guaranteeing the cultural rights of every citizen living in Seoul. In 2017, the framework ordinance on culture in the city, which will be the basis for the cultural policy of Seoul, will be established.Second, cultural networks, including such groups as the civic orchestra, will be expanded in order to revitalize genre-based cultural clubs, and a community-based cultural platform will be established.In addition, a variety of cultural therapy programs will be operated for the socially vulnerable, such as high school dropouts, victims of bullying, etc.Third, projects for constructing a museum and the One Thousand Parks and One Thousand Forests plan will be implemented in 2018 to secure leisure and rest areas for citizens.Fourth, the major festivals of the four seasons will be promoted, and 13 museums of various types will be constructed in which history and modernity coexist.In addition, the SMG will support the stabilization of the artist lifestyle. By 2030, a thousand public rental housing will be created for artists, and the artists will be encouraged to move into cultural facilities and social welfare facilities located downtown.Lastly, the existing method led by the government will be handed over to citizens, and gradually changed to a method in which experts and public institutions cooperate with each other.
The site of the former purification plant, which began supplying industrial water to firms in the Seoul Digital Industrial Complex (the present Guro G-Valley) in the 1960s, will be transformed into a game industry center in 2019. G-Square is a multifunctional business facility with a total ground area of 180,000 comprised of seven floors underground and 39 floors aboveground.The main body of business is the Project Financing Vehicle (PFV), established with the investment of Korea
Industrial Complex Corporation, which owns the site, and Netmarble Games Corp., which will relocate its head office to the site. Netmarble Games Corp. will develop the game industry ecosystem, and in cooperation with the Korea Industrial Complex Corporation, expand the business supporting facilities currently lacking in G-Valley such as R&D centers, game-related startup support centers, etc. in order to actively support venture startups of young entrepreneurs.71% (13,553) of the total area of the site will be used to create a park area open to residents and workers of G-Valley. In addition, a game industry museum and game character park will be built through the preservation and use of the remaining purification plant.The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to actively support the project in consideration of the development of content developed by the industry and the job creation effect generated by the project. It will ensure that the construction plan is in character with the surrounding area.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government confers honorary citizenship upon international residents in Seoul in recognition of their contributions to the city and the local community, including being a role model to Seoul citizens as well as other foreign residents. June, 19. 2017
The Ara Ship of Hangang River will be reborn as the first cruise ship to specialize in performances in addition to its role as a cruise ship for cultural tourism. The Hangang Project Headquarters of the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will begin to operate the cruise ship on July 1.There will be various performances including fusion Korean traditional music, K-pop, and b-boy presentations on the stage of the ship.In particular, customized cultural content for tourists from abroad, such as Chinese and Japanese visitors will be designed, and active measures will be taken to attract tourists. In addition, the cruise ship will provide a unique service compared to existing cruise ships through utilization of the space for a wide variety of events such as weddings, concerts, presentations for new products, and others.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) plans to replace the entire platform screen door sensor of the subway lines 1 to 9 by 2018 with laser scanner sensors, allowing technicians to repair and maintain the screen doors on the platform.The existing sensors are installed on both sides of the fixed doors and emergency doors of the platform screen door, meaning repair and maintenance work must be done on the side of the railway however, the laser sensor will be installed on one side of the emergency door, so inspections and repair work can be done safely from the platform.By December 2016, the SMG will have first replaced the sensors installed in a total of 53 stations, including all 44 stations of line 2, and nine stations of lines 1, 3, and 4, where a large number of defects are reported. The SMG plans to gradually install laser sensors for the remaining 235 platform screen doors by investing 23.5 billion won by 2018.In addition, another project is in progress, involving the replacement of the fixed doors of the platform screen door with emergency doors that can be opened and closed at all times, allowing passengers to evacuate quickly and safely in case of an emergency. The SMG has completed the demonstration project in three stations, and plans to replace the fixed doors of the all stations of lines 1 to 8 with emergency doors by 2021.Mayor Park Won-soon said, We will not to put efficiency and finance before people and safety, and we will utilize all the ability of the SMG to stand against the current set of practices and privileges. We will continue to improve the defects of the city safety measures until a system that can immediately react to and deal with even minor accidents is established. The safety measures will be made public and implemented immediately thereafter.
Hongdae Walking Street (the 500-meter-long section located between Hongik University Station, subway line 2, and Hongik University) will be transformed into a street with convenience facilities and a convenient walking environment.The project is largely divided into three areas: Improving the street environment Developing convenience facilities for tourists, and Public and private cooperation for operating and managing street performances.The project for improving the street environment will prevent the street from becoming overcrowded crowds watching street performances and pedestrians mingle, through the systematic arranging of performance areas and the walking environment. The aim of this project is to help the free busking culture and walking environment to coexist in harmony. In addition, guide signs, benches, Free Wi-Fi zones, photo zones, etc. will be installed, and lines will be applied to street furniture as a common design element. By June 2017, a meeting plaza will also be created near the complex station of Hongik University Station (Airport Railroad).A convenience facility of 330 will also be constructed for the convenience of tourists at a site that is currently used as a park and vacant lot. Adopting the structure of slope and puddle, a performance stage in the shape of a slope will be built in the upper area, and in the bottom area, which is a semi-basement, facilities such as a rest area for visitors, a service area for sightseeing and performance information and reservation, a baggage storage, global ATMs, etc. will be installed.Lastly, in order to revitalize the street artistic activities such as street art, flea markets, etc. which are cultural assets and the basis of the inherent charm of Hongdae streets, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will reinforce the operation and management system using local human resources.The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) held a meeting on June 30, 2016 at Sinhallyu Plus, located in Hapjeong-dong, to present and share the collaboration process and the general plan devised as a result, and also conduct free discussions. The SMG, concerned persons from Mapo-gu, merchants, residents, cultural artists, tourism employees, etc. participated in the meeting.The SMG will gather the opinions shared at the meeting and complete the construction by the end of November after establishing the final design for the project and the operation plan for the culture and art activities by July or August 2016.
According to the 2015 International Meetings Statistics Report announced by the Union of International Associations (UIA), which officially announces the statistics of international meetings, Seoul was selected as the worlds number three city in hosting international meetings. It is an all-time high ranking for the city.A total of 494 international meetings were held in Seoul in 2015, twice as many as in the previous year, and the goal of becoming the worlds third MICE city by 2018 has already been reached. The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) established a master plan for developing Seoul as a MICE city in 2013, and has been highly active in developing MICE industries, for example by establishing a customized support system for different stages through analysis of an international database.As Seoul is welcomed as a venue for MICE events, not only for international meetings but also for the recent travel incentives of fellow Asian countries, the MICE Development Master Plan 2.0 will be established before the end of the year for expanding the MICE inducement.The ranking and number of international meetings by city & country
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) is moving forward with the construction of Creative Economy Campus Neighborhoods in an effort to resolve problems related to youth and local economies, such as housing instability, unemployment, and others.The SMG selected the Anam-dong Startup Culture Campus Neighborhood, led by the Korea University, a highly motivated partner in the plan, and will begin establishing a detailed implementation plan during the second half of the year.In order to gradually transform the university neighborhoods that have become places for adult entertainment into creative districts for creating jobs, the SMG will make a new urban restoration model and establish a model for cooperation, focusing on the 52 university neighborhoods located in Seoul.The construction of campus neighborhoods will be carried out using a variety of private resources, and in particular, the SMG will invest roughly 152 billion won by 2025 using both tangible and intangible assets such as space, equipment, human resources, and other resources of the universities.This project will be carried out using the 1 + 4 method, in which housing stability, cultural characterization, revitalization of business districts, and regional cooperation will be achieved focusing on promoting startups. The campus neighborhood development project is categorized into  the local creativity type, which synthetically applies the 1 + 4 objectives, and  the program type, which focuses on unit projects.To begin, a budget of 10 billion won will be invested by 2020 in the Anam-dong Startup Culture Campus Neighborhood project, which will be carried out in the 170,000 area surrounding Anam-dong, near Korea University. The SMG plans to select three additional local creativity type areas in 2017, and by 2025 construct campus neighborhoods in a total of ten university neighborhoods.
The first section of the 13.8 kilometer-long Gangnam Beltway, which connects the southern areas of Seoul (Doksan-dong, Geumcheon-gu, and Suseo-dong, Gangnam-gu), will officially open on July 3, 2016.The opening of Gangnam Beltway is expected to disperse the traffic flow concentrated on the Olympic Expressway and Nambu Beltway, and reduce the travel time from Geumcheon to Gangnam by more than 30 minutes. It is also anticipated that the opening of Gangnam Beltway will revitalize the stagnant local economy of the southwestern area of Seoul.In addition, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) anticipates that upon the completion of Seobu Underground Expressway in 2021, the traffic in Seoul will be improved as a whole, with the reinforcement of Naebu Expressway of the northern part of Seoul and the connecting systems further helping to reduce traffic congestion and travel times.Nearly half of the entire section of Gangnam Beltway (approximately 11 kilometers) was designed and constructed as tunnels to minimize environmental damage and to maintain the pleasant surroundings of the residential areas along the beltway. In order to prevent accidents, a lane control system and queuing system will be introduced inside the tunnel to allow drivers to make detours or quickly evacuate in case of serious traffic congestion or accidents inside the tunnel.
The healing project Maeum (Heart) Pharmacy, implemented by Seoul Foundation for Arts and Culture in cooperation with HSAD, won the silver and bronze prizes for the LIONS HEALTH Pharma sector of Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity.The Seoul Foundation for Arts and Culture produced a video entry for the festival based on the Maeum (Heart) Pharmacy run by the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG), and submitted the work to Cannes Lions International Festival of Creativity under the title of REMEDIES FOR THE SOUL.Video link: http://youtu.be/gAp6c1FnZKYMaeum (Heart) Pharmacy, run by the SMG, is a vending machine that offers a cultural prescription for the weary hearts of people today and heals their hearts. In order to use the pharmacy, all you need to do is insert 500 won into the vending machine, press one of the 20 numbers of symptoms you need a prescription for, and get a cultural prescription based on the symptom. Various fun items stocked with the support of companies such as movie tickets, vitamin tablets, Band-Aids, etc. are provided. A total of 47,019 citizens participated in the project so far, and a total of 23,509,500 won was raised as donations. The donated funds will be reused to promote the campaign.The 1st Maeum (Heart) Pharmacy: Seoul Citizens Hall located on the first ground floor of the Seoul City Hall
The Sungnyemun Gate Guard Performance, which was discontinued after the Sungnyemun Gate fire in 2008, will be resumed on June 23, 2016 at Sungnyemun Plaza.The guard performance was one of the most significant military honors ceremonies of guarding the fortress of the capital city in the Joseon dynasty. During the guard ceremony, the guards pledge to maintain the public order and safety of the inside and outside of the fortress gate by keeping guard at Sungnyemun Gate, the main gate of the fortress surrounding the Seoul City Wall in the Joseon dynasty.The guards at Deoksugung Palace will also present the guard ceremony performance of the Joseon dynasty for tourists visiting the Namdaemun Market after finishing the performance at Sungnyemun Gate.Closed: Every Monday
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will provide a variety of cultural attractions for citizens and foreign tourists by hosting a wide range of programs such as circuses, orchestras, ballets, and choir performances every day from 7 p.m. to 8:30 p.m.
The sculpture of ISEOULU, the new city brand of Seoul, was installed in Yeouido Hangang Park last May, and gained much popularity as a photo zone for citizens and tourists. On June 22, the sculpture was removed and reinstalled in front of the fountain located in Childrens Grand Park.Many citizens and tourists are actively sharing on their social media photographs taken with the sculpture in the background, using the hashtag. The Seoul Metropolitan Government is hoping that the sculpture reinstalled in Childrens Grand Park will promote the new city brand, and also offer a special memory to families that visit the park to enjoy the summertime.
Mayor Park Won-soon was presented as one of the four worlds mayors with unique individuality in NHK-BS, a satellite broadcasting channel of NHK (Japan Broadcasting Corporation) transmitted worldwide.In a news commentary program called NHK-BS Catch! Worlds Eye broadcast on May 16, Mayor Park was introduced as one of the mayors who take an active part in resolving the common challenges facing major cities around the world, such as environmental issues, along with Mayor Sadiq Khan of London, the United Kingdom, Mayor Anne Hidalgo of Paris, France, and Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York City, the United States.Catch! Worlds Eye is a program that discusses the meaning and background of the news, and discusses possible issues of the future by commenting on domestic and foreign news through the unique perspective of the professional commentators of NHK.NHK introduced Mayor Park as an idea man, whose administration philosophy is focused on innovation through openness, public transparency, and sharing. In particular, NHK focused on the fact that Mayor Parks administration accepts and handles civil complaints of citizens at the speed of light using the social media platforms such as Twitter and Facebook. The program showed specific examples of actual civil complaints posted on social media, such as The pavement is damaged, The food waste smells too bad, and others, as well as the citizens reactions after immediate measures were taken to solve the complaints. Mayor Park has more than 1.5 million social media followers including one million followers on Twitter. Since last April, Mayor Park has been airing a live social media broadcast called Won-soons X-file once a week, introducing the policies of the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG), and listening to the opinions of citizens in real-time.The program also mentioned the activities for resolving environmental issues such as turning off the street lights for an hour on the 22nd of every month, and the SMGs policy on reducing the need for nuclear facilities, which was triggered by the nuclear accident in Fukushima.The main policies implemented by the other three mayors were also introduced in the program:  A Pledge to freeze public transportation fares and supply low-cost housing by London Mayor Sadiq Khan, an immigrant from Pakistan  Activities relating to environmental issues such as vehicle exhaust emissions, diesel vehicle control, etc. by Anne Hidalgo, the first female mayor of Paris, who was born in Spain  Policies to provide housing for low-income families, maintain nursery facilities, stop racial discrimination, etc. implemented by Mayor Bill de Blasio of New York City.The commentator argued that the advent of such mayors, who have unique individuality, reflect a change in our society and era, and highlights the expectation of citizens that the social gap and conflict will be resolved more actively as our society becomes more diverse.Article link
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) has opened Seoul Station 7017 Info Garden, an elevated pedestrian experience center, in Seoul Plaza. The Seoul Station 7017 Info Garden is comprised of two cylindrical structures used as an exhibition hall and information hall, ten large Tree Pots, and three lights. The total surface area is 218.The Info Garden was designed by Winy Maas, a world-renowned expert in architecture and landscaping, who won the architectural design for the Seoul Station 7017 Project.The exhibition hall is a place where citizens can experience the elevated walkway near Seoul Station, which will be constructed in 2017, and see the changes of the entire Seoul Station area through virtual images using smart media technology, and express their opinions on the changes. The smart media table installed in the center displays the history of the elevated walkway near Seoul Station and the 3D images of the walkway after the completion through a touch screen.The walls of the exhibition hall are comprised of glass on all sides, so the inside of the hall can be easily seen from the outside, and the passersby can show their interest in the elevated walkway near Seoul Station.The information hall will be used as a help desk, where staff provides citizens with detailed information about the Seoul Station 7017 Project, including the elevated walkway near the Seoul Station.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG), based on the results of detailed investigations, is set to repair and replace by stages worn-out sewage pipelines, which are the main cause of road sinking. In addition, the new Road Sinking Maintenance System will be established, which uses big data to identify areas that are in danger of road sinking and take preventative measures. The system will be fully implemented in July 2016.The SMG has been conducting detailed investigations since July 2015 in order to assess the present condition of worn-out sewage pipe lines. According to the investigation result conducted so far, 775 kilometers of sewage pipe lines will be subject to replacement and repair. A total of 111 kilometers of sewage pipe line, in which five major defects (collapse, rupture, damage, and perforation of pipeline, and infiltration) have been detected, will be the first repaired by 2019 through a municipal investment of 150 billion won.In addition to replacing and repairing worn-out sewage pipe lines, the SMG will scientifically prevent road sinking by implementing a new Road Sinking Maintenance System, starting July 2016. The system uses big data such as information on holes, road sinking and subsidence, results of measures taken, etc. to formulate electronic maps. The efficiency of the system will be enhanced by linking the information of 21 types of underground facilities.Using this system, the SMG plans to analyze the probability of road sinking in advance, and maintain the roads by classifying them into the following three classes: exploration class (requires periodic exploration of holes) observation class (areas where road sinking may occur in the future) safety class (areas with no danger of road sinking).In addition, as a result of exploring the main roads by adopting the hole exploration technique from Japan, which possesses outstanding technical skills in the field of hole (empty space found under the road) exploration, 288 holes were discovered in 2014. In response, research is being currently conducted in cooperation with the SMG, Sejong University, and Electronics and Telecommunications Research Institute.The rapid restoration of identified road sinking is as important as prevention. The SMG plans to continue operating and using the Real-time Pothole Reporting System, which requests taxi and bus drivers to immediately report by pressing a button in the vehicle when they discover potholes while driving, alerting emergency crews of the need to repair the road. Over the last two years, more than 18,000 potholes have been repaired through this reporting system.On June 21, the SMG held a joint Underground Safety Policy Briefing Session with the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport to allow local governments around the country to see the benefits of a road sinking prevention system based on the Road Sinking Maintenance System, Hole Exploration System, and Real-time Pothole Reporting System. During the briefing session, the officers in charge of underground safety of the 17 local governments listened to the comprehensive countermeasures applied to the actual scenes, and rehearsed the entire process of searching for holes while riding in the ground exploration vehicle, determining the cause, and restoring the holes.The SMG plans to reinforce the city safety system by cooperating with citizens, the central government, and domestic and foreign cities, based on the principle that 99% is only as good as 1% when it comes to safety.
 was officially chosen as the new Seoul brand in May 2016, as the result of a municipal policy decision. In July, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will recruit  Friends, comprised of a hundred citizens, and will publicize the beauty of Seoul using the brand . Friends will not only participate in the program, but will also take the lead in planning and executing various projects to enhance the value of Seouls image and brand.  Recruitment targets: Any individual who loves the Seoul brand
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will operate six swimming pools in Ttukseom, Yeouido, Gwangnaru, Mangwon, Jamsil, and Jamwon Hangang Parks for 60 days from June 24 (Fri.) to August 22 (Mon.).The Ttukseom swimming pool has installed solar shade canopies in order to reduce the visitors inconvenience of having to line up under the sun before entering the swimming pool. Also, visitors can enjoy the flowing water pool floating on their tubes in 0.3 to 1.2-meter water.
Jamsil swimming pool has transformed into the largest water park on Hangang River. Facilities such as the wave slide, water play, and animal rides have been installed to allow visitors to have a thrilling experience in the center of the city.In Yeouido swimming pool, visitors can enjoy aqua rings, where cool water pours down, water cannons, spiral tunnels, and other attractions, as well as other fun features. This year, a Viking ride will be installed in the infants pool, so visitors are encouraged to come pay a visit with their children.Everyday fun events will be held in the outdoor swimming pools of Ttukseom, Yeouido, Gwangnaru, Mangwon, Jamsil, and Jamwon Hangang Parks to allow residents and visitors to have fun in the water. There will be various events with plenty of prizes, and also a variety of entertainment and educational experiences such as survival games, a bubble dance festival, safety education, skin-scuba training, and more.Hangang outdoor swimming pools will be open from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. seven days a week. The swimming pools will feature pools for adults, youth, and infants to allow people of all ages to come and have fun, and there are various facilities such as showers, snack bars, air slides, and more.The admission fee is 5,000 won for adults (19 years or above), 4,000 won for youth (13 to 18 years), 3,000 won for children (6 to 12 years), and free for children six years or under. Visitors can get a 50% discount on their parking fee if they receive confirmation by the swimming pool staff. Multi-child Happiness Card holders (including the family members registered on the card), senior citizens 65 years old or above, the disabled (level 1 to 6) and one guardian of the disabled person (level 1 to 3), and veterans receive a 50% discount o the admission fee.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will officially begin operation of the Seoul Station Walking Tour on June 18, 2016. The tour will introduce citizens of Seoul to the culture, history, and hidden stories of Seoul found in the neighborhood of Seoul Station.The SMG will conduct the Seoul Station Walking Tour four times a week starting this weekend (Saturday, June 18) until the end of October, in order to allow residents and visitors to rediscover the entire area of Seoul Station, which is a relatively underdeveloped part of Seoul despite being the center of the city. The Seoul Station Walking Tour is a program in which participants listen to stories of Seoul, nearby buildings, and the history and culture of the area while strolling throughout the area of Seoul Station. The tour offers four different courses: Hoehyeon and Namsan Course, which allows participants to enjoy the nature and the 600-year history of Seoul, Jungnim and Chungjeong Course, where participants can encounter the old and stylish modern architecture of the area, Cheongpa and Hyochang Course, which is filled with old and surprising stories, and Combined Course of Seoul Station, which encompasses the entire area of western and eastern Seoul Station.The walking tour takes about two hours, and anyone above elementary school level who can walk without difficulty can participate. Applications should be submitted to http://yeyak.seoul.go.kr, and currently the service is available only in Korean. The participation fee is 2,000 won per person.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government, together with the National Police Agency, will implement a pilot project for installing traffic safety signs and pedestrian signs that alert the danger of using smart phones while walking on the street. The five areas in which the pilot project will be implemented are Hongdae, City Hall, Yonsei University, Gangnam Station, and Jamsil Station, where there are many accidents and pedestrians in their 10-30s, the main users of smart phones.The traffic sign is designed to show pedestrians at a glance a dangerous situation in which a smart phone user runs into a car while walking on the street. In order to enhance the understanding, the phrase Warning: Be careful while using a Smartphone while Walking will be added to the sign.In addition, the pedestrian sign has a message that says Walk Safely. The message is made simple and clear so that the pedestrians who are mostly looking down at their smart phones can easily see it.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government hosted the Seoul 365 Fashion Show at Dongdaemun Doota Plaza from June 17 (Friday) to June 18 (Saturday), 2016. The Seoul 365 Fashion Show was a unique show in which citizens and couples participated as models walking on the runway.Of the first class of 365 Models, around 30 members with dreams of becoming models had the opportunity to walk on the runway wearing the clothes designed by beginner designers such as Choi Bumsuk, Jung Doo-young, and others, as well as rising designers with distinct styles who are taking an active part in the fashion industry. Designers including Choi Bumsuk, Jung Doo-young, Hong Hye Jin, Kim Hong-beom, Lee Moo Yeol, and Ha Dong Ho, who have become well-known designers based on their activities in Dongdaemun or are otherwise connected to Dongdaemun presented their collections to citizens.Since the fashion show was held in Dongdaemun, the center of fashion, a special show was held in which citizens wearing clothes that show their individuality were selected as models on the spot and given the opportunity to show off their sense of fashion on the runway.Couples presenting their unique style at the event were selected on the spot and given the opportunity to walk on the runway as couples, and every day two couples were selected in order of application for a proposal event on the runway immediately following the fashion show. Events such as taking pictures with 365 models at the photo zone and the chance to personally meet models offered citizens opportunities to experience and participate in the events.The Seoul 365 Fashion Show held fashion shows at different civic festivals including the folk costume fashion show at the global cultural festival, Jungnang-gu rose festival, and others, and provided opportunities for citizens to come across fashion in their daily lives by hosting fashion shows on the crosswalk and other locations to introduce the fashion attraction of Dongdaemun DDP and the pedestrian-friendly city. The Seoul 365 Fashion Show will be held in various tourist locations frequented by citizens such as Gwanghwamun Plaza, Cheonggyecheon, Sinchon pedestrian street, Dream Forest Park, and others.
Teenage girls from low-income families often have difficulty in taking care of their health despite them being in an important growth phase. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has proposed a set of policies that guarantee their right to gender identity and health as fundamental human rights.Currently, the SMG provides free welfare services for teenage girls at Seoul Youth Health Center (I am Spring), which was first established in 2013 near Hapjeong Station, and operates a pharmacy for adolescents at risk. However, the SMG plans to expand the policies, as there are still several areas in which significant issues remain unaddressed. Seoul Youth Health Center  I am Spring
The health center provides medical treatment by specialists in five medical fields, including obstetrics and gynecology, dentistry, mental health counseling, sex and health education, as well as meals and daily necessities for teenage girls who cannot afford them. The health center provided 6,713 welfare services (2,2015 cases of specialized diagnosis and treatment, 2,198 cases of psychological and emotional support, health education for 1,107 teenage girls, and 1,393 cases of basic living support and links to other services) in the previous year alone. Pharmacy for Girls
Initially, 103 pharmacies for teenage girls were established with the cooperation of Seoul Pharmaceutical Association. Currently, there are about 200 pharmacies participating in the project. These pharmacies provide free non-prescription medicines such as painkillers up to four times a month with a cost limit of 10,000 won per visit, with articles for women such as sanitary pads, wet tissues, and others also being provided. Links to medical institutions and supporting facilities are also provided if necessary. (Inquiry: 120)Providing Sanitary Pads to Teenage Girls between 10 to 19Sanitary pads are provided for free to teenage girls between 10 to 19 years of age, on the premise that the cost of sanitary pads can impose a steep financial burden on teenage girls from low income families, despite them being daily necessities for women, like rice and clothing.There are two ways of providing free sanitary pads. First, the sanitary pads can be kept in 850 facilities such as pharmacies for girls, runaway youth centers, etc. that are frequently used by teenagers at risk. Another method is delivering the sanitary pads to their homes. In order to help the 27,279 teenage girls who are beneficiaries of the national basic livelihood to use the service anonymously, applications will be received via the city website or e-mail, and the service will deliver 5 months worth of sanitary pads (two packs per month, 18 pads per pack) to their homes. Applications will be accepted from the end of June to July, and the products will be delivered starting in August.The SMG is planning to invest a 500 million won budget to this project, and secure a sustainable support system for this project by cooperating with Community Chest of Korea and securing the participation of private sector. When furnishing and delivering sanitary pads, health care pocketbooks and leaflets containing basic information about menstruation, use of sanitary pads, information about reproduction, and contents that help improve the awareness of menstruation will also be distributed.The Foundation of Family Doctor for Girls and Puberty ClinicThe SMG will also begin a project called Family Doctor for Girls before the end of the year to provide sex and health education for vulnerable social groups, such as children from community child centers. The project will be implemented in cooperation with professional doctors, pharmacists, Saenghyup, and local womens organizations, and Saenghyup will provide education including the use of reusable cloth sanitary pads.In Seoul Youth Health Center, the Puberty Clinic Program, carried out by medical professionals, will be provided. This program will offer sex and health counseling education on the understanding of body transformation, health control, menstrual irregularities, menstrual pain, and other health issues, and will also organize parties to celebrate the first period. In addition, health training for teenage girls will be conducted for the staff of Hope Welfare Center, Community Service Center, and youth facilities in order to find and support underserviced areas of health care.Lastly, a health campaign for girls in Seoul will be promoted to improve the social awareness of menstruation, and to foster an environment that encourages the voluntary furnishing of sanitary pads in schools and youth facilities as well as distribution companies frequented by teenage girls. Inquiries: Women policy officer 02-2133-5046
The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to explore optimal SMEs for young people to work for and will strive to enhance the quality of workplaces by linking SMEs with qualified young people.The SMG intends to select roughly 200 SMEs in June 2016 first and certify those qualified as small-but-powerful SMEs by September. SMEs that can apply are those in Seoul and certified for the purpose mentioned by the SMG or ministries of the central government, or those that have signed an agreement with the SMG to cooperate with the SMG in job-related policies. The certification will be made based on their overall quality, efforts for creation of jobs, particularly for young people, and how much they cooperate with the SMG in job support programs.For those selected, the SMG pays a 1,000,000 won per month for up to 10 months and up two employees on the condition that the newly employed stay on the job for at least three months. The SMG will also strive to help the businesses foster a youth-friendly work environment. After a given period, the SMG will select 100 small-but-powerful SMEs based on the following factors:  an increase in employment rate,  an increase in sales,  support for employees self-development,  implementation of Family Day, and  implementation of maternity leave and other benefits.The SMG will issue a letter of certification for the selected businesses, have officials in charge explore jobs suited for young people, and help the businesses solve their management-related problems. The selected businesses will enjoy the following support: financial support for employment, aid in publicizing, and exemption from local tax audits for four years. Applications due: June 24
The makeup and beauty products of hallyu (Korean wave) stars are the main interest of foreign tourists visiting Seoul, as K-pop and Korean dramas continue their rise in popularity overseas.The Seoul Metropolitan Government will begin the Program for K-star Makeup Secrets in June 2016. The program features professional makeup artists presenting the makeup secrets of the hallyu stars, and tourists will be given the chance to try and apply them on their own. Period: June 2016  November 2016 (every third Wednesday 3pm  5pm) Venue: eSpoir, Ewha Womans University branch (56 Ewhayeodae-gil, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul) Participants: Foreign tourist visiting Seoul Number of participants: 20 persons How to participate:http://goo.gl/forms/XepqFUDTpc6fpeQX2 Entry fee: Free
The Seoul Museum of History is holding a photo exhibition, The Korean War and Seoul viewed by the Associated Press, until July 17, 2016. The photos vividly show what Seoul and the people there were during that time. It is expected that the exhibition will show visitors how the country and its people have successfully overcome the indescribable horrors of the Korean War. Admission: Free
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is set to share successful policies with Colombo, Sri Lanka Bogor, Indonesia Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam Addis Ababa, Ethiopia and Bangladesh, all of whom took part in the International Forum on Urban Policy for the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) held in Seoul between June 8 and June 10. The policies include those associated with e-Government, intelligent transportation system, smart city development, and others.The form, co-hosted by the SMG, the UN ESCAP, and CityNet (The Regional Network of Local Authorities for the Management of Human Settlements), was attended by 500-plus people including government representatives (eight mayors, 5 vice mayors, and a vice minister-level official) of 38 cities and guests from 11 central government institutions. Attendees discussed proactive ways of putting the SDGs for 2016-2030 adopted at the UNDP Summit of September 2015 into practice.The SMG expects first to share its information technology-based 119 Firefighting and Anti-Disaster System with Bangladesh, based on the MOU signed between the Fire  Disaster Headquarters of the SMG and its counterpart in Bangladesh on June 9. The headquarters will provide a consulting and service module for adaptation of its system to the local situation of Bangladesh.With regard to the plan to share the tax administration and waste management systems with Colombo, Sri Lanka, an MOU was signed by Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon and Colombo Mayor A. J. M. Muzammil on June 8.Ho Chi Minh, Vietnam, which has maintained a relationship of close cooperation in transportation with the SMG, will adopt the Seoul-type transportation card system and the intelligent-type transportation system.Bogor, Indonesia will adopt the SMGs policy on urban development in general, with an according Letter Of Intent having been signed by Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon and Bogor Mayor Bima Arya Sugiarto on June 8.Addis Ababa, Ethiopia plans to benchmark the SMGs programs for education of city officials and development of urban policies. As part of the plan, a delegation led by the Mayor of the city will pay a visit to the SMG in August to attend an educational session provided by the SMG.Meanwhile, attendees to the forum adopted the Seoul Communiqu on Urban Policy for the SDGs for 2030 after a heated three-day discussion. The Seoul Communiqu contains five items designed to realize the motto of the SDGs adopted at the UNDP meeting held in September 2015, No one shall be left behind. Click here to read the full text of the Seoul Communiqu on Urban Policy for the SDGs 2030 (English version).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will open an elevated path, which used to be a vehicle path, near Seoul Station to pedestrians as part of the Seoul Station 7017 Project by April 2017. The work linking the path to two nearby large-sized buildings (the Daewoo Foundation Bldg. and the Hotel Manu) will begin next month. The new pedestrian path will lead to Namsan Park and Namdaemun Market.The Daewoo Foundation and the Hotel Manu plan to provide convenience facilities like cafes, restaurants, pubs, and restrooms for visitors.Officials at the SMG expect that the new pedestrian path will go a long way towards invigorating nearby commercial establishments, as an increased number of visitors will spend more time at the convenience facilities and well-known places in the neighborhood. They are discussing the construction of bridges that will link the pedestrian path with three other large nearby buildings.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government provides mothers in the city with benefits associated with their pregnancy, childbirth, and child rearing with the goal of making Seoul a good city for child-bearing/rearing mothers. These benefits help alleviate the economic burden of couples associated with childbirth, including the payment of expenses for artificial insemination, postpartum care, and medical checkups, as follows:Pre-pregnancy: provision of support for couples having problems getting pregnantIt is reported that there is an increase in the number of couples having problems getting pregnant in the age of first marriage. The SMG provides financial support (up to 7.5 million won) for in vitro fertilization operations or artificial insemination operations (up to 500,000 won on each occasion, up to three occasions). In 2015, a total of 9,049 couples with problems getting pregnant received support from the SMG, and about half (55%) succeeded in having a baby. Those eligible for financial support are married women aged 44 or lower diagnosed with problems getting pregnant from a household whose average monthly income comes to 150% or less of the national average.Post-pregnancyThose registered with the local health office as an expectant mother can receive a pre-natal test, along with folic acid and gentle iron, free of charge. In addition, bag rings announcing the womens pregnancy are provided to women in the early stage of pregnancy to encourage other citizens to take care of them. Young expectant mothers who may be in a poor state of pre-natal management can receive up to 1.2 million won for their pregnancy and childbirth, and can use the expectant mother voucher regardless of their income level.Expectant mothers suffering from high-risk pregnancy complications like preterm labor, postpartum hemorrhage, and pregnancy toxaemia can receive up to 3 million won per person.Post-partumThose from a low-income household (earning 80% or less than average middle-level income) can receive home visit services provided by a health expert, with preparation of meals, laundry management, and taking care of new-born babies included) for up to ten days. Starting in 2016, handicapped individuals from a household earning 100% or less than average middle-level income who have given birth to the second baby or a twin can also receive benefits.Newborn babiesAll newborn babies born in Seoul can go through free health checkups, including congenital metabolic abnormalities inspections, on a total of seven occasions until they are six. Premature babies weighing less than 2.5kg from a low-income household and infants suffering from heart disease are covered for up to 1.5 million won of treatment. Expenses for early diagnosis of congenital hearing loss through neonatal hearing screening tests are also paid for.Infants up to two years oldLow-income households (earning 40% or less than the average middle-level income) with an infant aged up to 12 months can receive financial support for diapers and modified milk powder. Starting in early 2016, such households can receive a sum twice as high as last year (64,000 won per month for diapers and 86,000 won per month for modified milk powder).The service of having nurses specializing in infants pay visits to households with expectant mothers and infants (those aged two or less) for their health management is provided in 19 autonomous districts of Seoul. The number of nurses engaging in this service has increased by 60 this year. The SMG plans to provide the service in all 25 autonomous districts by 2017. Those registered as expectant mothers can receive this service.In addition, the public health centers in autonomous districts of Seoul are making preparations for programs like lectures on how to be ready for childbirth, lessons on prenatal care of an unborn child, and breastfeeding classes.Commenting on the programs provided for expectant mothers and infants, Director General Kim Chang-bo in charge of Peoples Health said, It is very important for us to inform people of the importance of pregnancy and childbirth, particularly in this era of low-birth rates, and foster a social atmosphere for taking care of expectant mothers. We will strive to make Seoul an ideal city for giving birth to children and raising them by taking a wide variety of support measures for the children, their mothers, and their households.For inquiries, please contact the Health Promotion Division  02-2133-7579.
At 4 pm on April 7, the SMG and the PyeongChang Organizing Committee for the 2018 Olympic Winter Games (the Organizing Committee) signed an MOU for collaboration towards the successful opening of the landmark event at a ceremony held at the New Seoul City Hall, with relevant officials in attendance including Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon and Chairman Lee Hui-beom of the Organizing Committee.Under the MOU, the SMG will work together with the Organizing Committee through working-level discussions for the following:  publicizing the winter Olympics, using SMG-owned media and public facilities,  special events held to create a favorable atmosphere for the Olympics and collaboration for the Olympic Torch relay,  provision of personnel and materials for the Olympics, and  the sharing of Olympic-related information and materials.Commenting on the MOU, Mayor Park Won-soon said, I sincerely wish to see us Koreans united as one again at the PyeongChang Winter Olympics as in the 1988 Seoul Olympics. We at the SMG will do what we can to help the Organizing Committee make preparations to carry out the monumental event successfully.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to lay the groundwork gradually to provide comprehensive supportive measures for the 50+ generation (those aged 50 to 64) by 2020, the first of its kind set up by a local government in Korea.First, the SMG will establish a small but dedicated network for providing support operating on the axis of 50+ Foundation, 50+ Campus, and 50+ Center.The 50+ Foundation will serve as a control tower and think tank in charge of planning and developing the content. The 50+ Campus will serve as the local platform providing specific education and training. The 50+ Center will serve as a foothold for the establishment of the network in local communities. The SMG will establish six 50+ campuses by 2018 and nineteen 50+ centers by 2020.The 50+ Generation feels uneasy about their future, wishes to continue working, and has no particular goal in mind regarding their careers and aspirations. These support facilities will start providing support for them in three sectors:  Learning and exploration,  Work and participation, and  Culture and infrastructure. Learning and explorationFirst, the following programs will be provided to a total of 350,000 people over the next five years to help them design their second life after retirement: 50+ life schools,  customized advanced courses, 50+ consultants (diverse customized educational/consulting programs.)50+ life schools is a session designed to help citizens set up a new life vision with a focus on time, relationship, residence, gender/lover, future society, travel, economy, work, and other aspects of life. It could be said to be a free semester system for the aged. Those selected from the 50+ consultants course will be trained as consultants for life redesign.50+ campuses aim to produce 200,000 graduates from its 4,000 lectures and 50+ centers, with 14,000 graduates from its 11,000 courses over the next five years. Work and participationThe jobs proposed by the SMG for the 50+ Generation are called encore careers, designed to help them attain individual accomplishments based on their past experience as well as assist them in making valuable social contributions. The jobs will be divided into those in the public sector, where the SMGs fund is invested, and those in the private sector carried out in cooperation with businesses.The jobs in the public sector will be divided into:  those associated with welfare for senior citizens (coordinators for community lounges for senior citizens and for jobs suited for senior citizens)  those focusing on past experience (job/career consultants, those teaching how to share with others, etc.)  those specializing in settlement of local issues (e.g. safety guardians). The SMG expects that 12,000-plus jobs will be created by 2020.As for the jobs in the private sector, a leading type is the Seoul-type Encore Fellowship, targeting retirees from large-sized businesses and financial institutions. These are new job models launched by benchmarking the Encore Fellowship launched by big-name businesses like IBM and Intel. Retirees who have gone through a job-transfer education course are able to work in sectors like information technology, accounting, and financial consulting at non-profit organizations. The SMG will provide job-transfer education and explore avenues for them to work again.The SMG will also explore jobs with new concepts, like homestay businesses for those with assets and foreign language proficiency, docents, local food managers, and operators of cooperatives providing helping hands to SMEs usually suffering from shortages of employees.The SMG will also increase the spaces for development dedicated to retirees from the present 11 to 50 by 2020 and provide support for the establishment of social enterprises and cooperatives. Culture and infrastructureThe SMG will strive to expand the potential of people of the 50+ Generation remaining inactive by hosting exciting meetings to explore their possibilities with them. The SMG will also encourage them to engage in research activities, while developing such programs on an open competition basis.The SMG will also hold international conferences and forums associated with such ideas, while striving to find role models among the 50+ Generation.The SMG plans to invest a total of 195.6 billion won in the 50+ comprehensive supportive measures over the next five years and establish a web-like support network in cooperation with the National Pension Service (NPS), the Seoul Business Agency (SBA), and the private sector.On the morning of June 1, the SMG held an event celebrating the launch of the 50+ Foundation and a ceremony for signing agreements with relevant institutions at Seoul City Hall. That afternoon, the ceremony for the opening of the first 50+ campus was held at the Seoul Innovation Park in Eunpyeong-gu.Commenting on the SMGs plan for provision of comprehensive supportive measures for the 50+ Generation, Mayor Park Won-soon said, Failure to use the experience and wisdom accumulated by those of the the 50+ Generation is a great loss at the national level. It is high time to launch measures designed for them. With the 50+ Generation becoming active, the result will provide benefits to both young people and senior citizens. It is hoped that those belonging to this age group will take part in the program designed to provide them with a second life and breathe life into the entire city.For inquiries, please call the Second Life Support Division  02-2133-7798.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide a variety of activities and events designed to attract childrens interest in Taegukgi (National Flag of South Korea) at the 550m-long pedestrian street of Sejong-daero on June 5, 2016. The events include a session for learning how to draw the Taegukgi.The SMG will also hold programs for families in Gwanghwamun Square until October as shown in the following table:
Part-time work is usually the first job done by most young people in their life. Thus, part-time work often leaves people with precious memories of their youth. In consideration of this, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has decided to help part-time workers not receive unreasonable treatment from their employers, and thus has recruited 100 guardians, who will watch to ensure that young part-time workers rights are protected properly.The guardians will undergo 40 hours of job-related education about labor laws and counseling skills, check the status of the workplaces where the young people work, and help them receive reasonable treatment. They will also distribute standard employment contract forms for the part-timers to refer to that explain their rights as employees.Where it is judged that professional consulting is required, the guardians will advise part-time workers to call the Seoul Labor Center or SMG officials in charge of protection of workers rights.The SMG will also launch a community where young part-time workers can share information and communicate with each other, while helping them gain their rights through seminars on labor laws and workers rights.The SMG will provide educational sessions on workers rights in order to prevent young people from suffering disadvantages due to ignorance. It also plans to develop programs within the year designed to heal the mind of young people hurt from their emotional labor. For inquiries, please call the Job Policy Division (02-2133-5438).
The very first SMG-run job caf has opened near Hongik University Station. It provides young people with general services associated with preparations for landing a job.The job caf, which was announced in February, is part of the support system provided to young job seekers. Private institutions will work together with the SMG to provide updated job information. It is drawing attention as the first of its kind attempted by a public institution.
Those interested can look up the following information from the large smartphone-shaped kiosk placed within the caf: public/private institutions recruiting people,  a calendar marking institutions recruiting people through open competition,  job application strategy,  peoples introduction of the businesses they are working for,  samples of self-introduction, etc.The job caf also plans to provide the following: consulting for those looking for jobs, how to draw up a resume and cover letter, special lectures given by those in charge of recruitment of employees for businesses, and dialogues with business CEOs. Name and location of the job cafe: Media Cafe {Hu:} near Exit 2, Hongik University Station
The SMG disclosed a plan to increase the number of women protection facilities, particularly those returning home late at night, from the present 673 to 1,000. The new plan will use big data Seoul Policy Map regarding spatial information that analyzed the following:  areas where there are many women living alone,  sex crime-prone areas and  areas where there are many bars and nightlife spots.The plan includes the use of 24-hour convenience stores to offer protection to women returning home late at night and help women in danger. Emergency bells and the no-dialing system (When the phone is put off, it is automatically linked to the police) in those locations enables for the police to be dispatched to the scene.The SMG also provides wireless emergency bells to convenience stores. In an emergency situation, these bells kept in the pocket are used to call the police to rush to the scene with a simple push of a button.According to the SMG, 673 24-hour convenience stores in the city have helped women in need of emergency aid at night in a total of 171 cases since February 2014. The system is the first of its kind adopted by a local government.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government, together with Rotary International, will host the 3K Walk for Peace event, which will start at 9:00 am on May 28, 2016 with 5,000-plus people from 160 countries in attendance. Participants will walk the total distance of 3km from the Seoul Plaza to the Gwanghwamun Plaza and then back to the Seoul Plaza in their traditional clothes, praying for world peace.The event is the first official international event held by Rotary International from May 28 to June 1 to express the desire for peace of the people the world over.Celebrities taking part in the event will include Rotary International President K.R. Ravindran, Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon, and American, German, and Irish Ambassadors. Mr. K.R. Ravindran is known for stopping the Sri Lankan War to conduct polio vaccinations.Ancillary events will include the Rotary International Photos Exhibition at the Gwanghwamun Plaza Ganggangsuwolrae (a traditional Korean dance performed by a group of women that was first held to pray for a bountiful harvest and has developed into a cultural symbol for the country), and a large-scale Flash Mob designed for world peace and reconciliation at Seoul Plaza.
Rotary International was established the worlds first organization assembled to carry out volunteer services. It has 1.23 million members worldwide. At present, it engages in programs to get rid of polio, eradicate illiteracy, train next-generation leaders, and provide medical services.The Rotary International Convention is held annually, in a different country every year. The event is attended by about 50,000 people (including 25,000 people from 160 countries). It is expected that this years event in Seoul will produce 292.5 billion won worth of economic ripple effects, including the occupation of 5,288 guestrooms in 56 hotels and the use of 1,500 chartered buses.The SMG launched a special team for providing support for the international event in April in the safety, transportation, and tourism sectors.Commenting on the event, Director General Kim Eui-seung of the Tourism and Sports Bureau of the SMG said, We are providing full support for the success of this international event, which will be the largest ever event of its kind. We expect the event to go a long way towards the enhancement of the image of Seoul and the invigoration of the local economy.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government intends to improve the pedestrian crossing sign system as part of the comprehensive plan Walk, Seoul designed to make Seoul a city striving for pedestrians safety and convenience. The SMG plans to adopt a staggering system for pedestrian crossings in cooperation with the Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency. Under the plan, the pedestrian crossing time will be lengthened during rush hour or on specific days of the week.At present, the pedestrian crossing time is the same around the clock, with no consideration given to changing traffic volume or pedestrian characteristics. By improving the system, it is expected that pedestrians will be able to cross streets more conveniently during rush hours and lunch hours.The Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency has been testing the system in five areas including Dongnimmun Station Crossing since April 2014 and is gradually expanding the areas based on an analysis of the results.The SMG will increase the areas where the new system is applied to 124 pedestrian crossings in the city. It will continue to improve the system by analyzing pedestrian characteristics by days of the week and hours of the day at 50 selected pedestrian crossings or where the number of pedestrians is increased sharply on weekends or public holidays in association with leisure activities or shopping.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to provide career support services in four major centers within the city for people with developmental disabilities by allocating them for door-to-door delivery services in order to help them stand on their own through vocational rehabilitation.The plan is an enlarged version of the good-quality job model established by the Municipal Job Support Center for the Disabled of Nowon District, where 23 people with developmental disabilities earn 60 million won a year by engaging in door-to-door delivery service for 5,000 households in neighboring apartments.The SMG plans to expand such a service carried out by people with developmental disabilities and provide them with additional support.There are a total of 121 vocational rehabilitation facilities for the disabled in Seoul. Using these facilities as footholds, it is not necessary to provide separate spaces. The SMG will expand the right of the disabled for job selection by expanding their jobs from the currently concentrated on secondary industries like simple manufacturing or processing to farming, service, and culture/arts sectors.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is holding a hackathon, where 400-plus people are gathered for discussion about how to settle urban issues associated with welfare, environment, culture/environment, and transportation faced by Seoul. Hackathon (hacker + marathon) refers to a lengthy discussion to reach a result about a specific subject.The SMG is holding an IHackathonU (Make Seoul Better) session in an effort to settle urban issues of Seoul together with people on June 25. Anyone interested in these issues can take part.
The SMG intends to use the event as an opportunity to explore realizable technological proposals and link it with its efforts to produce innovative products, policies, and programs.Those interested in taking part in the 30 hour-long session need to apply through http://hackatseoul.com/ no later than June 3.For inquiries, please call the Seoul Business Agency (SBA) (02-2222-3839).
On May 20, 2016, the Seoul Metropolitan Government designated a total of 26 experts specializing in brand, marketing, and communication as members of the Seoul Brand Committee at a ceremony held at Seoul City Hall.The committee is a legal committee based on the Seoul City Symbol-related Ordinance, promulgated and implemented on the day preceding the day of the designation.The SMG set up the lineup that will work on the solid establishment of  as a brand representing people in Seoul by calling up members of the Seoul Brand Promotion Committee, celebrities known for their skills in marketing, management, advertisers, and councilors.For the application and the spread of brand led by the citiznes, as a leader of public-private governance, the committee will play various roles including consulting and coordinating concerning the publicizing of the Seoul City Brand , making strategies to push ahead with relevant collaboration in the public/private sectors, and promote Seoul City brand-related policies
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced a plan to build the Seoul Archives, the first of its kind to be built by a local government, for the management and preservation of valuable records, including important documents whose official period of preservation stands at 30 years or longer. The facility will also allow people to gain access to the materials they need, and learn how records are preserved.The work for the facility (total floor space: 15,004) will be completed by 2018. It will be composed of  preservation spaces,  spaces for peoples participation,  and spaces for working on records. The SMG plans to use the facility as one designed to enhance the quality of Seoul as a city of history and culture, promote peoples access to knowledge, and foster an atmosphere conducive to participation and collaboration.With the overall amendment of the Act on the Management of Public Archives in 2007, local governments, including the SMG, were required to operate a facility for the management of their administrative records. The SMG will become the first local government to comply with the requirement upon the completion of the Seoul Archives. The SMG plans to sort out the records collected by the facility according to their subjects, sources and periods, create diverse contents based on the records and provide them for the people interested for a variety of purposes.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has installed a new media facade equipped with updated hardware and software at the bus transit platform of Seoul Station. The term Media Facade is often associated with over-dimensional screens and animated, illuminated advertising. The facade itself is dematerialized and turned into one huge advertising medium for sending messages. It has emerged as a new architectural trend in the 21st Century. Its definition and display quality are improving daily. Real-time monitoring and marking of information has been made possible through the use of a remote control.The SMG has operated media facades in 12 bus transit platforms at Seoul Station since July 2009. It has adopted a new system with improved resolution, durability, and software to help people use the platforms more conveniently. The newly adopted system also indicates bus routes and numbers.
 Recruiting Divisions List Eligibility Working Hours : Mon.~Fri. from 09:00 to 16:00(1hr. lunch break) Wage(including stipend for transportation, food, etc.) : 37,200 won per day Major Events : Orientation(7.4), Seoul Field Trip(7.15), Volunteer Activity(7.29), Closing Ceremony(8.22)   The above schedule is subject to change.  Document Screening Interview Final Result Announcement : 2016.6.16(Thu.) (by email and mobile message) Applicants that have passed the final round will be informed individually by email and mobile message. Interns may not be selected if there are no applicants qualified for a specific division or dept. For further information, send all inquiries to the Seoul Metropolitan Government, Multiculturalism Division at 02-2133-5076.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the 2016 Measures against Summer Disasters and Safety Accidents, in an effort to reduce the damage caused by natural disasters and prevent epidemics.The SMG will begin by increasing the number of locations used for monitoring precipitation (to a total of 116 spots in the 25 autonomous districts) and improve the monitoring system (including real-time diffusion of action guidelines for citizens through online media in a crisis situation).To prevent infectious diseases, the SMG will strengthen the monitoring system against acute epidemics, using 1,542 hospitals and pharmacies as monitors of disease-related information.The SMG will also step up efforts to keep resort facilities safe, including safety checkups of the 74 resorts and performance locations in the city based on the relevant manual, in collaboration with autonomous district offices and local fire stations.The summer-related measures announced by the SMG include details concerning the following areas:
 flood,  safety,  health/hygiene, and  summer heat. Flood: Customized anti-disaster measures for flood vulnerable areas, including prompt steps to effectively manage the situation and take preemptive measures
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will run a riverside drone park at Gwangnaru Hangang Park, from June, 2016.Here, the citizens can fly their hobbyist drones weigting less than 12kg without obtaining a flight approval at an altitude of less than 150m.The SMG will install information signs, a drone racing area, and a drone pilots lounge at the park and hold drone racing competitions.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the Basic Plan for Remodeling Apartments 2025 under the new concept of Seoul-Type Remodeling.Under the concept of Seoul-Type Remodeling, public support is provided for the remodeling of apartments, and the parking lots and ancillary facilities of the rennovated buildings are available to the local community, which leads to the expansion of the public space.Under the concept, the SMG will enhance the sustainability of residences, particularly for apartments more than 15 years old, through public financial support associated with the work and relevant expert consulting.Now, lets look at how Seoul-Type Remodeling is carried out. Remodeling for an increase in the number of households through horizontal or vertical extension
Extensions will be allowed for up to two floors for apartments with 14 stories or less, and for up to three floors for apartments with 15 stories or more. Customized remodeling for a low-expense improved residential environment
 A total of 1,870 apartment complexes in Seoul are thought to fall under this category.It is expected that the project will kill two birds (local regeneration and community building) with one stone. The SMG will provide administrative support for the project, including the launch of a support center, which will provide relevant information and consulting for initial project-related analyses.The SMG will also provide financial support so as to continue to carry out the Seoul-Type Remodeling project. It also plans to push forward with related pilot projects for apartment complexes in the north of the Hangang River whose remodeling plans have so far stalled.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is adopting a road diet project to widen neighborhood sidewalks to create more pleasant and safer pedestrian paths.The road diet is being adopted to realize the goal of Seoul, A City for Walkers. The SMG has made the efforts in downtown and on the outskirts of downtown, and is now expanding it to neighborhood areas (10 areas to start, and 20 areas by the yearend).Design and contractual work for the project will be carried out by autonomous district offices, which will listen to the opinions of locals and submit the results of their deliberation on transportation safety facilities with local situations taken into account to the SMG.The SMG is pushing forward with one detailed program after another to realize the goal of Seoul, A City for Walkers. The Road Diet is one of these programs.For inquiries, please call the Pedestrian and Bicycle Department ( 02-2133-2417).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is adopting the Workers Participation in Managemetny system in order to establish a new management system seeking for win-win relationships and collaboration, which will be the first system of its kind adopted by a local government. Under the system, which will be adopted at 15 SMG-run or invested corporations, industrial complexes, and institutions, one or two representatives of employees will take part in a session of the Board of Directors.Mayor Park Won-soon disclosed the plan for the system when he announced how to innovate SMG-invested institutions in November 2014. Since May 2015, the SMG, jointly with the Korea Labor Institute, has carried out research on how to adopt an employee-management relations model for SMG-invested institutions, and has listened to the opinions of individuals in labor, business management, and academic circles.The system will be adopted at 15 SMG-run or invested corporations, industrial complexes, and institutions with 30 or more employees, with one or two (equal to roughly a third of the number of non-standing directors) employee representatives given seats in the Board of Directors.The representatives of employees will be allowed to exercise their voting rights on major items of deliberation, including business plans, budget, and amendments to articles of incorporation, as well as asset disposition as stipulated in the laws and articles of incorporation. It is expected that they will express the opinions of employees based on their experience and knowledge, as opposed to those of executive members.The representatives of employees are required to comply with the relevant laws and articles of incorporations, as executive members are. They will be subject to the Criminal Act if they are found to have received bribery, for example.The representatives of employees will be appointed through an open process and by the recommendation of the Directors Recommendation Committee. Members of the labor union appointed as the representatives of employees are required to withdraw from the labor union. Their term will be for three years under the Local Public Enterprises Act.One of the merits of the adoption of the new system is the expected reduction of expenses related to social conflict, including labor-management conflicts, which are said to amount to 24.6 trillion won every year. The SMG expects that the adoption of the system will go a long way to reduce such conflicts.The adoption of the the employee director system is stated in the OECD Guidelines on Corporate Governance of State-Owned Enterprises (enacted in 2005 and amended on 2015). Its effects are recognized by the European Parliament and the World Economic Forum.The SMG will hold relevant policy discussion sessions to make the new system one that fits comfortably into the countrys situation and obtain a broad consensus on its features, with consideration that it is the first system of its kind adopted in the country.Commenting on the plan for adoption of the said system, Mayor Park Won-soon said, We will realize the goal of collaborative governance in public businesses so that their management may be carried out more transparently, and their main goal may be service for people, bearing in mind that all stakeholders are the owners and consumers of public businesses. No system can get optimal results without participants devoted efforts. It is hoped that this system will make solid progress through the blessings and positive participation of all parties concerned.
"The Seoul Metropolitan Governments 2025 Basic Plan for Overhaul of Urban/Residential Environment, which will serve as the groundwork of an overhaul of commercial/semi-industrial areas in three underdeveloped areas and seven metropolitan centers, has passed the deliberation process. The basic direction of the plan is the securing of urban competitiveness with a strategy of promotion of a differentiated overhaul of different areas with a focus on preservation and development.The content of the urban regeneration project is as follows:	 The securing of local competitiveness with a differentiated strategy of development focused on each local center"
 Downtown areas surrounded by the Seoul City Wall will be preserved, while other downtown centers in Yeongdeungpo, Yongsan, and Cheongnyangni will be developed with a focus on each local center through the reorganization of the areas to be overhauled. Reinvigoration of downtown areas through preservation of history/culture-related areas and regeneration of downtown
 Management will be reinforced so as to not let the height of newly built buildings in downtown areas exceed 90m [the height of the four inner mountains (Bugaksan, Naksan, Namsan, and Inwangsan)], to help people enjoy the mountain scenery as much as possible and to maintain harmony with neighboring buildings. Customized regeneration with local characteristics taken into account
Under the stewardship of Mayor Park Won-soon, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has been striving to increase the number of public daycare centers since 2012. As a result of these efforts, the number of daycares has increased from 658 at the end of 2011 to 844 by the end of 2014. In 2015 and 2016 (up to the end of April), 156 have been added to the list. Songjeong Haetsal Daycare Center was newly opened on May 9, becoming the 1,000th public daycare opened in Seoul. The number of newly opened public daycare centers in SeoulAccording to the SMG, the adoption of a low-cost, high-efficiency model has contributed greatly to the increase in the number of public daycare centers in Seoul. The model refers to a method of using the land provided by private businesses, religious organizations, schools, and other organizations, as well as unused spaces attached to public buildings. Two hundred thirty (or 67%) of the newly opened centers during the period were opened based on this method.The percentage of public centers is now 15.5%, in comparison to 10.8% in 2011. The number of staff at public daycare centers has also increased by 53%, from 8,073 to 12,408 in the same period, resulting in the improvement of the service quality and an increase in the number of jobs.Commenting on the increase in the number of public daycare centers in the city, Mayor Park Won-soon said, I am happy to see the opening of the 1,000th public daycare center and hope that this will serve as an occasion for the determination for provision of high quality service for children. We at the SMG will see to it that parents can trust these facilities to care for their children as if they were their own family.
In 2016, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will carry out a project aimed at transforming dilapidated park playgrounds into safe and creative spaces for children. The transformation of twenty selected playgrounds will be completed by the end of the year through the participation of local residents.Funding for the overhaul of eighteen of the twenty selected playgrounds will be provided by the SMG, and two will be funded by private organizations.Mirim Childrens Park (111 in size), one of the twenty selected locations, has been turned into a space equipped with orange-colored pipe chairs, so now childtrend love the place. Eighteen other playgrounds will be overhauled and reopened this year as places containing stories that children will love.The project is part of the promise made by the SMG in 2015 to make playgrounds activity centers for local residents, and The SMG will continue to encourage local residents to be actively engaged in the progress of the project including designing and monitoring.
Poverty, food shortages, health, imbalance in education, gender inequality, energy depletion, shortage of jobs, climate change, and the income gap are among the greatest problems facing humankind.The international community has made efforts to solve these global problems in the 2001-2015 period under the Millennium Development Goals (MDGs) and made significant achievement. Still, there is no denying that there are many obstacles to be overcome. Natural disasters are getting worse in the midst of abnormal climate change. Polarization is getting more serious due to income inequality. There are children deprived of the opportunity for education. The situation regarding womens social participation needs to be improved drastically. Unless these problems are solved once and for all, younger generations of people will face a dismal future.In September 2015, the heads of more than 190 countries unanimously adopted the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, with 17 goals in a bid to create solutions to these problems through joint efforts.As part of such efforts, the SMG, jointly with the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (UNESCAP) and the CITYNET: The Regional Network of Local Authorities for the Management of Human Settlements, intends to hold the International Forum on Urban Policy for the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) in Seoul from June 8 through June 10 this year. The importance of the role and responsibility of cities and local governments in execution of MDGs has been widely acknowledged. Likewise, we cannot overemphasize their core role in the execution and attainment of SDGs, considering that more than half of the world population now reside in cities.Participants in the forum will make joint efforts to solve diverse urban problems, exchanging opinions on sustainable urban development policies, sharing advanced knowhow with each other, and establishing partnerships for inter-city collaboration. We at the SMG will do our best to make the forum a successful event by providing positive support for constructive discussions about diverse issues.
On May 2, the Seoul Metropolitan Government announced a plan for the development of an underground town in Yeondongdaero [the COEX-Samseong Station-Hyundai Global Business Center (GBC) section] with a size of 30 ballparks.The 630m-long (70m wide and 51m deep) section between Samseong Station (Subway Line-2) and Bongeunsa Station (Subway Line-9) will be turned into the underground town. It will be the largest in the countrys history of underground development. The underground town will have a set of complex public infrastructure, including an integrated subway station, a subway-bus transit center, a city airport terminal, and cultural facilities.First, an integrated railway station will be built that will encompass Samseong-Dongtan Railway Express, an extended KTX line, GTX-A, GTX-C, Nambu Railway Express, and the Wirye-Sinsa Line, which go through Samseong Station. The SMG is reviewing how to build the best possible railway station from a variety of perspectives.The City Airport Terminal, which is in the COEX building, will be relocated to the underground town to meet an increase in the demand for international business associated with the GBC and the MICE (Meeting, Incentive Tour, Convention, and Exhibition/Event) facilities. Passengers will then be able to check in on B1 level and then take an airport bus or Subway Line-9 on B2 level.The new underground town will link the COEX Mall with the soon to be built GBC Mall. On the ground level, COEX will be conveniently linked to the GBC. The ground level will be linked to the underground town through a pedestrian network.With the completion of the work for the integrated station, the number of people going through the underground town will amount to 400,000 a day on average, about 1.3 times the number of those using Seoul Station, thus making the area the hub of the countrys public transportation network.By 2021, when the Samseong-Dongtan Railway Express is opened, the travel time between Dongtan and Gangnam will be reduced from the present 41-66 minutes to about 20 minutes. The travel time between Samseong Station and Seoul City Hall will be only 5 minutes with the opening of the GTX-A Line (Samseong-KINTEX).
On April 30, the SMG officially opened Seoul e-Stadium. A ceremony celebrating the opening of the e-Stadium was held on the same day, with many people in attendance, including Mayor Park Won-soon, Sports Minister Kim Jong-deok, and CJ E&M President Kim Seong-su.The e-Stadium has been built with the investment of a total of 53.5 billion won (27.5 billion won by the SMG, 16 billion won by the Ministry of Culture, Sports, and Tourism, and 10 billion won by CJ E&M, which will serve as the operating business), on broadcast facilities and the interior.The construction plan was set up in 2009 and the work was completed on February 20, 2015. Prior to the official opening on April 30, the stadium went through a period of trial operation.The Seoul e-Stadium boasts a theater-like facility featuring comfortable spectator seats, a high-end sound system, a spacious players locker room, a bathroom for players, and a gigabit internet broadcast facility.Commenting on the stadium, Mayor Park, Won-soon said, e-Sport is a promising industry which has an infinite development and is popular mainly among peope in 10s and 20s It is expected to develop rapidly as a professional sports industry, given its level of participation. We at the SMG will strive to focus on the invigoration of its positive aspects so that it may grow as a mature industry and part of the culture representing young people.
The SMG announced a measure named Special City Respecting Workers Rights 2016, which includes seven promises, in an effort to improve workplace environments and job instability, as well as put an end to the infringement of workers rights.Promise 1: One-stop settlement of cases associated with workers rights
Seoul City officials will help low-income workers (those earning 2.5 million or less a month) suffering delayed wage payment, unjustifiable dismissal, or industrial injury by providing free consulting and engaging in an administrative lawsuit on their behalf. The service will be provided even to those not recognized as workers under labor laws, such as sub drivers, motorcycle couriers, and those engaging in door-to-door delivery service.Promise-2: Elimination of labor rights-related blind zones
The SMG will dispatch labor rights experts for those working at small-sized workplaces with less than five employees, for example convenience stores and PC bangs, to help workers not familiar with workers rights. The SMG will also provide interpreters to the seven migrant workers support centers in Seoul for a similar purpose.In 2017, the SMG will provide resting places for sub drivers and motorcycle couriers. The SMG will also check to see what it can do for them in collaboration with municipal financial welfare consulting centers and facilities for workers health about their welfare and opportunities to find other jobs.Promise-3: Expansion of the scope of beneficiaries of the living wage system
The SMG will gradually expand the scope of beneficiaries of the living wage system by having SMG-entrusted private institutions adopt the system, the first step of its kind taken by a local government. Effective July 2016, the system will apply to 1,480-plus workers at a total of 280 such institutions. The SMG will also provide incentives to private businesses taking part in the system.Promise-4: Turning non-regular workers into regular workers
The step taken by the SMG for turning 7,296 non-regular workers under its control into regular workers, which was begun in 2012, will be completed by the end of 2016. Those under the control of autonomous district offices (635 in total) will also be turned into regular workers by 2020. The SMG will see to it that no non-regular workers are hired by bodies under its control.Promise-5: Reduction of work hours
The SMG started taking measures for this in 2015 and will apply it to the Seoul Credit Guarantee Foundation and the Seoul Medical Center under its control. The SMG will apply these measures to all of the 19 SMG-invested institutions by 2018.Promise-6: Adoption of a system having workers attend the Board of Directors meetings
This system has been adopted by 18 countries in Europe. The SMG will listen to peoples opinions at hearing sessions before adopting the system. The system will be first adopted by SMG-invested institutions, where an agreement has been reached between the workers and management on adoption of the system, in October 2016.Promise-7: Establishment of a labor policy network
Effective May 1, areas within 10m of subway entrances in Seoul are designated as No Smoking Zone. Smokers are required to identify No Smoking Zone near subway stations. A violator will be fined 100,000 won, as of September 1.The step taken by the SMG is in consideration of the fact that the subway is the most frequently used public transportation, and the need to protect non-smokers from second-hand smoke has been proven to be crucial to public health.The SMG will inform people of the said designation and ask for smokers positive cooperation. Starting in June, the SMG will engage in concentrated control of areas close to subway entrances based on the results of the monitoring.
The SMG plans to make PLATFORM Chang-dong 61 a cultural hotspot in the northwestern section of the city, in addition to having it serve as the engine for the local economy.PLATFORM Chang-dong 61 is a project designed to create a new economic center encompassing Chang-dong and Sanggye-dong. The project will include performance facilities, knowledge-based R&D facilities, an industrial complex, and a public transportation transit center. It aims to attract a thousand businesses and create 80,000 jobs.The location has a performance venue made from shipping containers named Red Box, where rock and hip-hop concerts will be held.
A three-story structure (with the total floor space of 2,241.98), PLATFORM Chang-dong 61 is located within a minutes walk from Exit 1, Changdong Station. It will accommodate facilities for music, food, fashion, photography, community activities, restaurants, stores, and cafes.The area is expected to serve as the first step for the project aimed at forming a new economic center in Chang-dong and Sanggye-dong.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is continuing to build a series of Urban Trails: five walking trails of 25.4 in the heart of Seoul within the four main gates in Seoul, a city with a large floating population and 600 years of historical and cultural resources.Once the trails are completed, five walking routes, including Connecting Trail Old Scenery Trail Forever-young Trail Jongno Unjong Trail Cheonggye Water Trail will connect the center of Seoul in a grid.Each route and trail will feature major attractions and unique characteristics.First, Connecting Trails (circle route, 9.5) starts at Seoul Station, the center of modern transportation and once the major gate of Seoul. The trail then leads through Jeong-dong  Gwanghwamun  Insa-dong  Heunginjimun Gate  Myeong-dong and then back to Seoul Station. It is the only circular route among the five trails.Old Scenery Trail (4.5) starts from Waryong Park and goes through Unhyeonggung Palace, leading to the intersection of Toegye-ro 2ga. You can look around and enjoy a traditional atmosphere walking on the trail.Forever-young Trail (3.8) starts at Hyehwamun, which had disappeared in the Japanese occupation period and was restored as a part of the Hanyang Wall in 1992. The trail leads to Daehangno, the representative area of culture and art, and Dongdaemun Market, the fashion zone. The trail is full of art and culture, with youth and passion.Jongno Unjong Trail (4.0km) starts at Seodaemun and goes through the Jongno area, where you can observe its living culture. The trail was named after Unjong Street, which indicated the area and translates to people gathering around like clouds.Finally, Cheoggye Water Trail (3.6km) goes through the old site of the National Tax Service leading to Seun Plaza, the first multi-purpose building in Korea where the urban regeneration project is in progress. You can enjoy a variety of cultural events and food through the restored Cheonggyecheon Stream.On the Urban Trails, road stripes will indicate the start and finish points, 100m intervals, and information points using the BI of Walk, Seoul, so that anyone can easily recognize them. Historical sites including the old city office, the old National Assembly building, and the old site of six administrative offices will be indicated so as to easily understand the history of each site by installing and rearranging the signs.The SMG will also improve walking convenience and safety by creating and relocating crosswalks and organizing obstructions causing inconveniences to walking, such as inappropriate braille blocks and bollards.The SMG has announced the urban trail construction plan, including the details above, and has stated that it will complete the 6km upper section of Connecting Trail (Seoul Station  Gwanghwamun- Heunginjimun Gate) within the first half of the year, and complete the other 4 trails within the year. The rest of Connecting Trail is scheduled to be finished by April 2017 in accordance with the Seoul Station 7017 Project.For foreigners, including tourists, to easily enjoy the urban trails, the official website of Seoul tourism (www.visitseoul.net) and the I tour Seoul application will provide foreign language services (texts and voices) in English, Chinese, and Japanese, and other languages. Contact: Walking & Bicycle Division +82-2-2133-2413 Seoul Station 7017 Project Policies  Article on Namsan Mountain Yejangjarak Ecology Restoration and Regeneration  Article on Seun Plaza Regeneration
In order to celebrate the month of family in May, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has prepared a variety of cultural experience programs where multi-cultural families can enjoy themselves.The Seoul Global Cultural Center in Myeong-dong is conducting 7 programs every day from May 3 (Tue.)  8 (Sun.). The center is located in the Myeong-dong area, which many foreign tourists visit, to provide foreign residents with opportunities to experience Korean culture and supply useful information for living in Korea. Month of Family Event Schedule and Application of Seoul Global Cultural Center
If you are a fashion enthusiast interested in viewing and purchasing the latest fashion trends, visit the Dongdaemun Showroom in Seoul.In DDP, the Seoul Metropolitan Government opened the Dongdaemun Showroom, which will exhibit and sell fashion brand products created by up-and-coming designers and serve as a platform for joint businesses to expand overseas. It is the first public showroom established and operated by a local government.The Showroom is a B2B fashion distribution project that features exhibitions of samples to potential buyers and make contracts and orders through consultations. The SMG has selected 100 brands (80% clothing, 10% accessories, 10% other goods) to feature in the Showroom.The SMG decided to implement the project in order to reimagine the fashion trading area of Dongdaemun, which has been shrinking due to rapid growth of the on-line market, and to support new and potential designers in their expansion overseas.In the 1,440 area of the DDP, approximately 200 small businesses related to fashion, designers, and potential designers brands are recruited, moving in and out every season.Its opening serves as a opportubity to fulfill the promise made by Mayor Park Won-soon after collecting opinions from fashion-related industries during the Employment Trail in October 2015.
The Seoul Friendship Fair, where visitors can experience different cultures from all over the world, will be held on May 7-8, at Seoul Plaza, Seoul City Hall, streets of Mugyo-dong, and Cheonggyecheon-ro.This year, the festival will be the biggest ever, presenting performances by groups invited from 15 international sister cities as well as a world food fair featuring 62 countries.The world tourism fair provides information on participating countries and formed photo zones of tourist attractions all over the world, where visitors can take pictures to experience the unique cultures of each country.Date: May 7-8, 2016
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced a master plan and guidelines for each facility comprising the International Complex in the Jamsil Sports Complex area. By the year 2025, the 414,205 area is going to be transformed into a hub of international business exchange, leading the future global competitiveness of Seoul.The SMG set the plan to preserve and regenerate the main stadium, saving the value and historical significance of the venue of the 1988 Olympics. Based on this background, the city plans to recreate the area as a global MICE hub through exhibitions, conventions, performances, and entertainment spaces mingled together. The existing sports facilities including the baseball stadium, the swimming pool, and the gymnasium will be rearranged and reconstructed.For example, the baseball stadium will be moved to the riverside of Hangang River, and is expected to be a unique attraction of the city where 35,000 people can enjoy the games, a scale larger than ever before.For MICE facilities, exhibition and convention facilities covering 100,000 or more will be available for exclusive use, and a high-end hotel with 1,500 rooms will be constructed. The exhibition and convention facilities occupying 195,000 will be an exhibition & convention cluster on an international scale.Its administrative procedures will start in 2016 and 2019 through three phases the construction is scheduled to begin in 2025.
A new welfare project in which private corporations invest in public works in return for financial support and other rewards if the projects are successful has been completed. The first SIB (Social Impact Bond) project has attracted a sufficient number of private investors to be implemented. It will be the first of its kind in Korea as well as in Asia.At 3 p.m. on April 25th, the Seoul Metropolitan Government and Pan-Impact Korea held the 1st SIB inauguration ceremony to announce the commencement of the project. In the ceremony, the CEO of Pan-Impact Korea Gwak Je-hun presented the progress of the Seoul SIB project and announced that the MOU on Cooperation has been finalized between Institutions Participating in the 1st SIB Project. Institutions include the operating agency (Pan-Impact Korea), the investors (PPL Korea, UBS, MY Social Company), and the executing agency (Daegyo Culture Foundation Consortium).As SIB injects budgets only when a project yields successful results, it is widely considered to be a mutually beneficial project, allowing public institutions to minimize administrative expense wastage and affording the institutions willing to invest an opportunity to practice social responsibilities in addition to receiving returns on their successful investments.The first SIB project, which starts in July, is set to help children in child welfare institutions (group homes) in need of social protection return to their families and stand on their own feet through home care and education. In the welfare institutions, 2 guardians and 5-7 children form a household. The education provides appropriate intervention programs to improve the mental health, social skills, and intellectual development of the children for 3 years, with the goal of developing independent, successful citizens.This project aims to improve their social and intellectual qualities, and its performance indicators are an improvement in independence and a decrease in maladaptive behaviors. The requirements for success are a rise in the results of the TRF (Teacher Report Form) for the children compared to before the education and an improvement in the childs intelligence indicators to the national standard. If a third assessment institution assesses the project as successful, the SMG will reimburse the private institutions expenses as well as deliver additional incentives. The payment does not guarantee the principal according to the rate of successful children. SIB System 
Jamsil Hangang Park is a perfect place for children to experience the wonders of ecology.  In addition to being a nature learning park where you can find Korean indigenous flowers, in the Fish Path beneath Jamsil Bridge, you can observe fish go past the path and upstream through underwater periscopes.Turn again upstream and cross the Seongnaecheon Stream, and you arrive at Gwangnaru Hangang Park. Located beneath Gwangjin Bridge, Gwangnaru Bicycle Park offers the chance to see rail bikes, BMX, and other unique bicycles perform tricks and ride along the path.Leaving the bicycle park behind and walking further upstream, you find Amsa Ecological Park. Organized in pathways, Amsa Ecological Park trails allow you to admire the beautiful spring scenery created by a variety of plants and flowers, including bridal wreath, violet, dandelion, shepherds purse, celandine, lilac, as well as seasonal trees. Every month, experience programs such as ecology and observation classes are conducted. Crossing the overpass from Seoul Forest toward the Hangang River, you arrive at Seongsu Bridge. An approximately 1.5km-long trail extends straight upstream. Walking towards Cheongdam Bridge, you can see Ttukseom Hangang Park. In the park, you should not miss the music fountain. Jets of water provide a comfortable, scenic rest and an exciting spectacle to citizens, who dance to the cheerful tunes.Taking steps back upstream, you find Jamsil Railroad Bridge. Keep going upstream, and you reach Gwangjin Bridge. Along on the walkway on the bridge, you can go to the observatory under the bridge. On Gwangjin Bridge 8th Street, different performances and exhibitions are held every month, so you can enjoy a wide variety of cultural events.If you want to walk along the second trail, look around the Hinoki cypress forest newly organized this year in Ttukseom Hangang Park. In the 5,000 area, a total of 650 trees, including 600 cypress trees and 4 kinds of needle-leaf trees such as pine and fir, have been planted. You can stroll in the woods anytime in the middle of the city. In the forest, you can find Rainbow Scent Garden with 1,100 rosebushes and 30,000 flowers of 20 kinds, including lilies and tulips, planted in a rainbow shape.The best attraction in the spring in the section of Jamwon  Banpo Hangang Park and Ichon Hangang Park is the rape flower garden in Seorae Island. Early in May, you can enjoy the picturesque scenery in Seorae Island all covered with yellow rape flowers. The park is also famous for the best night view along the Hangang River. During the day, lines of tulips and white fringe trees extending from the information center of Banpo Hangang Park to Seorae Island make up a magnificent view, and during the nighttime, the ever-changing colorful lights on the outer wall of the Floating Island give a wondrous variety of spectacles.In Ichon Hangang Park, you can see poppies along the bicycle path. At the end of May, the refreshing green barley garden spreads out as well.
Last but not least is the section of Mangwon Hangang Park  Seongsan Bridge  Mapo Bridge. If you would like to walk in silence with a breeze from the river, the 5km-path extending straight along the bicycle path and the walkway behind the pools of Mangwon Hangang Park all the way to Mapo Bridge is recommended. Nanji Hangang Park is just down the river.The spring flowers found in the 4th path include tulips in south of Yanghwa Bridge, royal azalea and bridal wreaths in the section of the confluence of Anyangcheon Stream  Gayang Bridge  poppies in the section of Seongsan Bridge  Yanghwa Bridge rape flowers in the reed breeze path in Nanji Hangang Park. Also, do not miss the special flowerbeds in Hangang Parks, such as the Moonlight Flower Path in the Banpo Park and the Butterfly Flowerbeds and the Tulip Path in Yeouido Park.
On April 20th, the Day of the Disabled, the Seoul Metropolitan Government decided to expand services for disabled individuals with developmental disorders, of whom the number is increasing every year, and to expand and enhance support for the disabled by strengthening human rights protection and creating jobs for the disabled.To this end, in July the SMG will first set up a support center for the disabled with developmental disorders and set up policies to support the families who take care of them. The support center will be responsible for establishing individual support plans for education, professions, and welfare throughout their life and for protecting their rights, thereby serving as a control tower for policies for the disabled with developmental disorders.In particular, considering that early detection of developmental disorders is critical, systematic management and support will be implemented by raising awareness of symptoms and diagnosis methods of developmental disorders to childcare centers and kindergartens, preparing and distributing a parents manual containing a wide range of information, and establishing a database.Second, the range of subjects for research of the human rights condition of the disabled will be expanded and expertise regarding human rights violations will be improved.In case of a human rights violation in residential facilities for the disabled, the operator of the facility will take the responsibility and the corporate body will be subject to strict countermeasures, such as the cancellation of incorporation permission, in order to strengthen social responsibilities for human rights.Third, the government will continue to more rigidly and broadly support independence of the disabled by creating jobs for them.
Yongsan District-4 refers to a 53,066 (13 acres) area at 63-70 Hangang-ro 3 ga, Yongsan-gu, Seoul. Redevelopments were halted in 2009, when protests against the relocation of residents resulted in the deaths of five residents and a police officer deployed to maintain order. Recently, however, an amended version of the redevelopment project has passed the deliberation stage. Construction is scheduled to begin in October 2016 and be completed by June 2020.The project involves the construction of four multi-purpose apartment buildings, a business building, public facilities, and a park. The space occupying about 21% of the first floor of the multi-purpose apartment buildings will be designed as public pedestrian paths, thus opening the park and the inside of the complex to outsiders. It is a rare welcome gesture made in a country where people place great importance on private property. A lounge, recreation, and commercial space sized about 60,000 (15 acres) will be provided near the public pedestrian paths. It is expected that such a layout will go a long way to increase the pedestrian traffic and invigorate commercial activities in the neighborhood.The neighborhood park will be turned into a large theme park, about 1.3 times the size of the Gwanghwamun Square and the Seoul Square combined (32,000). It seems that finally, with the normalization of the long-stalled Yongsan District-4 Project, what was agreed to between the SMG and local residents will start to be implemented. We at the SMG will discuss project details with the bereaved families in a way that will make the area a place of reconciliation. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) is hosting a spring flower/tree market for seven days in Seoul Square between April 17 and April 23.The market is designed to encourage direct transactions of flowers, trees, and bonsai between farmers and buyers in urban areas, while encouraging people to plant flowers and trees in the upcoming spring.The flowers and trees sold at the event place are those supplied by the Korea Florist Association, the Korean Bonsai Growers Cooperative, and the Seoul branch of the Korea Forestry Cooperatives Federation. They are 10~20% cheaper than those sold at ordinary stores and the quality is guaranteed.The event place also features a display and sale of traditional Korean bonsai trees, sale of gardening supplies, sale of persimmon and blueberry trees, free distribution of hibiscus trees, and markets of trees and spring flowers.A total of 80 types of potted flowers, 100 types of succulent plants, 10 types of wild flowers, 10 types of vegetable/tree seedlings, and bonsai trees will be sold.Visitors can also learn how to select, plant, and take care of flowers and trees. The event also offers a hands-on experience opportunity for changing flower pots, forming bonsai shapes, and making hand-made artworks. -Participation fee: 10,000 won or less.
Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon has been selected as the winner of the Gothenburg Award for Sustainable Development 2016 in recognition of his efforts in leading Seoul as one of the worlds sharing cities. The Gothenburg Award for Sustainable Development is given each year to individuals or organizations for outstanding performance and achievements towards a sustainable future. Mr. Park Won-soon is the first Korean and the second Asian to receive the award.Previous winners of the award include former U.S. Vice President Al Gore, former UN Secretary General Kofi Annan, and the Toyota Research Institute of Japan.The jury of this years award noted, Seoul has developed various forms of effective sharing by changing regulations, mobilizing the citys underused resources, and making information readily accessible. The city has also raised public awareness and supported companies and initiatives in the sharing of information and assets.Mr. Park Won-soon intends to disclose the policies and plans adopted and implemented by Seoul as a sharing city and upgrade the status of the city at the award presentation ceremony to be held in Gothenburg, Sweden in November this year. Under his stewardship, the City of Seoul began proactively adopting the idea of Sharing Economy in 2012 in a bid to solve urban issues such as the shortage of parking lots and environmental pollution. The citys accomplishments in such a short period of time have drawn the attention of people around the world.Commenting on his selection for the award, Mayor Park Won-soon said, I led a sharing-related social movement through Beautiful Store with a focus on resource recycling toward the end of the 1990s. Since my inauguration as Seoul Mayor, I have strived to solve urban issues based on the idea of a Sharing Economy. I think that this award belongs to all officials and people in Seoul, who have taken part in these efforts. We will continue our efforts for sustainable growth for all.
The number of small businesses in Seoul amounts to about 600,000. Most of them are vulnerable even to small crises.The SMG, jointly with the Korea Federation of Small and Medium Businesses (Kbiz), has made the Manual for Small Businesses Getting out of Crisis, with a focus on self-diagnosis of current management issues in association with rent, lease contract renewal, and tax-related matters.The manual was distributed online and in paper form on April 10 as the first its kind for small businesses ever distributed in Korea. A small business refers to a business with less than ten full-time employees (or one with less than five full-time employees engaging in mining, manufacturing, construction, or transportation).We have also distributed a webtoon recipe book based on the manual. It is an easy-to-understand story of how a person in his 40s who has opened a bistro after retirement as a salaried employee gets over business crises with the help of a management consultant.The manual is made up of five chapters:  The Number of Small Businesses in Seoul,  What Crisis Means for Small Businesses,  Basic Principles to Observe in Operation,  Use of Checklist: Cases of Coping with a Crisis, and  Small Business-Supporting Institutions and Policies.Chapter 3 (Basic Principles to Observe in Operation), for example, contains basic information on how to prevent management crises and how to cope with them when they arise. It advises businesses to re-do a location survey, assess the strengths and weaknesses of the store, and establish an action plan for stable sales using the SMGs Analysis of Neighborhood Commercial Districts.Chapter 4 (Use of Checklist: Cases of Coping with a Crisis) provides advice on how to carry out self-diagnosis of  sales management,  employee management,  operational management,  fund supply, and  regulations and management of tax-related matters, plus how to cope with a crisis situation based on the self-diagnosis.Chapter 5 (Small Business-Supporting Institutions and Policies) offers businesses information on how to use relevant institutions ready to provide assistance to them.The manual and webtoon are available at SMG-run libraries, the Small Business Management Support Center, and the Seoul Business Agency. You can also read their content at the SMG eBook Homepage and the SMG Homepage below:The manual (in Korean)The recipe (in Korean) For inquiries, please call the mall Business Development Division at the SMG (02-2133-5540).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is holding the Seoul, Blooming in Flowers Exhibition at the lobby on the first floor of the City Hall from April 6th to 20th, 2016, celebrating springtime as part of the Seoul, Blooming in Flowers Campaign, a citizen-led urban forestation movement.The campaign is a citizen-led urban forestation movement aimed at supporting citizens activities to plant and taking care of flowers and trees in everyday life. As a result of encouraging citizens participation in forestation through cooperative governance with citizens and corporations, 1 million and 880 thousand trees have been planted over the past three years.The SMG has installed flower structures of the campaign so that citizens can easily see the spring-themed structure and take photos with them to promote a voluntary green culture.The exhibition is designed to help the citiznes enjoy spring and spread a green culture, encouraging people to plant and grow flowers and trees in daily life.
Photos from the exhibition Seoul, Blooming in Flowers
