"	The two-year anniversary celebration of the Seoullo 7017 pedestrian path that was once a roadway will begin on May 19 (Sun.) under the name of, Seoullo 7017 2nd Anniversary Citizens Festival  the Story of Seoullo (hereinafter Seoullo 7017 2nd Anniversary Festival).	Seventy teams of citizen merchandisers will take part in the Story Market at the Seoullos 2nd Anniversary Citizens Festival. The teams will be recruited through two rounds, with the first round being held April 17  23 and the second round being held from April 25 to May 1. After the merchandisers are chosen in the first round, the second round of recruitment will be open for participation by vendors within necessary genres and selling necessary objects. 	Applications will be accepted from general citizens, local residents, and foreigners who are vendors selling goods within the genres of living, accessories, fashion accessories, clothing, infants, food and beverage, pets, and art. Those wanting to participate can apply online (https://docs.google.com/), and recruitment announcements will be made on the Seoullo website on April 24 for the first round and May 2 for the second round. 	All information on recruitment and procedures can be found on the Seoullo 7017 website (http://seoullo7017.seoul.go.kr). "
"	Seoul will offer a voucher taxi service this year to 10,000 non-wheelchair using disabled individuals, which will provide such individuals up to KRW 20,000 in taxi fare. Individuals with serious physical illnesses, respiratory diseases, autism, and intellectual disabilities who were using taxis for the disabled can now use voucher taxis starting in May 2019. 	The service that was once only offered to the visually disabled and those with kidney disabilities will now be extended to all individuals with disabilities, including those that do not require wheelchairs. The voucher taxi is a taxi for which the city pays a part of the fare that uses call taxi companies that have partnerships with the city of Seoul.  	With the raise in taxi fares in 2019, the city increased the maximum amount of support funds from KRW 15,000 to KRW 20,000 (65%70%) in order to reduce the gap and increase transportation convenience for the disabled. 	Seoul anticipates that the increase in voucher taxis will increase transportation convenience for disabled individuals when boarding vehicles, requiring just 5-10 minutes of wait time thanks to a dispersion in movement. The call taxis for the disabled and welfare calls for the disabled vehicles that disabled individuals used to use required up to 50 minutes of waiting due to a lack of vehicles. 	Seoul invested KRW 5 billion this year to increase availability for 3,000 more users in May and October while offering the service to a total 10,000 individuals annually (including the existing 4,000 users). In 2020, the city aims to invest KRW 10 billion to expand the service to reach 20,000 disabled individuals. "
"	On April 15, 2019, Seoul will open the year-round Seoul 365 Fashion Show starting at Seoul Plaza."
"	The Seoul 365 Fashion Show was started in 2016 with the aim of promoting a 24/7 runway anytime, and anywhere, for 365 days. A total of 99 fashion shows were held at Seoullo, Gwanghwamun Plaza, and Seoul Museum of Art in 2018 with 11,700 spectators, making it Seouls most sought out cultural festival 	This years Seoul 365 Fashion Show will be operated through the Street Fashion Show that offers people the opportunity to view showcases year-round, while the monthly Buyer Fashion Show, is held in charming venues all around the city, such as Banpo Hangang Park. The number of annual operations will be extended to over 500 showings, enabling the public to use the QR code to purchase outfits of choice after the shows to discover talented rising designers, as well as garner positive support of market development. 	A regularly-programmed fashion show called, Street Fashion Show, will be held three times a week on Mondays, Thursdays, and Saturdays and will select a designer of the month each month for enjoyable shows at venues, like DDP, Gwanghwamun, and Sinchon. 	Seoul plans to use mobile buses to debut runways at different scenes upon public request for the enjoyment of fashion shows in the midst of everyday life. "
"	Prior to the installation of the main stage for the 2019 Cultural Seoul Plaza, Seoul will host the boom-up preliminary performance on the eastern part of the Seoul Plaza in line with the theme, Springs here! Its picnic time! For five days on April 15, 17, 22, 24, and 26, unique attractions will unfold at Seoul Plaza. 	During the boom-up preliminary performance, people will get a glimpse into different genres, not readily accessible, that include circus performances, large street puppet shows, and pole dancing. 	The 2019 Cultural Seoul Plaza will begin with the boom-up preliminary performances with various stages taking place through October. This year has some diversification in store for the programming, adding films and plays, in addition to musical performances. Enjoyable performances for all age groups, including children and the elderly, will also be included for a wider stage platform. 	More information is available at the Seoul Culture Portal (www.culture.seoul.go.kr) and the Seoul Plaza website (www.cultureseoul.co.kr). Additional inquiries may also be made to the Seoul Culture Policy Division (82-2-2133-2541). "
"	Seoul Farmers Market, offering a venue for farmers from around the country to gather, is set to open its doors. At the 2019 8th Farmers Market, the public will be able to buy seasonally healthy, agricultural products grown by farmers. 	Starting April 13, 2019, Seoul will open the Farmers Market at the Gangdong-gu Urban Agriculture Park, the Deoksugung Stone Wall Path, Gwanghwamun Square, and Malli-dong Plaza every Saturday and Sunday until October, where agricultural specialty products and cultural festivities come together in a single setting. Open hours will be from 10:00 to 18:00. 	One hundred and forty-five agricultural specialty products from 75 cities and districts can be purchased at prices 10-30% lower than the market price every Saturday at Malli-dong Plaza and Gangdong-gu Urban Agriculture Park, and every Sunday at Gwanghwamun Square, while Deoksugung Stone Wall Path market will open on a bi-weekly basis. 	The Farmers Market will be filled with plenty of attractions and enjoyable sites as part of a project seeking out a new market of urban-rural mutuality through urban and agricultural cooperation. The agricultural specialty products produced from the 75 cities and districts introduced at the Farmers Market are items produced on carefully-selected farms that have been certified and recommended by each autonomous district. 	From April to June, programs will be added to animate the Farmers Market, including a rice straw craft workshop, farmers secret sauce recipe workshops, seed sharing, spring sprouts market with farm music, spring sprouts salad with music, and potluck events. 	There will be other various events in September and October with a corn party featuring farmer guests, cheese-making workshops, and roasted sweet potato sharing, in addition to Chuseok gift booths and other seasonal item booths, adding to the abundance of the Farmers Market. 	More information on items, venues, and schedules of the Farmers Market is available at the official website: http://sangsaeng.seoul.go.kr. "
"	The first Asia-based studio of the global innovative enterprise, Scanline VFX (Scanline), that shared in the production of visual effects (VFX) of large-scale Hollywood films, like The Avengers and Aquaman, will open its doors at the Sangam DMC R&D Center in Seoul this year. Scanline, with studios in Vancouver, Canada, Los Angeles, U.S., and Munich, Germany, made the decision to open its Asia-based studio in Seoul following positive response by the city, the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy, and KOTRA, during Scanlines examination for the opening of an additional studio in either China, or Japan, to further its global positioning.	In addition to Scanline, Seoul and KOTRA succeeded in attracting four North American innovative companies to Seoul, including the bio-technology enterprise, Platinum 21, the blockchain technology-based, fintech platform, Finhaven, and the promising startup of Silicon Valleys Stanford University, BuildBlock. 	The four companies will establish local headquarters and R&D centers in Seoul, invest a total of USD 110 million in the city over the next five years, and create 550 new jobs. "
"	Hyochang Park (total area of 160,924 ) in Yongsan-gu, the burial site of seven independence activists who sacrificed their lives for countrys liberation but were not properly recognized, will be reborn as an Independence Movement Memorial Park in 2024. 	This is a plan to restore the historical value of the movement while properly establishing the topology of Hyochang Park, which has grown unfamiliar among the public and neglected by residents due to the aging of the park and varying facilities that settled in over time. 	The wall that stood between the park and the community will be torn down to provide a natural connection between the points of history and culture in the area. To the north of Hyochang Park, the Son Kee Chung Athletic Park is set to open in June 2020 in commemoration of the athlete Son Kee-chung, who revived the spirit of the nation during a dark time. 	Seoul announced the Plan for Hyochang Park Centennial Park in light of the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Korean Provisional Government. 	The future direction of Hyochang Park design includes a changeable, multi-faceted space of Hyochang Stadium through creativity, transformation of the tombs of seven independence activists into an everyday sanctum, and the commemorative linking of the park expansion with the surrounding area. The aim is to change the closed, static image of Hyochang Park into that of an open space to remember as a community. 	First, Hyochang Park will undergo remodeling through creative designs. However, the matter of facilities needing only partial reparations will be decided through public opinion within the sports community. 	Second, the tomb site for independence activists will be a memorial space in everyday life for the public to visit, rather than a closed space centered on worshipers. The city plans to create the area into a space like Germanys Memorial to the Murdered Jews of Europe, where memory and daily life are in coexistence with one another, and the Pre Lachaise Cemetery, the beautiful city park of Paris where Chopin, Oscar Wilde, and other noted figures are buried. 	Third, the park will go through an expansion to promote coexistence with the local community, linked to surrounding base points like the Son Kee Chung Athletic Park, Museum of Japanese Colonial History in Korea, Yi Bong-chang Memorial Hall, Gyeongui Line Forest Park, and Sookmyung Womens University. The park will be linked with Yongsan-gus Hyochang Centennial Path Creation Project to break down the wall that had stood between the local community and the park to make for a natural park entrance adorned with flower beds and grass. 	The Son Kee Chung Athletic Park that will newly open to the public in June 2020 is to be located within a 15-minute walk north of Hyochang Park. This will be another park that commemorates an athletes spirit of resistance associated with the history of the independence movement. 	The plans for Hyochang Park have not yet been confirmed, however is currently in draft form for future deliberation. The final plans will be confirmed through a public consensus, such as the Hyochang Independence Centennial Forum (TBD), with participation by Seoul city, related departments, associations, and residents.  "
"	In celebration of the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Korea Provisional Government (KPG), Seoul exhibited hologram (3D) images and contents at the first floor basement of Seoul Citizens Hall on April 11 to share the historical value and significance with the public. 	As a meaningful year of celebration for the centennial anniversary of the March First Independence Movement and the founding of the Korea Provisional Government, Seoul anticipates exhibition-goers will be able to connect with the significance of the Korea Provisional Government that inherited the spirit of the March First Independence Movement through the image and contents exhibition that commemorates the founding of the Korea Provisional Government, the root of Koreas name and a great turning point of Korean history."
"	The images and contents are comprised of  the flow of history from 1919 to 2019,  track record of the Korea Provisional Government,  related historical cases, photos, and records of key figures of the government, and  a photo zone where visitors can take photos against a backdrop of historical scenes. Seoul Citizens Hall visitors can use the touch screen to view the images and contents for interesting studies of history."
"	The images and contents commemorating the centennial of the founding of the Korea Provisional Government will be open to the public until Memorial Month in June. 	Directions: City Hall Station (Lines 1, 2)"
	Inquiries: 120 Dasan Call Center
"	a monthly bicycle-riding campaign from May to November under the theme, Biking through Seoul, to further promote bicycle use and heighten safety awareness. 	For this years inaugural event, Seoul is recruiting 1,000 participants on a first-come, first-served basis for the 1st Annual Seoul Bicycle Parade on May 12, 2019, via the Seoul Metropolitan Government website (http://seoul.go.kr). 	The 1st Annual Bicycle Parade will kick off at 8 a.m. on May 12th at Cheonggye Plaza. The 6-kilometer, 50-minute course, including bicycle-only sections, will run through the south Jongno roadway, around Dongdaemun (Heunginjimun) Gate, down the Cheonggyecheon-ro bicycle-only lane, and into Cheonggye Plaza.	The Bicycle Parade is not a competition for speed, but rather, a part of a travel campaign promoting the safe coexistence of bicycles and vehicles on the road. As participants will ride in advanced, intermediate, and novice courses, they can enjoy the spring breeze while riding with ease. 	Participants can receive bicycle safety inspections at Cheonggye Plaza, the starting point. Following a brief collective stretching session, the parade is set to commence, and once participants have returned to Cheonggye Plaza, completing the course, they can enjoy a photo zone, a Ttareungyi experiential zone, and various cultural performances. 	Participants must be over the age of fifteen, able to complete the 6-km course, and have bicycles, helmets, and other safety gear in hand on the day of the event. Those without personally-owned bicycles are free to rent a Ttareungyi bicycle at the Cheonggye Plaza, starting from 7 a.m. on the day of the parade with the appropriate safety gear ready to participate. Gather at starting point07:40-07:45Gather at Cheonggyecheon-ro (Cheonggye 1(il)ga)Starting countdown, Photographs07:57-07:59Photo before startingDeparture08:00Cheonggye 1(il)ga (heading toward Jongno-gu Office entrance junction)Ride on north lane (two-way lane)08:00-08:20Jongno 1(il)ga  Jongno 5(o)gaReduce to north lane (one-way lane)08:20-08:30Jongno 5(o)ga  Dongdaemun GateTurn-around point08:25-08:35Dongdaemun Gate Cheonggyecheon-roRide south (bicycle-only lanes)08:35-08:50Cheonggyecheon-ro (Gwangtonggyo Bridge)Estimated arrival08:50Cheonggye PlazaEvent completion10:00Optional participation in small-scale, cultural events, photo zone, and more"
"	September 1, 2019, is a historical day celebrating the 111th year of Seouls provision of tap water to the public for the first time at the Ttukdo Arisu Water Purification Center, and November 21st is the 30th founding anniversary of the Seoul Waterworks Authority, which offered the public high-quality Arisu.	Seoul is set to host the celebratory event, 111 Years of Tap Water & 30 Founding of Seoul Waterworks Authority, to create an opportunity of celebration and enjoyment for people of all backgrounds.	From May 13-24 on the first floor lobby of Seoul City Hall, and from September 1-30 at the Waterworks Museum, a special waterworks photo and artifact exhibition is scheduled to be held in order to illuminate upon the 111-year history of waterworks in Seoul.	In promotion of active public participation, fun programs will also be available, including Arisu face painting, bubble zone, clowns on stilts (balloon art), and caricatures, at the tap water promotion hall, Arisu Land (located in Neung-dong, Gwangjin-gu), on Childrens Day, May 5.	In addition, Seoul will organize and operate a 30-person Expert Advisory Panel, beginning from April, that is comprised of experts from various fields, civic group officials, as well as ordinary citizens and students, for the active development of waterworks policy. "
Seoul plans to help daring individuals with innovative ideas and techniques to establish businesses, aid in continuing transfusion of new businesses, and help innovative businesses that are started in Seoul step out onto the world stage. To accomplish this, the city will offer mobilized support under its authority and capacity for an establishments whole life, which includes technical startup, early growth following establishment, and even global advancement. Seoul will focus on producing global businesses and innovative economic models to create a new growth engine to overcome a time of low growth. The city will prioritize the fostering of 10,000 innovative individuals, which includes talented individuals in the area of specialized technology of the Fourth Industrial Revolution and foreign entrepreneurs, who will take the lead in technical establishments and double the residential spaces of technical startups in AI and bio throughout Seoul to 2,200 to largely expand the new technology startup infrastructure. Based on such infrastructure, Seoul will aid businesses that succeed in their establishments to take a step further as a global business. Seoul will boldly invest in startups and early businesses experiencing difficulties in attracting private investors and offer a new total service from business evaluation to product design, prototype production, and connection with manufacturers so that innovative ideas can reach a manufacturable state in 180 days. With such strategically concentrated investments and support, Seoul presented seven projects with the announcement of evolving Seoul into becoming one of the top five startup cities around the globe. The aims is to invest approximately 1.9 trillion KRW (960 billion for municipal expenses, 680 billion for national expenses, 300 billion for private investments) in four years by 2022, expand the current seven unicorn companies (venture businesses with over 1 trillion KRW in valued business funds) to fifteen, and increase the weight of venture business sales, compared to total enterprise sales, to 7% (which was 3% as of 2017). The seven projects are:  Global Talented Individual Pipeline for fostering 10,000 talented individuals in technology,  Tech Space 1000, which will increase the number of technical startup spaces to 1,000,  Strategic Growth Investment with funding support for 3,000 startups according to growth stage,  Growth Promotion Platform that offers private leadership and public support,  Productization 180 for speedy commercialization of ideas,  Testbed City Seoul, which demonstrates and pioneers a market for innovative, technological products, and  Global Market, which will help 160 promising startups advance into overseas markets. <  Global Talented Individual Pipeline for fostering 10,000 talented individuals in technology>
First, 6,400 individuals (1,600 annually) who specialize in technology of the Fourth Industrial Revolution will be fostered based on six new industrial hubs in Hongneung (bio), Mapo (FinTech, blockchain), Gaepo and Yangjae (AI, big data, etc.). This project will also concentrate on attracting and fostering major global (foreigner) talents with aspirations in working at technological startups. The process of technological startup preparation visas will be simplified for the issuance of visas within one week through cooperation with the Ministry of Justice, and a fast track program will be established for instant issuance of the technological startup visa in case that a startup attracts over 100 million KRW in investment from VC (venture capital) or AC (accelerators). <  Tech Space 1000 for an increase in the number of technical startup spaces to 1,000>
A new residential space will be created for over 1,000 innovative businesses around new business hubs in Yangjae (AI), Hongneung (bio, medical treatment), and more. The number of residential businesses will be doubled from the current 1,043 to 2,200 in addition to a 2.4 increase in area from 200,000 to 480,000.
<  Strategic Growth Investment with fund support for 3,000 startups according to growth stage>
Third, the city will strengthen early investment in the business start-up and productization stages, which are steps that determine the success or failure of a startup, to help these young companies successfully walk through their own Death Valley and grow into unicorn companies.  <  Growth Promotion Platform that offers private leadership and public support>
Fourth, Seoul will launch the Startup Platform through which publicly-led startups will be open to private businesses and venture capitalists with expertise for private leadership and public support. In the second half of this year, the Seoul Startup Hub will be open to global investors and accelerators who will initiate startup selection, investment attraction, global advancement, and the startup incubation program with plans to expand to Yangjae and Hongneung starting next year.
 Private cooperative startup spaces and networks will also be expanded, which is the provision of spaces by private businesses while rent is provided by the city in support of startup expositions and programs like startup competitions. <  Productization 180 Project for speedy commercialization of ideas into prototypes in 180 days >
Fifth, the Productization 180 Project that offers comprehensive support for completion of an innovative business idea into a prototype within 180 days will be put into operation. This is a method of operating a comprehensive window that unifies product manufacturing support that was once done at different prototype production centers, evaluates feasibility of new ideas (inspection for duplication of similar or same products, analysis and estimation of market demand, calculation of production costs), and goes through a suitable product design phase to produce new products at the technical Makerspace. In the product mass production step, a cooperative system will be constructed with domestic and overseas manufacturers for connections with optimal manufacturing enterprises. <  Testbed City Seoul, which demonstrates and pioneers a market for innovative, technological products >
Sixth, Seoul will become a testbed for innovative products for startups that struggle with the lack of outlets and opportunity for demonstrations after successful commercialization of innovative technologies. Opportunities for demonstrations will be offered to 500 innovative businesses by 2023 in addition to aid in technology development, commercialization, and marketing. Seoul will offer outlets for verified innovative products and services through public purchasing. <  Global Market, which will help 160 promising startups advance into overseas markets >
Seventh, Seoul will offer strategic support for advancement into foreign markets (Going-Global) in order for excellent, innovative startups in Seoul can pioneer the way for job creation and economic growth. 
On March 26, 2019, Seoul held a public forum with 100 infertile couples and interested Seoul residents. Seoul has been implementing Democracy Seoul to actualize Democracy in everyday life. It essentially enables the city to  take suggestions with a minimum of 500 responses from proposed contents,  promoting public discussion through an open topic selection. The  mayor then responds in person once 5,000 or more are in attendance for the discussion. This proposal is the first in which the mayor has provided a direct response.Women undergoing in vitro fertilization (IVF) due to infertility receive daily abdominal injections that induce superovulation for pregnancy and injections preventing miscarriage for four to eight weeks. They are, however, difficult to inject alone, and even though that which is required on weekends and national holidays, local hospitals refuse to provide services for various reasons. Accordingly, the motion for the availability of fertility shots at credible and easily-accessible community health centers was made official through Democracy Seoul. Based on one-month, online public discussion that opened for one month from December 14, 2018, to January 13, 2019, 5,115 (97%) voted in favor of the motion among 5,259 respondents.
Democracy Seoul (http://democracy.seoul.go.kr) provides an online and offline center for discussion through  public proposals,  public discussion, and Seoul Asks. Over 270,000 people participated in 2018, and the results of the citizen discussion for Prohibited Use of Disposable Cups at City Hall and the Installation of Emergency Sanitary Pad Dispensers in Public Facilities were also reflected in Seoul policy. 
Seoul will be hosting the event, Bukchon Culture Days, regularly on Saturdays, for residents and visitors with the theme of Blooming Bukchon. Aprils Bukchon Culture Days will take place at the Bukchon Traditional Culture Center and throughout the Bukchon area, with traditional cultural experiences and performances, village trips, and lectures through which residents and both local and foreign visitors can have the opportunity to experience and feel Bukchons true value.  The Bukchons fair travel program, Mature Village Trips, which has been greatly loved for the past two years, has returned after a winter break with the theme, Spring, Nature. Meet the friendly Bukchon through stories told by village commentators from different fields. The Bukchon Humanities Lecture, a program with courses that look at the present and imagine the future based on the history of Bukchon, will be held every other Friday from April 5 to June 21 with the theme of Sites, Houses, and Streets of Bukchon.
Reservations can be made through the Seoul Hanok website (http://hanok.seoul.go.kr), and inquiries can be made to the Bukchon Traditional Culture Center (02-741-1033). As Bukchon is a residential area with a living history and community, unlike Namsangol Hanok Village and the Korean Folk Village, we ask that visitors be mature and quiet visitors, in consideration of the residents.  
Starting on April 7, 2019, through October, Seoul will be opening the <2019 Car-Free Pedestrian Streets> throughout the city, starting at Sejong-daero. The 2019 Car-Free Pedestrian Streets will become rest areas in the city, with the theme Come. Go. Rest, where people become the host and where walking feet can be free.Car-Free Pedestrian Streets will be open in Daehak-ro and Gangnam-ro, along with the three existing car-free streets (Sejong-daero, Deoksugung-gil, Cheonggyecheon-ro), adding a youthful spirit to these areas. Various rest areas and attractions will be offered according to the specialized themes of each area.  Seouls Representative Car-free Pedestrian Street at Sejong-daero to Host Water Gun Festival Event During the Hot Days of Summer 
The car-free pedestrian street at Sejong-daero, which turns seven years old this year, will be open every Sunday from April 7 to October 27, 2019, from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m., with traffic control from Gwanghwamun Sageori to Sejong-daero Sageori (550m).  The First Car-Free Pedestrian Streets at Daehak-ro and in Gangnam District
In June, Daehak-ro, Seouls representative heart of youthful arts and culture, will become a new car-free pedestrian street. The street will transform into a street you will want to walk on, mixing cultural arts and a walking environment made with participation by local shopkeepers, residents, and the community. In October, the car-free pedestrian streets that were only operated within the four gates will expand to the Gangnam district to meet citizens on different streets throughout Seoul.  Continued Operation of Deoksugung-gil + Cheonggyecheon-ro Loved by Office Employees and Couples
The Cheonggyecheon-ro Car-Free Pedestrian Street, which is known as a great place to enjoy both walks and food within the city limits, and the Deoksugung-go Car-Free Pedestrian Street, which reenergizes office employees who are exhausted from the stress of work on the weekdays and provides a place for couples to make memories on the weekends, will continue operation in various ways.  Partnership with Walk! City Walking Streets: Event for Enjoyable Walks through the Unique City of Seoul 
Starting this year, in order to foster citizens interest in Seoul becoming a walking city, the city will hold the Walk! City Walking Streets campaign together with the car-free pedestrian streets. The Walk! City Walking Streets course will open four times a year at car-free pedestrian streets throughout the city.  Please note that the Walk! City Walking Streets event on car-free pedestrian streets may be canceled due bad weather conditions, and it is advised that citizens check the weather forecast in advance. Schedules subject to change. 
The Donuimun Museum Village has been newly furbished with the concept of becoming a repository of memories where 100 years of modern history and culture are kept alive and will officially open in April 2019. The biggest features are the 30 improved existing village buildings that will remain untouched while being transformed into participatory spaces. In these spaces, exhibits, performances, markets, and daily experiential education will be open year-round to revitalize its identity as a living museum village, which is the main objective of this project. Seoul will introduce detailed features of each space so that citizens can fully enjoy the charm and fun available in all of the nooks and crannies of the refurbished Donuimun Museum Village.Donuimun Museum Village is organized into three themes:  Village Exhibition Halls (16 buildings),  Experiential Education Centers (9 buildings), and  Village Creation Studios (9 buildings). The inside of the buildings, including the floors, alleyways, and walls, come to a total area of 9,770. The entire village itself is an exhibition hall and playground.The Village Exhibition Hall is a branch of the Seoul Museum of History. Starting from the Donuimun Museum that first opened in April 2018 and the House of Independence Activists that was opened in celebration of the March First Independence Movement 100th anniversary, the Experience Hall (16 villages) offers exhibits curated with twelve different themes. The exhibitions provide an experience of modern history through houses from the 1960-80s, an arcade room, a comic book room, a theater, a photo studio, and a barber shop. At the Experiential Education Center, where urban-style hanok exist to the north of the village yard, eight differently themed, permanent experiential education programs are hosted. The Master Gallery at the center is a permanent exhibition that fosters appreciation for the works by the Experiential Education Center masters by gathering these works all in one place. The eight experiential education programs include  the craft of hanji, where daily props such as pencil holders and fruit trays are made with traditional hanji paper,  calligraphy for creating personalized script using hanji, brushes, and ink,  makeup and costume to experience Western makeup of the 1920s and other styles by time period,  artistic music that includes songs from the past, 6080 acoustic guitar class, and percussion experience,  embroidery art with lessons taught by needlework experts,  dak paper factory, where tradition meets the present, with toys and dolls made from traditional hanji,  art experience, where participants can learn about painting, plastic arts, and handicrafts, and  tea and coffee with drip coffee bag-making and education on manners and history of modern-day teas and drinks. Lastly, the Village Creation Studios, that exists throughout Donuimun Museum Village, are spaces where individuals and groups, with their own created content that harmonizes with the villages atmosphere, reside. Each resident holds a minimum of one exhibit, educational program, experiential program, and workshop per day in their personal space. Donuimun Museum Village is open from Tuesdays to Sundays (closed Mondays and January 1) from 10:00-19:00, and admission is free. More information can be found on the website (http://dmvillage.info) or by calling the Operations Office (02-739-6994). 
The 2019 Yeouido Spring Flower Festival will held from April 5 to 11, for seven days. Seoul will show its support for the festival by extending the times of last buses later for a part of the festival and extending operation hours of subway Line 9, in order to offer citizens the opportunity to enjoy the spring flowers safely and easily.The buses that run through Yeouido on the nights of April 5 and 6 will have extended operation hours until 01:20 (in the direction of the garages) so that citizens visiting the Spring Flower Festival can enjoy the spring flowers without worrying about last bus times and appreciate the night sceneries with ease.There will be a total of 27 city bus lines (see attachment) with extended operation hours around Yeouiseo-ro, Yeouido Transfer Center, National Assembly Station, and the Yeoido Full Gospel Church. The last buses will depart in the direction of the garages at 01:20.Subway Line 9 passes through the National Assembly Station and is the area in which heavy pedestrian traffic is expected during the dates of the festival. On this line, the subway will run 56 times a day between 14:00 and 20:00 from April 6 (Sat.) to 7 (Sun.).From noon on April 4 to noon on April 12, there will be 24-hour traffic control at Yeouiseo-ro (1.7km) behind the National Assembly Building, and the waterside street by the Seogangdaegyo Bridge parking lot entrance to Yeoui Haryu (Downstream) IC (1.5km). The Lawmakers Office Entryway to the northern Yeouigyo Bridge 2 (340m) and the National Assembly Building Gate 5 to the waterside parking lot (80m) will be partially controlled on the weekdays with full traffic control only on the weekends.Information on the last buses can be found on the Seoul Transport Operation & Information Service TOPIS website (http://topis.seoul.go.kr/) or at the 120 Dasan Call Center. Road control and festival information can be found on the 2019 Yeongdeungpo Yeouido Spring Flower Festival (http://2019flower.or.kr/) website.
# Director Kim from Mapo-gu used the Digital Mayors Office to check the level of particulate matter on his mobile phone before leaving for work. On the bus, he used the same platform to read the city news, and even made weekend plans based on information on cultural events being held this week, Ttareung rental stations, and pedestrian-friendly streets. He shared related information with his friend via SNS. This is what Seoul citizens will be able to experience with the opening of the Digital Mayors Office.The Digital Mayors Office located on the sixth floor of City Hall is a large screen on the wall that is packed with displays of all administrative information on traffic, disaster areas, prices, and other information directly related to citizens lives. Starting in April, citizens will be able to access the information that is given to Mayor Park Won-soon, through their personal computers and smartphones, and at subway transfer stations.Seoul developed the Digital Mayors Office in 2017. It is the first platform in the world that integrates all administrative information and ICT in Seoul, taking the lead in smart governance. The Digital Mayors Office will be available to the public to allow citizens to see Seoul through the mayors eyes, as a plan to implement administrative innovation where citizens become the mayor.The Digital Mayors Office is a state-of-the-art system with a collection of 16 million administrative big data out of a total of 290 systems in Seoul, including Seoul Open Data Plaza and TOPIS, data from 1,200 CCTVs in Seoul, and civil complaint data like the 120 Dasan Call Center.Every day, Mayor Park Won-soon utilizes real-time data such as the status of the city, major projects, municipal status, and citizen opinion, in addition to key municipal policies, through the Digital Mayors Office.Following the release of the Digital Mayors Office, the city saw positive responses both domestically and abroad. Mayor Park participated in the WeGo General Assembly held in Russia in June 2017 and spoke to 110 city representatives to generate further interest. Recently, city representatives from Beijing, China and Belgium visited Seoul and learned more about the Digital Mayors Office.The newly introduced Digital Mayors Office can be found on the Social Mayors Office page of the Seoul website (mayor.seoul.go.kr). The responsive web design that optimizes screen size for various devices was utilized to allow for viewing on PCs, mobile phones, and tablet devices.Two-way communication was also strengthened. For example, the menu of corrective indicators on the Digital Mayors Office allows citizens to participate directly in corrective evaluation by posing questions about the achievement of such corrective indicators and comparing such results to predicted figures. Citizens can also share contents of interest with others through the SNS sharing function.In addition, 100-inch screens containing the Digital Mayors Office platform were installed in the three major transfer stations of Yeouido Station, Hongik University Station, and Changdong Station. They are installed by gates, meeting areas, and places with high levels of citizen traffic. The screens display key contents such as public transportation arrival time, particulate matter levels, and the locations of walking trails and parks. The city planns to improve the system by collecting reactions and opinions of citizens who use the Digital Mayors Office platforms that are installed in subway stations.Mayor Park Won-soon commented, The Digital Mayors Office is an innovative system that integrates the smart technology of Seoul, the number one e-governing city, with the result of the Seoul Metropolitan Governments philosophy, which is a governance where citizens are the mayor. After two years of beta-testing and actual use by me, the Mayor of Seoul, the Digital Mayors Office will now be available to citizens for access to and sharing of information.
Seoul will begin use of the Low-Floor Bus Reservation System starting April 1 (Mon.). This system allows for mobility impaired individuals, such as those using wheelchairs, to easily board and get off city buses, while alerting bus drivers in advance the stops at which these individuals will be boarding through a phone reservation service.
The low-floor buses do not have boarding stairs, and instead have low frames with slopes that allow for the boarding of wheelchairs and strollers. The buses have two foldable, reserved seats for mobility impaired individuals.The Low-floor Bus Reservation System is a system in which a user can directly call the bus transportation company while waiting at the bus stop and make a reservation to book a bus of choice. This system will be applied to all 3,366 low-floor buses in operation throughout Seoul. Originally, information on low-floor buses was only available through the Bus Information Terminals (BIT) or the Seoul TOPIS app, but there were cases in which the driver and users inability to communicate resulted in the passing by of the waiting passenger or failure to board buses due to different boarding locations.Bus drivers who receive reservation messages can check the locations of the mobility impaired in order to assist them in boarding safely, in guiding them to their designated seats, and in helping them disembark at their destinations. Reservations for the low floor-bus can be made at all times excluding rush hour times (07:00 a.m.-9:00 a.m./6:00 p.m.-8:00 p.m.) and late-night hours (12:00 a.m.-). To increase the convenience of bus use for mobility impaired individuals, Seoul plans to increase the number of low-floor buses from the current 47% to 65% on running bus routes by 2021, and up to 100% by 2025. The reservation system will also be applied to low-floor buses that are added in the future. 
Seoul hosted an international symposium that embodies the concept, Collective City  A City that Creates Together and Enjoys Together, the theme of the 2019 Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism, at the Seoul Hall of Urbanism & Architecture on March 27 (Wed.) at 2 pm. With the opening of the 2nd Seoul Biennale, which is a global academic and exhibition festival for the urban architecture field scheduled for September, the goal is to hold a symposium to actualize the theme of the biennale through presentations by and debates between world-famous professionals.This symposium, with the theme Collective City began by addressing the question: How can a city recover its collective value, or its human-oriented community? The biennale introduced different ways for citizens to partake in the process of forming a city and various methods of securing public concerns of the cities so that citizens are able to enjoy the city equally. The symposium program also featured a global workshop followed by the Pre-Biennale Symposium in the afternoon. The morning program, the Seoul Biennale Global Studio Workshop, was scheduled to receive the participation of over forty universities from around the world, and at the afternoon Pre-Biennale Symposium, professionals from around the globe presented new strategies and new city types with which each city is experimenting. These topics were addressed at a roundtable discussion.The 2019 Seoul Biennale was held throughout Seoul, in places including in Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP), Donuimun Museum Village, Seoul Hall of Urbanism & Architecture, Sewoon Shopping Center, and more.
The symposium included the exhibition program, as well as on-site projects, international projects, an international studio, citizen participatory programs, film and image programs and more. Additionally, the global City Architect Forum also took place during the event period.
Seouls Green Parking project, in which walls in residential areas are torn down to make room for local parking lots, will introduce a real-time parking space sharing system that applies IoT (Internet of Things) technologies in the name of progress. Before, the Green Parking projects focus was on expanding the number of places to park. Now, it will aim at sharing these newly acquired parking spaces with others to earn more money and relieve residential parking congestion. The real-time IoT-based parking space sharing system puts IoT sensors underneath parking spaces to monitor parking availability in real time. Users can use the public parking space sharing app to check for Green Parking spaces nearby, make reservations, and pay. For this project, Seoul will be regularly recruiting participants, who will take part in the real-time parking space sharing system, through the appropriate departments in each autonomous district. Selected households can receive full support for fees related to sensor installation. By introducing this shared parking system to Green Parking lots, the city expects to resolve parking related problems in residential areas, create a sense of community between neighbors who lacked communication before due to all the walls, and contribute to the formation of a parking space sharing culture. Seoul created 55,381 parking spaces between 2004 and 2018 through the Green Parking project. Residents who got parking spaces through Green Parking have shown a positive reaction and the city and autonomous districts have seen reductions in illegal alleyway parking thanks to these improvements in the circumstances of parking, and it was done at one-ninth the cost of creating off-street parking spaces. 
In light of the spring season, a time for enjoying the great outdoors, Seoul is set to host various programs at Seoullo 7017.  Seoullo Volunculture 7080 Play Park
Seoul will host the Seoullo Volunculture 7080 Play Park at the upper Seoullo 7017 Magnolia Stage on every third Wednesday between March and June, from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.
Adults and children can communicate and freely play games of the past
that were played in backstreets, such as marbles, doodling on walls, and more,
at the upper Seoullo area. The word, volunculture, in the title Seoullo Volunculture 7080 Play Park is a compound of volunteer and culture, and the said programs will be managed by the thirty volunteers that include staff members and university students in the Seoullo 7017 vicinity. Those wishing to participate are free to do so at no charge or site reservation.  Seoullo Weekend Market
Seoullo Weekend Market will open at the upper Seoullo Rose Square from March to June.
Every second Saturday will offer Korean dance and belly dancing performances while
handmade crafts markets will open on the second and fourth Fridays and Saturdays of the month with
goods, including soap, candles, calligraphy, and flower tea.  Seoullo School, Seoullo Story Classroom
The Seoullo School program offers people of all ages a new experience in the city through the use of Seoullo trees that is scheduled to run until June and is expected to welcome over 120 participants. Little Botanist is a program for childcare centers near Seoullo where Seoullo 7017 selects a plant each month for plant breakdown, observation, and illustrations as way of promoting an increase in the interest of plants among children. The Family Gardening Classroom requires participation from the whole family, and is structured around teaching Seoullos status as a city park through pot-making centered around upcycling and gardening activities. The 2019 Seoullo Story Classroom (Guided Tour) program is comprised of a walk with Seoullo storytellers while hearing about the history, culture, and ecology of Seoullo and is schedule to be held until June.
  * March 18  June 17, every Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Saturday, 10:30 a.m  12:00 p.m., 2:30 p.m.  4:00 p.m.
Those wishing to participate can register via the Seoullo 7017 website (http://seoullo7017.seoul.go.kr) in advance. Up to thirty participants can sign up for each session. Busking Safe Zone
The Seoullo Busking Safe Zone operates to help compensate for civil affair issues, concerning noise or intoxication in other busking areas. This zone has recently grown popular among buskers thanks to the management of safe, pleasant performances, and audiences. More information about all programs and participation can be found on the Seoullo website (http://seoullo7017.seoul.go.kr). 
Seoul selected Seouls 160 Beautiful Spring Flower Paths to capture public interest. The 160 parks, roadsides, riversides, and greenbelts stretch a total of 241.6 km. The Seouls 160 Beautiful Spring Flower Paths are classified into five themes: Spring flower paths for a spring outing  Spring flower paths for drives Spring flower paths for walks and exercise Spring flower paths for appreciation of unusual flowers and Spring flower paths with festivals. More information can be found via the Seoul website (http://www.seoul.go.kr/story/springflowerway/pc.html), the web service Smart Seoul Map (Seoul IN Map), and the Seoul Mountains and Parks website (http://parks.seoul.go.kr/park). 
The Hangangdaegyo Bridge connecting Yongsan and Noryangjin with Nodeulseom Island at the center, first opened a hundred years ago under the name Hangang Footbridge. The footbridge was the first bridge that allowed people to walk across Hangang River. The middle ridge, or artificial island, that stood at the center of the river, supporting the bridge during the process of construction, eventually became what we know of today as Nodeulseom Island. The Hangang Footbridge was blown up within four days of the outbreak of the Korean War in 1950, and when its twin arch bridge, the Hangandaegyo Bridge, opened in 1981, it had transformed into a vehicle-oriented bridge. Seoul will utilize the existing bridge of the southernmost end of Hangangdaegyo Bridge as a pedestrian bridge, connecting Nodeulseom Island and Noryangjin in 2021. The bridge will be restored for the first time in 104 years following the first opening of the Hangang Footbridge in 1917. The existing road structure of the southernmost Hangangdaegyo Bridge (from Nodeulseom Island to Noryangjin) will be preserved, and a new pedestrian bridge will be built in the space between the twin bridges, with a width of 10.5 meters and a length of 500 meters. The first level will be comprised as a road, while the second level, a pedestrian path similar to the Brooklyn Bridge, the symbol of New York and global attraction. Pedestrian convenience will see an increase while the Noryangjin area that was cut off by road equipment will now be connected amid various creative designs and content incorporated into the structures to promote new tourist attractions. In the direction of Noryangjin, the Hangangdaegyo Pedestrian Bridge, or the Hundred-year bridge, will connect to the Noryangjin Overpass that is scheduled to be demolished in early 2020, and in the direction of Nodeulseom Island, the bridge is planned to connect the east and west ends of Nodeulseom Islsand that were once blocked as vehicle lanes with the pedestrian overpass. An elevator will be installed at the waterside pedestrian path at the lower part of the Olympicdaegyo Bridge for direct, perpendicular connection to the overpass. This will ultimately connect the pedestrian path from Nodeulseom Island past the Hangangdaegyo Pedestrian Bridge to the Noryangjin area. The installment of the Hangangdaegyo Pedestrian Bridge is also a strategy to increase pedestrian accessibility of Nodeulseom Island, which is expected to open in late September 2019 as a nature and music-centered complex cultural space. This will allow the public to conveniently go from the Noryangjin area to Nodeulseom Island. The pedestrian bridge will consist of an observatory with a 360-degree view of Hangang River and its surroundings, a plaza where various events are held, and an ecological rest area with a mini field as a pedestrian bridge offering a level of enjoyment similar to the likes of Sydneys Harbour Bridge. Seoul will hold an international design competition in May 2019 for submissions of creative designs to help ensure the Hangangdaegyo Pedestrian Bridge, i.e. the new hundred-year bridge, can naturally be created into an attraction and scenic public space, rather than simply being a pedestrian bridge. Bridge designing is set for completion this year and will be open to the public from June 2021. Over the long run, Seoul plans to establish an encompassing pedestrian network around Hangang River that will connect the Noryangjin Wholesale Fisheries Market, Yeouido, Seonyudo Park, Danginri Cultural-Creative Art Plant , Gyeongui Line Forest, and Yangsan Park, with Nodeulseom Island as the central point. 
Seoul proclaimed itself as an animal-friendly city and put forward an innovative proposal for an animal caring system that guarantees the safety of animals and people. The city has taken a lead in animal policies through the Animal Protection Division that was founded in 2012, while also planning to live up to its status as an animal welfare city through public-participatory pet services and detailed infrastructure to become an animal-friendly Seoul. At the heart of this infrastructure lies the animal caring system. For the first time ever in Korea, embedded microchip registration, an abandoned animal emergency rescue organization, and adoption animal insurance are to be officially adopted to offer new animal care services, while the animal welfare infrastructure that has led to the construction of pet playgrounds, animal care centers, and pet training centers, is scheduled to be expanded upon throughout the Seoul region. The city will create suitable, large-scale environments to raise pets and lessen animal conflict among neighbors to increase animal care and heighten its cultural sovereignty as a global city. To enforce these matters, the lives and safety of abandoned animals will be protected through leading support, rather than secondary handling. Starting late March, a payment of KRW 10,000 will fund embedded microchip registration at 540 animal hospitals in order to prevent animal loss and abandonment in advance. The abandoned animal rescue group will be organized for the first time ever to increase viability with 24-hour treatment. New adopters will be offered animal insurance support for up to one year in efforts to promote the adoption of abandoned animals. To create a Seoul that is well-suited for raising pets, the city looks to improve its animal care facilities. The number of pet playgrounds are set to be increased from four playgrounds last year to 10 within the upcoming year, with up to 25 playground installations to be completed in all autonomous districts by 2022. The single animal care center in Mapo-gu will also increase to four center branches in each area by 2023, offering greater access to animal care education for the public. The basic initiative for building an animal-friendly city announced by Seoul on the 19th is a two-stage animal welfare plan for the realization of a city culture that respects life. A public consensus will be collected through public debate, the Animal Welfare Committee, and the Seoul Animal Youth Net so that the public may readily benefit from program accessibility while also being practical. 
For the upcoming 2019 Korea Baseball Organization (KBO) Leagues opening game at Jamsil Baseball Stadium on March 23, the Seoul Sports Facilities Management Center invested approximately KRW 2.8 billion towards extensive construction of stadium facilities for the comfort and safety of citizens with the plan to unfold the Clean Campaign for a mature spectator culture at Jamsil Baseball Stadium throughout the 2019 KBO season. First, the Management Center removed old grass and completed improvement work on the field for better performance of the players. Old lamps and stabilizers of Jamsil Baseball Stadium Outfield Lighting Tower were replaced to increase the intensity of illumination and guarantee safety for a pleasant baseball-viewing environment. Furthermore, 60 additional CCTVs were installed inside and outside of the stadium as a means of securing citizen safety and preventing terrorism. The Management Center also completely replaced around 6,000 seats near the first and third bases for spectators to allow for more pleasant and safe enjoyment of baseball games, and the old iron railings on the second floor and middle floor were changed to tempered glass while the seat aisles and stair floors were repaired to prevent accidents and improve the external view of the stadium. To create a pleasant baseball viewing culture, the Management Center will implement the Clean Campaign inside and outside of the stadium on March 26 (Tue) in cooperation with Songpa Police Station and other related organizations so as to enforce strict control of illegal ticket trading, street vendors, and excessive smoking and drinking. 
With the rate of urban gas consumption at 98.2% within Seoul, Seoul will discover energy-vulnerable areas that do not have access to city gas for reasons of consultation that is necessary for gas pipe lines that go through privately-owned land, high-altitude bedrock areas, safety issues of old buildings, congested areas, etc. in order to supply them with gas by 2020. Seoul plans to cooperate with autonomous districts, local residents, and five city gas companies to discover households in straggling areas upon citizens request. Solutions appropriate to characteristics of each area will be found through on-site inspections, and step-by-step and continuous supply of gas will be provided to households for which construction is possible after arrangements are made with the residents. Construction will take place following advance investments of five city gas companies and by method of collecting the principal through city gas fees. Level of satisfaction of citizens, construction fees, etc. will be reflected in the fees for adequate appropriation of city gas fees. Last year, Seoul completed construction for 128 households that are not supplied with city gas upon request of Samyang-dong residents and made an additional discovery of 1,698 households in need of city gas supply in 14 autonomous districts and 34 dongs. Ten autonomous districts and 28 dongs in the Gangbuk region were confirmed to have many straggling and high-altitude areas.
The Day Care Center is a place where citizens can receive Dolbom service close to their homes during necessary hours without requiring senior citizens with dementia or geriatric disorders to check into facilities. These facilities are in high demand as they allow senior citizens to live with their families while lessening the burden of support for families at the same time. This year, Seoul is scheduled to invest KRW 15.41 billion to enhance both the magnitude and quality of Day Care Center services. The trustworthy Day Care Centers that consistently provide quality recuperation services of public concern will be increased in number to realize the goal of senior citizen-friendly city of Seoul. First, Seoul will invest a total of KRW 3.37 billion to the Day Care Center expansion project that secures publicness and provide up to KRW 1 billion to autonomous districts and corporations that are set to newly install Day Care Centers, which include utilization of public buildings or establishment of centers as an annex to social welfare facilities, after reviewing the appropriateness of business.Furthermore, Seoul will certify safe facilities as Seoul-type Day Care Centers and will provide support in terms of weekly and night operation costs, environmental improvement costs, and substitute labor costs for a total investment of KRW 12.04 billion this year.The Seoul-type Day Care Center is a Dolbom institution that has obtained certification from Seoul for conforming to the standard after having applied the certification index for 36 items in five categories. There are currently 391 Day Care Centers in operation throughout Seoul, and among them, 192 centers (approximately 49% of centers in the entire city of Seoul) are operated as Seoul-type Day Care Centers.In addition, Seoul plans to make continuous efforts from various angles to establish Day Care Centers as annexes to established public care facilities, lease buildings, and expand facilities through use as religious facilities and remodeling of halls for the elderly.
The foreigner-exclusive K-Travel Bus for free travels is set to be in operation nationwide. Developed to provide the charms of tourism of different regions of Korea to foreign tourists visiting Korea and to make visits to provincial cities more convenient for resident foreigners, K-Travel Bus of Seoul will expand its operations across the country starting this year.
The K-Travel Bus was developed under the supervision of Seoul to help resolve the problem of inconvenience (language, transportation, etc.) of foreign tourists during their provincial visits, and it has been in operation since 2017. It is a foreigner-exclusive bus travel package that offers exclusive buses, trustworthy lodging, carefully selected tourist destinations, and high-quality guide services. This year, the K-Travel Bus will add a 3 nights and 4 days eastern/western area package to the existing 1 night and 2 days Seoul-Provincial Area package (with visit to one city) as well as a 6 nights and 7 days nationwide package for a total of ten packages, with plans to reveal the charms hidden in every corner of the country. The packages reflected the preference of foreign tourists by including more than one specialized culture experience program of each region by course and also provided the opportunity for tourists to experience Koreas culture with a variety of accommodations (hotels, resort complex, hanok villages, etc.). 
Seouls Bukchon Traditional Culture Center will recruit students for Traditional Culture Courses and Citizens Independent Courses for the spring semester starting in March for the learning of Korean traditional crafts and life creation. The Traditional Culture Courses will offer courses to be taught by professional lecturers in 14 fields including traditional arts/painting/sound and contemporary crafts, etc., and anyone interested in traditional culture can sign up for the program.
The course consists of five classes in the field of traditional crafts (Grasses & straw craft, knot art, Gyubang craft, the seven treasures handicraft, life embroidery), six classes in the field of traditional culture (Gayageum, practical folk art, literary paintings, Korean folk painting, calligraphy, Dakjongi doll), and three classes in the field of contemporary crafts/culture (leather crafts, hanbok doll quilt, calligraphy) for a total of 14 classes.
All classes will be held once a week for three months, while continuously accepting applications during the period, and tuition is KRW 50,000 per month with a separate fee for materials. The Citizens Independent Courses will be led by competent citizen lecturers in areas closely related to daily life including life creation, health, and neighborhood humanities.
The course consists of eight classes in the field of life creation (Sketches of Bukchon village scenery, Korean floral arrangement, my own hand-sewn designer brand, my own crochet props, traditional props for our babys first birthday table handmade by moms, life embroidery, drawing the Four Gracious Plants, aroma crafts), two classes in the field of health (tea ceremony class with hanok, Bukchon hanok meditation), and one class in the field of neighborhood humanities (writing easy and fun book reviews) for a total of 11 classes.
All classes will be held once a week for six months, while continuously accepting applications during the period, and tuition is KRW 30,000 per month on average with a separate fee for materials.Registration and related inquiries
Bukchon Traditional Culture Center: 82-2-741-1033
Seoul Hanok Portal: http://hanok.seoul.go.kr Morning: 09:30-12:30, afternoon: 14:00-17:00, night (Tue, Thu): 19:00-21:00
 Three-month course, KRW 50,000 monthly tuition (separate costs for materials) Contact information for lecturers of Citizens Independent Course will not be disclosed by request of lecturers.
 Six-month course, KRW 30,000 monthly tuition (separate costs for materials)
Seoul announced the Seoul Social Economy Revitalization 2.0 Promotion Plan (19-22) on Mar. 14th with plans to create a city where social economy can be experienced in daily life by focusing on citizens as subjects, region-based achievement, feeling the changes in daily life, etc. The keyword of the plan is citizen-oriented. Citizens will take part in the plan as socioeconomic consumers, investors, and entrepreneurs to propose innovative solutions to issues from daily matters including those pertaining to housing, Dolbom, employment, etc., and various approaches will be provided to allow for them to take the lead in the structure of virtuous cycle of the regional economy. First, Seoul will help citizens in public housing complexes deduce ways of lifestyle innovation and use these as a business model to be developed further. When residents form self-groups for health care, Dolbom care service for children and the elderly, housekeeping services, and other services necessary for living, support organizations will offer training and consulting to establish socioeconomic businesses. Starting with 15 public housing complexes, this project is scheduled to be expanded to 35 locations by 2022. By 2022, Seoul will also organize ten citizen technical schools, which are professional educational organizations for techniques and services necessary for living. Technical training in relation to food, clothing, and shelter (such as clothing repair, upcycling, meal cooking, and wall papering), establishment of socioeconomic businesses, and training for attaining entrepreneurial spirit will be implemented to establish regional management companies, which will be region-based and socioeconomic businesses. Seoul will also concentrate on creating a citizen-oriented, self-help base to move beyond the limitations of governmental and social housing. Public funds and systematic organization of space will be expanded to lower public sector dependency while securing the autogenetic capacity to improve business sustainability. Social ventures such as nurturing of innovative businesses, formation of social investment funds, and the Social Impact Bond (SIB) which have been promoted until now will continue to be expanded. Expansion of public purchases for markets of socioeconomic businesses and for market development, along with diversification of distribution channels will also receive active support. Finally, Seoul will aid program operations for the fostering of innovative individuals in the socioeconomic field in addition to promoting international solidarity and cooperation through the Global Social Economy Forum (GSEF). 
Seoul announced the Urban and Construction Innovation (Proposal) on the 12th (Tues.) which is intended to be a step towards actualizing its announcement regarding urban planning innovation aimed at breaking away from being an isolated, dreary apartment republic in which areas are cut off from the rest of the city like islands and towards restoring natural spaces and communities to foster more futuristic settings. The city will essentially be implementing a new process for urban and architectural innovation. As an arbiter in urban planning, Seoul will work together with residents and offer professional support from start to finish for this restoration project. Seoul plans to inspire more dynamic architectural designs which take into consideration the citys overall landscape and its connection with history and culture starting from the first step of this project. Residents potential will be fostered by increasing transparency regarding the business related aspects of this project so conflicts related to issues of cost, duration, and inconvenience will be drastically reduced. To realize these objectives, preliminary public planning will be conducted at an earlier stage of the overall project in order to share the project guidelines. The Seoul Apartment Development Standard will also be organized to overcome the detachment and confinement of apartment complexes as they are and create more open feeling apartments. This standard will also be applied to all future apartment maintenance projects.During construction and design, a city organization composed of experts will offer aid to help get innovative design concepts put into new designs. The city will provide a total KRW 100-500 million for design and contribution expenses in addition to the costs required for a Resident General Meeting for the selection of a public proposal.Among private buildings in Seoul, housing takes up large portion at 58%, and due to the uniformity and shutdown of many apartment buildings these buildings have an impact on the landscape of the city must be overcome to actualize the 100-year plan for urban planning revolution. Seouls Urban and Construction Innovation (Proposal) address four main issues: the implementation of a new process for support which is responsible to the public the introduction of the preliminary public planning step for urban planning the urban restoration of apartment complexes and innovation in architectural design. A professional organization will be formed and systematic support will be given for the realization of these four goals.
For fifteen days, from March 15 (Friday) to March 30 (Saturday), the public will have access to the 100th National Sports Festival and the 39th National Para Games in advance at the west Gwanghwamun Square Seoul will operate the ICT (Information & Communication Technology) Experience Center with National Sports Festival PR booths, a robot caf, a 5G escape mission room, a VR (virtual reality) game zone, and more. There will be nine experience contents available at the center. First, the National Sports Festival PR booth will introduce the symbol of the competition, the history of the National Sports Festival, and star athletes discovered through the National Sports Festival. Those taking part at the booth while uploading pictures and SNS posts will receive National Sports Festival souvenirs. At the Sports Zone, everyone receives firsthand experience of festival events  baseball, shooting, and archery  through wireless VR devices to enable the public to enjoy new experiences as if actually partaking in the National Sports Festival. The 5G Mission Room will feature games, including spot the differences and finish the sentence, as well as trampoline jumping, proof shot photo-taking, and other missions given in each room to solve as part of the escape room game format. The center will also feature eye-catching experiential content that constructively utilizes robots, AR, and other new technology. The Technology Zone will provide smart detection technology, like the integrated control system that uses a 360-degree CCTV and AI convergent fire prevention technology, a robot arm that expresses given phrases in calligraphy, and AR support technology that utilizes glass with AR technology. There will also be a guide robot that offers a tour of the National Sports Festival, the robot caf where robots provide beverages, a robot that draws portraits, and other state-of-the-art technology, amid performances by popular singers, and prize drawing for visitors. In addition to all this, Seoul will host various events like the National Sports Festival Photography and Relics Exhibition, performances wishing for the success of the event, and more, in hopes of arousing public interest about the upcoming 100th National Sports Festival in October.
Noksapyeong Subway Station transformed into an art gallery with a garden where public artworks, natural light, and plants merge together. The wicket that was on the second basement floor was moved to the fourth floor basement to open the entire subway station space to the public, from basement levels 1-4, excluding the platform. The unique and beautiful architecture of Noksapyeong Station was constructively utilized for artworks display and an underground garden, from the station entrance to the fifth floor basement with the platform. Along the entire inner wall of Noksapyeong Stations large, 35-meter trademark courtyard, or main hall, will hang a thin metal curtain to reflect the sunlight shining in through the glass ceiling dome of the central courtyard, while the inside of the station will be made into a giant canvas that encompasses lights in a constantly changing motion. The lights will change while riding the escalator to create a sense of space transformation. In the fourth floor basement waiting room, previously neglected despite being an open area, artworks based on forest theme are awaiting visitors. From the ceiling hangs knitted, aluminum wires that create an atmosphere similar to a tunnel filled with vegetation with one side containing installation artworks resembling the pine tree trails of Namsan Mountain. The innermost space, the fifth floor basement platform, is filled with works showcasing the docile, warm coloring of colored pencils that brighten the unwelcoming atmosphere of the platform. The empty circular hall on the fourth floor basement transformed into a plant garden with over 600 different plants. In addition to being a space of seeing and healing, gardeners will cultivate plants, amid a series of gardening programs, in which the public may freely participate.The Noksapyeong Station Underground Art Garden is composed of public artworks by seven global artists and local intermediate and rising artists, an underground plant garden, and public facilities, including a gallery and seminar room. The Underground Plant Garden was created underground at a depth reaching the height of an 11 story building, located at the fourth floor basements circular hall. The natural light that penetrates through the glass ceiling dome during the daytime enhances the panoramic of the area. The neglected spaces were used to create the first floor basement gallery and fourth floor basement seminar room for public use. The spaces are planned for use involving exhibitions, art programs, lectures, and performances. With the opening of Noksapyeong Stations public art garden, the Noksapyeong Walk program is scheduled to launch on a regular basis, which is a program entailing a walking tour from Noksapyeong Station through Yongsan Park Gallery and around Yongsan Garrison. The Noksapyeong Walk is a public-participatory program and walking tour linked with the Yongsan Park Gallery that beings from the first floor basement of Noksapyeong Station. Advanced program registration is open to the public via the Public Service Reservation website (yeyak.seoul.go.kr). The Noksapyeong Public Art Project does not simply import artworks into the subway station, but rather, is a new attempt to innovatively change the way subway station spaces are used. Artwork and public spaces along the inner structure of Noksapyeong Station naturally integrated into the current space, like wallpaper, to enable a transformation into an art gallery for its entirety to become a piece of art in itself. 
Seoul has been placing free hope advertisements every year since 2012 to aid the public activities of nonprofit organizations and to revitalize the economic activities of small businesses, and the first subject contest of this year will be held from March 12 (Tue) to April 12 (Fri).
From 2012 to 2018, Seoul selected and provided aid to 295 organizations and businesses, and it further plans to support 40 organizations and businesses over two sessions this year.Seoul will select and give preferential treatment to those businesses that end up with the same scores in the hope advertisement subject contest for business support of youths and provide help to youth startups.Subjects of the contest include contribution to society through donations, sharing, and volunteer work, and activities by nonprofit organizations that protect the human rights and interests of the socially vulnerable, startup stories of small businesses that can give hope and courage to citizens and youths, and stories of public nature such as cases of social participation by corporations, etc.The selected organization will receive full support from Seoul in designing, printing, pasting, and image production, etc., and it is anticipated that the participation of youth startups with expertise in designing and image production will produce higher-quality advertisements this year.
The medium of publicity supported by Seoul include inner corners of the subway, street stands, shoe repair stands, etc. in a total of approximately 6,896 places, and a one-time advertisement on the project will be featured in the monthly city magazine, Love.seoul. Also, in order to provide reinforced support through online advertisements starting this year, the organization or business selected for the hope advertisement will be introduced in an article in Media Hub Seoul in addition to a separate banner that can be opened for viewing at any time. The application procedure and other detailed information can be found on Seoul Citys website http://seoul.go.kr. 
With continual occurrence of urban problems that go beyond the boundaries of the administrative regions of the metropolitan area to reach a megalopolitan dimension, and the need for countermeasures increasing on a wider scale, Seoul, Incheon, Gyeonggi-do, and the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport will launch a collaborative service for the establishment of Metropolitan City-Region Planning.Seoul, Incheon, and Gyeonggi-do regions form a large megalopolis community (shared life zone) that are extremely close and connected to surrounding cities in terms of space and function. Accordingly, the need for comprehensive measures against issues such as metropolitan traffic systems, air quality improvements, and prevention of thoughtless development at a megalopolitan level have continually increased, but a practical metropolitan plan that encompasses the metropolitan area still remains absent. The Metropolitan City-Region Planning is the most significant city plan under the regulation of the National Land Planning and Utilization Act, and as a plan that presents a long-term direction for the development of megalopolitan districts under planning, it will also present reorganization of spatial structure, use of metropolitan land and facilities, and division of city functions. This Metropolitan City-Region Planning will resolve megalopolitan traffic and environmental issues in accordance with the reorganization period of the Fifth Comprehensive National Development Plan (20-40) and the Fourth Seoul Metropolitan Area Readjustment Planning (21-40), while stressing the establishment of a practical plan for metropolitan development appropriate for such time of population decrease and low growth. The proposal for the 2040 Metropolitan City-Region Planning will be drafted early next year, and the final plan will be confirmed late next year after deliberation by the Central Urban Planning Committee.
This year marks the 20th year since Seoul founded a national unit organization in relation to informatization for the official launch of an ICT-based city management and operations policy. Seoul plans to rise above its overwhelming status for seven consecutive years as number one in e-Governance in the world, and kick into high gear to attain the goal of cutting-edge Smart City Seoul based on big data and new ICT.At the core of Smart City Seoul is big data known as the crude oil of the 21st century. Continuing Seouls individual services that operated under the name of informatization such as the Owl Buses, public Wi-Fi, and mVoting, Seoul will combine the IoT, blockchain, and other key technologies of the Fourth Industrial Revolution to the worlds best ICT technology, infrastructure, and accumulated city and administrative data which have been constructed until now, in order to create a new growth engine and offer new services as never before experienced in the past.For this project, 50,000 IoT (Internet of Things) sensors will be installed throughout Seoul. In the area of transportation, the Shared Parking System will be introduced within the year to relieve chronic parking difficulties with the IoT sensor that will grasp the availability of parked cars in real time, allowing citizens to check, reserve, and pay for parking spaces via a smartphone app. The sensors will analyze floating population data even when installing senior welfare centers and other infrastructure in order to expand infrastructure to areas of demand. When establishing city plans or constructing new buildings, the 3D-based Virtual Seoul system will simulate how these will affect the existing city environment and upgrade city management policies.Also, 120 Dasan Call Center will apply a trial run of the Chat Bot function, which automatically responds to citizens questions using the artificial intelligence (AI) technology, and images will be analyzed based on big data and AI technology to officially introduce Intelligent CCTV that automatically detects particular situations like fights and fires. 
The 100th National Sports Festival and 39th National Para Games (hereinafter National Sports Festival) will commence in Seoul in October 2019. The National Sports Festival, which began with the Joseon Baseball Tournament in 1920 and celebrating its 100th year, will be held for the first time in 33 years in Seoul since its beginning in 1986.Seoul will install the National Sports Festival volunteer support headquarters at Seoul Volunteer Center and recruit 6,000 volunteers from March 12 (Tue) until April 26, 2019 (Fri) for 46 days in its largest ever recruitment.
Selected volunteers will remain active at the National Sports Festival from October 4 until October 10, 2019 and at the National Para Games from October 15 until October 19, 2019. Volunteers will participate in various areas including stadium operations, opening and closing ceremonies, cultural festivals and torch relay support, comprehensive situation room management, and 1-on-1 customized support for athletes with disabilities, and they can also take part in events, campaigns, and publicity activity support as part of prior boom-up activities of the National Sports Festival.Citizens who wish to volunteer can apply via the website (2019vol.sportseoul.kr) starting March 12. With the introduction of a citizen recommendation system to be enforced for the first time in the country, citizens will participate directly in the recruitment of volunteers and also in publicity. More information can be found on the website. Both individual and group volunteers will receive payment for their work when participating for a minimum of four hours of activity per day. They will also receive souvenirs including the volunteer uniform, in addition to prizes from the mayor, the superintendent of education of Seoul, etc.For more information on volunteer recruitment of National Sports Festival, send your inquiries to Seoul Volunteer Center Headquarters (1833-2788).
In light of the new season, the Seoul Metropolitan Librarys outer wall, the Seoul Dream Board, changed into its spring uniform. Through Seouls Spring Dream Board Message Contest that was open for 15 days from February 1 to 15, the winning message of Even the nameless days turn into spring / Even the nameless flowers are fragrant by Ha Jeong-yoon (age 28) and Hong Jong-chan (age 25) was selected. The message will be introduced to citizens on their way to work on Tuesday morning on March 12. The Dream Wall selected for spring 2019 is special. The winning message is a combination of winning works by two participants selected by the Message Selection Committee. The two similar messages were submitted separately but naturally came together in an antithesis as a single message. When put together, the message maximized the warm comfort and energy of spring at last. Setting the theme of spring message contest as Words that deliver warm comfort and beautiful hope in light of spring, Seoul selected winning works by six individuals from among 901 submissions. Selected works to be displayed will go through an image process for a suitable image and will be revealed to citizens for the first time on Tuesday morning of March 12, to be displayed at the library entrance in front of Seoul Plaza until the end of May. The Dream Board operated by Seoul conveys messages of warm comfort and hope to citizens going through busy and tough everyday life. In order to share messages that ring true with the lives of citizens, creative messages of less than 30 characters have been selected through contests and displayed on the large board installed on the front wall of Seoul Metropolitan Library since June 2013. Seoul plans to open the 2019 Summer Seoul Dream Board Message Contest in May. 
Together with Korea Smart Card, Seoul will introduce the countrys first AI Taxi System which grafts the AI technology of the Fourth Industrial Revolution onto Seoul taxis. The system is a new attempt that gathers taxi drivers to areas in which taxi demand is expected to be high. It is anticipated that this will improve the imbalance of supply and demand, which was one factor that made it difficult to catch a taxi. The AI Taxi System added even those variables that influence the demand for taxi such as the weather forecast, demographics, business districts, and public transportation information, etc. to taxi boarding history data obtained through the Seoul Taxi Information System (STIS) as a means of improving accuracy. Seoul has been administering the AI Taxi System through a trial operation with five companies and 380 taxis from November 2018. The system will be improved based on actual feedback from this operation with plans to extend the project to all taxis in Seoul. The AI taxi classifies areas of Seoul into 100m by 100m zones and predicts taxi demand in each relevant zone. The information will be shown on Android-based taxi payment card readers to help taxi drivers easily move to areas of high taxi demand. Seoul plans to carry out continuous monitoring with the occurrence of a significant variable of taxi fare adjustment which was implemented on February 16, and it will take feedback from the trial run operation staff to supplement the system, make careful examination to see if there are any side effects that passengers may have experienced, and gradually expand distribution of the system. 
To support the independent living of severely disabled persons in 2019, Seoul plans to establish and enforce a comprehensive support plan for the severely disabled so that they would not experience discomfort in everyday life. The two new projects of the year focus on minimizing the absence of Dolbom project for the severely disabled. The project will offer a Dolbom activity service of 50 hours per month for the elderly disabled persons over the age of 65 and daytime activity services for socialization based on regional society for adults past the age of schooling with developmental disabilities. Furthermore, Seoul and the Ministry of Health and Welfare will provide support for 88 daytime activity services per month on average to 280 individuals annually so that adults with developmental disabilities who graduate from special education schools can learn in a local community during the day, find enjoyment, and develop into a citizen who is able to empathize with others. To expand the infrastructure for independent living of the disabled, Seoul will newly open four Centers for Independent Living (from the current number of 45 centers), through which the disabled personally form groups and which takes on the responsibility from the grassroots for independent living and increases support personnel.The second deinstitutionalization plan will also be actively promoted in addition to providing greater support for the deinstitutionalization of severely disabled persons who are transitioning from long periods of stay at housing facilities to life in the local community. Nine individuals found jobs through the internship program for the severely disabled that was in operation last year, and Seoul will select 27 interns this year (from 25) to offer customized training and employment opportunities. Emergency notification service support for the severely disabled was increased from 1,336 households last year to 1,503 households in 2019. As a new project of this year, remote control door locks will be installed in 1,250 households to help the opening of doors for the severely disabled. 
Now, as Seoul is pushing to revitalize the economy, the city has announced the Seventh Elections (19-22) Seoul Small Business Comprehensive Support Plan for the 690,000 small businesses and self-employed people in Seoul that form the backbone of Seouls economy. This plan recognizes small businesses as the lifeblood of economic activity and is focused on having more strategies which ensure their continuous survival and growth in the ever-changing business environment. To this end, the city will implement strategies for the expansion of support customized to the various life cycles stages of businesses and for the fortification of commercially-oriented competitiveness. A local support platform, which will become the foundation for regular support that helps small businesses grow, and a local small business governing institution, to attract the participation of other districts, small businesses, and public institutions, will both be constructed. To prevent failed entrepreneurship in some industries, Seoul will use big data to give startup consulting to small businesses. This will help to mitigate the financial burden faced by small businesses struggling with business management, to further develop the social safety net, and to provide balanced support without alienating or ignoring anyone. Firstly, one Small Business Comprehensive Support Platform, which will offer a one-stop financial consulting and business development package for all small businesses in the corresponding region, will be opened in all twenty-five districts by 2021. The platforms will offer startup consultation and joint-brand development in addition to business life cycle services for a close marking of small business within the region. To revitalize side street businesses, where approximately 80% of small businesses are situated, 60 community business districts will be started by 2022. Through support like a map which analyzes the local characteristics and consumption patterns in neighborhoods with struggling businesses, art marketing, etc, these areas will grow into community business districts that are competitive and get local residents patronage, revitalizing local businesses through local consumption. To lessen the heavy burden of increasing business expenses, long-term low interest loans from the Small and Medium Enterprise Nurturing Fund will continuously be expanded while keeping interest rates at 2-2.5%. Furthermore, in order to ameliorate the disadvantages of small businesses in unfair trade situations, the autonomous districts will direct related administrative matters to improve stability. This April, the Small Business Research Center, which will take charge of policy development for survival strategies and strengthening small businesses, will be established by the local government. This center will rigorously examine policy developments and promotions that can be directly applied on-site at businesses, and, additionally, will provide business analysis services to help small businesses be successful. 
The universal Elementary Dolbom program will be launched in Seoul to fill childcare gaps during after school hours, vacations, and holidays for dual-income or single-parent families with elementary school students. With an emphasis placed on infant and childcare, Seoul expanded the number of national and public childcare centers to 1,500 centers over the past seven years and will increase the number of Our Neighborhood Kium Centers for elementary school students to 400 centers by 2022. This means that there will be a center within a ten-minute walking distance from each students school or home. The Dolbom service network for first-time or single parents will also be improved. The number of Child Caregivers who look after kids from households with infants and elementary school students will be more than doubled (from 3,000 to 8,000) by 2022, and the Open Childcare Rooms (shared nursing centers), which are community spaces for childcare that can be used be parents, infants, and children, will see a tenfold increase (from 40 to more than 450 locations). For parents who work nights or weekends the Basic Extended Childcare Centers, which babysit children during the night and on weekends, will be increased from the current nine locations to fifty locations over the course of the year. These projects will create spaces for children, who go to and from after school academies with nowhere else to stay, to spend time with friends and rest while also offering space and services that allow working parents to place their children under care without worry. These projects are aimed at creating a system of universal care for parents so that they can concentrate on work and life without worrying about childcare. Furthermore, the Whole Village Childcare Conference, participated in by the city, district, and education offices and the neighborhood Dolbom institutions and groups, will be organized and operated by Seoul, with each district, to perform its role as a governing body which links and regulates Dolbom resources for each neighborhood. 
In a time in which gender discrimination in the workplace is still rampant, the Seoul Foundation of Women & Family will be holding the Making Workplaces Equal for Female Youth conference on March 11th (Monday), 7 p.m. in the Seoul Womens Plazas 2F Gender Library in order to commemorate International Womens Day on March 8th On March 8th, which is International Womens Day, significant for highlighting issues faced by women in the workplace, the foundation will hear cases related to gender discrimination experienced by young women in the workplace and engage in a dialogue with the public. This conference will be connected with Seouls labor policy and examine the labor issues faced by young women in the workplace, specifically in the fields of digital media and social venture which were once excluded from labor policies pertaining to the labor market.
This conference, through such groups as the Korean Womens Trade Union, the Digital Content Freelancer Union (DCFU), and other female networks within the tech industry, will focus on building a critical awareness of the new problems being faced by young women in changing work environments in order to broadly discuss gender discrimination in employment practices and sites of investment and their relationship with gender equality in the workplace.
More information about the event can be found at the Seoul Foundation of Women & Family website www.seoulwomen.or.krOpen Plaza>Event Information).
Seoul will extensively push forward with Seoul Care  Health Dolbom, which offers integrated support for all citizens to enjoy healthy lives in their neighborhoods in addition to medical consultation, nutrition, and rehabilitation services by visiting community health center Dolbom teams and connections with safety bars installation, companionship, and outdoor programs.Seoul Care  Health Dolbom is a leading model of local, customized inclusive care. Health Dolbom teams will be formed and operated at community health centers that put residents health first, and professionals like neighborhood doctors, nurses, dietitians, social workers, and mental health personnel will be stationed. The teams will visit resident households experiencing difficulty with health management to offer extensive health assessments, disease education, and concentrated nutrition and rehabilitation services in addition to forming links with visiting community centers for necessary service support and follow-up management.To construct a Health Dolbom infrastructure, Seoul cooperated with concerned organizations, studied the required sectors, educated professionals, and developed manuals and computation programs last year for thorough preparations that resulted in trial operations of Health Dolbom in the four districts of Seongdong, Nowon, Eunpyeong, and Gwanak in November and December of 2018. As the first project of the Seoul Dolbom policy-integrated brand Seoul Care, Health Dolbom will be expanded to 10 districts and enforced in all districts by 2022. Health center branches, the hub of Health Dolbom, will be expanded to five locations and up to 80 locations by 2022. Health Dolbom teams will be stationed at all future health center branches as base centers of district Health Dolboms.Furthermore, the city concluded the Business Agreement for Construction and Operation of the Seoul Care  Health Dolbom System with Seoul Medical Association for stable launching of Health Dolbom last month on the 27th. This improved cooperation with private medical institutions and allowed for doctors of neighborhood clinics to take part in the project as Health Dolbom team neighborhood doctors to increase the effectiveness of local Dolbom services.
Seoul will take direct responsibility of peoples health by opening the door of the Seoul Social Service Agency to the citizens of Seoul. Long-term recuperation, activity support for the disabled, childcare, and other social services that were handled by private sectors will be offered firsthand by the community for fortified public concern, better service quality, and improved treatment of professionals. The main projects of the Seoul Social Service Agency include firsthand operation of national and public social welfare facilities, installment and operation of comprehensive home centers , and support for private service institutions. In January, for the official launching of the Seoul Social Service Agency, Seoul organized a board member nomination committee and publicly recruited nominees for the board. As a result, one director, six non-executive directors, and one non-executive auditor were elected. The founding ceremony is scheduled to be held on March 11 and will be followed by staff employment and service preparations for official start of the service in the latter half of the year. 
Seoul is set to recruit 40 new teams as resident members of Seoul Global Startup Center by March 27 (Wed). Foreigners residing in Korea regardless of nationality with aspirations for entrepreneurship and business ideas can apply. Seoul Global Startup Center, which first opened in 2016 to support domestic business startups by local resident foreigners, immigrants, and international students, is also a small global village with currently 40 resident teams from 33 countries. The center fostered 117 foreigner startups, and among these, 41 preliminary startup teams succeeded and attracted investments totaling KRW 3.4 billion. In the past three years, the center saw an employment effect of 311 individuals from 70 resident teams to become the center of successful entrepreneurship for foreigners. Selected resident members will be given a one-year membership for residence, and members can utilize the startup space for up to three years through a screening for extension. Not only will members receive a maximum of KRW 20 million for startup support funds and customized mentoring, but they will also receive customized support to attract investments and pioneer the markets. Starting this year, the center will open and operate the Business Korean Education Curriculum (approximately 30 sessions) and introduce online crowdfunding to attract investment and pioneer the way for overseas markets.The required documents for application can be found on the Seoul Global Startup Center website (http://seoulgsc.com), and applicants can submit their applications online.
A briefing session on recruitment of resident membership will be given at Seoul Global Startup Centers Co-Working Hall (3F) on March 14 (Thu) at 2 p.m. 
Three directors of disaster prevention from the City of Pasig in Metro Manila, Philippines will be visiting Seoul for three days starting March 4 to acquire know-how for the creation of a smart city from Seoul, which has been ranked No. 1 in E-Government since 2003. Last May, Seoul dispatched an on-site inspection team upon invitation of the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority (MMDA) to give a presentation on an autonomous, high-speed communication infrastructure, measures for creation of a CCTV control center, and the intelligent traffic system for construction of a smart city, and led a discussion on application measures. The team visited the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority and the Metropolitan Integrated Control Center to analyze the urban infrastructure of Metropolitan Manila and share know-how. This visit was arranged for the promotion of actual project for induction of additional city buses and construction of an intelligent traffic system.The visiting team plans to tour the Seoul Network Operating Center and the Seoul Cyber Security Center to learn about the autonomous information and communications network through the use of a subway tunnel, the intelligent cyber security system that protects citizens personal information and administrative data, and smart city infrastructure with plans to discuss substantial and cooperative measures. The City of Pasig operates 15 city buses in Metro Manila, and Seoul will share the key know-how of Seouls smart traffic policies, including the Seoul Transport Operation and Information Service (TOPIS), the Bus Information System (BIS), and the Bus Management System (BMS). 
Seoul announced the 2019 Seoul MICE Industry Promotion Basic Plan as the foundation for comprehensive promotion of the MICE industry, a high value-added, futuristic growth engine, and prepares to take steps in earnest for a full-scale launch of the project.In the year of 2018, MICE Seoul achieved remarkable results. It succeeded in attracting 186 cases of Global MICE Collaborative and expanded the number of member companies of Seoul MICE Alliance (SMA), a Seoul-based foundation of public-private partnership of the MICE industry, from 260 members in 2017 to 299 members in 2018. Seoul also received the honor of being selected as the Best MICE City for four consecutive years, in addition to being selected as the worlds third ranked international conference host city for three years in a row. Based on such achievements, Seoul plans to establish and promote the 2019 Seoul MICE Industry Promotion Basic Plan to broaden the economic influence of MICE and contribute to the revitalization of Seouls economy. First, the support system will be reinforced with a significant increase in budget from the existing amount of KRW 150 million to a maximum of KRW 250 million for international conferences in Seoul in addition to the attraction of societies, groups, associations, organizations, and corporations. Support for business conferences and incentive tours with a minimum of consecutive two-night stays in Seoul and a total of 100-night stays (the number of stays by all participants) will increase from the existing maximum of KRW 100 million to a maximum of KRW 200 million, and customized packages will be added through consideration of the characteristics of business events. For the first time nationwide, MICE cooperative marketing will be developed, which will link Seoul MICE with specialized tourism contents of other cities and provinces. Through this domestic cooperative promotion, Seoul plans to extend the influence of Seoul MICE to other cities and provinces in Korea to contribute to mutual and regional growth. With efforts to strengthen the capacity of MICE enterprises, Seoul Comprehensive MICE Support Center will newly open within Seoul Tourism Organization in July for comprehensive support of substantial management. 
Sogong Underground Shopping Center, Jung-gu, Seoul, which connects Seoul City Hall to Myeong-dong, has become smart with various IoT technologies of domestic start-ups.Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corporation turned the Sogong Underground Shopping Center into a smart underground shopping center based on five fourth-industrial-revolution-related IoT technologies to enhance the safety and convenience of the citizens. The Corporation is planning to apply the system to other underground shopping centers after monitoring the management of the first example.First, the Emergency Evacuation System helps provide assistance in the event of a fire breaking out in the shopping center, triggering the detection of smoke from the sensor, followed by the outbreak of fire being informed to the crisis center, and the center providing instruction to the public on the proper escape route. Also, the arrow emergency lightings were installed at the entrances and passages to help visitors easily find the exits even in the dark.Second, the Crime Prevention System installed in three womens restrooms incorporate an Emergency Call System for a one-touch phone connection with crisis center personnel in case of an emergency, as well as an Emergency Bell in each stall.Third, the Smart Farm, a greenhouse plant cultivator that absorbs the stale underground air to provide purified air, was installed at five locations in the Shopping Center and promotes an optimum environment regarding temperature, humidity, and watering to be set while the process of plant growth can be monitored through an app.Fourth, the Floating Population Measuring System was installed on the ceiling near the entrance to measure and analyze the floating population, as well as their number, path, retention time, and concentration rate. The collected big data can be used for the revitalization of the Shopping Center, as well as for the promotion of public safety.Fifth, the Total Information System was established at three spots to facilitate the searching of over 150 stores, what items they sell, the entrances, convenience facilities, and nearby tourist attractions in Myeong-dong. Four languages, including Korean, English, Chinese, and Japanese, are available for foreign tourists. IoT Smart Farm for Air Purification Emergency Call System in Womens Restroom
Seoul Metropolitan Government supports young people through the Free Suit Rental Program for Job Seekers, which they can use up to 10 times a year to reduce the cost of job seeking.Up through the end of 2018, a total of 56,913 young job seekers used the Free Suit Rental Program for Job Seekers, helping lessen their financial burden. According to the satisfaction survey, 97% of users liked the service, propelling the increase of suit rental centers from three to five over the course of the last year. From high school graduation candidates to those aged under 34 who reside in Seoul, as well as university students or soon-to-be graduates living in Seoul, are qualified to use the Free Suit Rental Program for Job Seekers and rent suits free of charge up to 10 times a year.Those seeking to use the rental service should make a reservation for the visiting schedule (date and time) on the official website (job.seoul.go.kr) and come to the rental center at the appointed hour. Upon arrival to the center, the visitors body size will be measured by the rental specialist, who will pick the suit depending on the body type and the target position of the job seeker. The visitor can borrow not only the suits of various designs and styles, but also other items required for a job interview, including a necktie, belt, and shoes, in one place.The rental period lasts for four days. Ones body size should be measured only once upon the initial visit, and afterward, one can make an online application for a home delivery service. When one needs the rented suit for a longer period due to a busy interview schedule, the period may be extended via the reservation system and returned once the schedule has completed.
On March 1, 1919, resisting against Japanese colonial rule of Korea, a group of Korean demonstrators initiated the non-violent Manse Movement (shouting Long Live Korean Independence!) to announce all over the world that Joseon is an independent nation and to participate in building world peace, which formed the basis for the establishment of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea. Seoul is essentially the origin of the March First Independence Movement where it was planned and initiated, while the city of Pyongyang acted as the wings of the movement along with Seoul where the March First Independence Movement actively developed and thrived.The March First Independence Movement of Seoul and Pyongyang, the special exhibition in celebration of the centennial anniversary of the March First Independence Movement, will be held from March 1 to May 26, 2019, at the Special Exhibition Hall of the Seoul Museum of History. The opening ceremony will take place on February 28 at 3 p.m.The March First Independence Movement was not a one-day event that only took place on March 1, 1919. In preparation since January of the same year, the Proclamation of Korean Independence was printed at night on February 27 and distributed nationwide the next day, and the Manse Movement was initiated concurrently in nine cities including Seoul and Pyongyang on March 1. The exhibition spotlights its systematic preparation and the detailed process of its implementation.In relation to Pyongyang, articles left by the deceased independence activists who were engaged in the movement in Pyongyang, paintings of the map of Pyongyang, and photographs of the place where the ceremony for declaration of independence took place on March 1, 1919 will be on display at the exhibition.In addition, vivid images of the time will be on display for visitors through various exhibition contents. In an experiential exhibit to be held for the first time, visitors will read the Proclamation of Korean Independence out loud and feel their voices resonate throughout Tapgol Park.
Also, videos will be made available to help the visitors thoroughly explore the circumstances of the time of the movement.Admission is free of charge, and the exhibition will be open during the operating hours of 9 a.m.  8 p.m. on weekdays (closed on Mondays except on holidays) and 9 a.m.  6 p.m. on Saturdays, Sundays, and holidays. For detailed information, visit the official website of the Seoul Museum of History (www.museum.seoul.kr) or call 82-2-724-0274 for inquiries.
After Japans forceful occupation of Korea in 1910, the Korean army raised in the cause of justice and patriotic martyrs initiated the independence movement throughout the nation, fighting against the unjust invasion of Korea by Japan. The Japanese Government General of Korea imposed forceful military rule and inflicted severe oppression on the Korean people, while trying to eliminate the just foundation of the national resistance movement by annihilating Koreas inherent culture and thoroughly dominating its economy.For these reasons, leaders of the Korean independence movement sought refuge on foreign soil including China, Manchuria, Siberia, and the Americas in preparation for the movement or waited for the opportunity while going underground by organizing a secret society. Some of the nationalist leaders who had been searching for the opportunity thought that it was the optimal opportunity to strive for national independence when anti-Japanese sentiment intensified after US President Wilsons announcement of the principle of national self-determination, the February Eighth Independence Declaration by Korean students studying in Japan, and the death of King Gojong all coincided together, whereby they actively planned for the nationwide March First Independence Movement.In the modern history of Korea, the March First Independence Movement has a great meaning. It occurred in Seoul and spread throughout the nation following the railroad and the marketplaces before its forceful cessation due to the oppression of Japan in April 1920. Over 2 million people participated in the demonstration shouting Dongnip Manse (Long Live Korean Independence!) and attacked the governing buildings of the Japanese Government-General of Korea. More than 50,000 Koreans were arrested by the police. The majority of the Korean population participated in the March First Independence Movement despite differences in class and region, as well as differences in age and gender to unify in one spirit. They all gathered to cry out in their yearning for national independence and spread the injustice of Japanese oppression to the rest of the world. This, proving that every Korean strongly desired the establishment of an autonomous nation while under violent threats of the Japanese military, triggered countless numbers of national movements resistant to Japan inside and outside of the country after the March First Independence Movement. In April 1919, when the March First Independence Movement reached its climax in Korea, the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea was launched in Shanghai, China, reflecting the national spirit of the movement. According to the spirit, the government did not aim towards restoring an empire or kingdom but towards building a democratic republic where people became the masters of their own country. Established right after the beginning of the March First Independence Movement, the government guaranteed the rights to freedom, human rights, association, and equality of the Korean people and affirmed the realization of a republican government through which the will of the people is reflected in politics by the provisional assembly. The policy to found a country designed by the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea was a political principle that was not only followed by all independence movement organizations, but has also been succeeded by the country of the Republic of Korea.
Seoul will offer citizens news about water quality through the Arisu app for easier access to tap water information. The Arisu app will be available on the Arisu website (http://arisu.seoul.go.kr) starting February 22, 2019, and users can select neighborhoods on the map for water quality information, Arisus supply routes and water quality per route, construction information, park water fountain locations, and check water quality in real time. The five Arisu information offered include:
"	 Regular monthly tap water quality,  the Arisu Supply Route that gives information about routes of tap water supply and water quality,  locations of park water fountains and quarterly water quality inspection results,  information on waterworks construction in neighborhoods, and  real-time water quality renewed every hour. "
Korean independence fighters were not the only people who fought for the Korean independence movement, foreigners also played a role in the nations independence. In light of the 100th anniversary of the March First Independence Movement, a special exhibit will shed light on the role of the Blue-eyed Independence Fighters who left their countries to offer their support for Koreas independence and growth.Seoul will be holding the Koreas Independence Movement and Canadians special exhibit from February 23rd (Sat.) to March 31st (Sun.) in the Seoul Citizens Hall City Gallery (floor B1).This exhibit commemorates the humanitarianism and dedication of five Canadians who embraced the Korean spirit of independence and contributed to the development of Korea by offering medical services and establishing schools.In addition to a photograph of people shouting Long Live Korean Independence taken personally by the Blue-eyed Independence Fighter Frank W. Schofield, the first foreigner to be buried at the Seoul National Cemetery, this exhibit will feature a total of fifty pieces including photos of the five activists, illustrations, writings, and other images related to their activities.
In mid-February 2019, at the earliest, female-only taxis and automatically allocated call taxis that do not have the option of choosing passengers will be made available to citizens in Seoul.
The names of the taxis for this service will be Waygo Blue Taxis for automatically allocated taxis that cannot choose passengers, and Waygo Lady Taxis for female-only reservation call taxis. The Waygo Blue Taxis will be automatically assigned to a passenger once a call is made with a vehicle nearest to the passenger. The driver cannot know the destination of the passenger until the passenger is picked up and cannot refuse the ride. This is the first case where it is structurally impossible for taxi drivers to pick and drive passengers of choice. To prepare for cases in which a taxi picks and drives a passenger, the city will prepare a monitoring system with the Seoul Taxi Information System (STIS). Daily state of operations, fare records, and user evaluation scores can be monitored through STIS.
Both passengers and drivers of the female-only reservation call taxis Waygo Lady Taxis will be women. However, young male elementary school students will be allowed in the taxis. Starting with the trial service period, the service will offer baby and infant car seats for the first time in the country. Through monitoring during the trial service period, adding junior car seats will be examined in the future, and applying the same additions to Waygo Blue Taxis will also be examined.The Waygo Lady Taxis will begin its trial service with 20 vehicles which will eventually be expanded to 500 vehicles by 2020 and to 1,000 drivers to contribute to the creation of jobs for females. Both the Waygo Blue and Waygo Lady taxis will undertake a three-month trial period following their launch. Taxi fares and additional service fares during the trial period will be appropriated and graded to between KRW 2,000-3,000 per time slot. Seoul plans to launch various additional services in phases including pet transportation taxis, freight transportation and errand taxis, senior welfare taxis, etc. to strengthen the competitiveness of taxi services. <Reference Photo  Waygo Blue Taxi (plan)>
Seoul is set to entirely expand <Neighborhood Learning Centers>, which are spaces for lifelong learning in neighborhoods and near offices, for all citizens to easily and conveniently participate in lifelong learning. By 2022, Seoul will install Neighborhood Learning Centers in all of 424 dong throughout Seoul to open the Era of One Neighborhood Learning Center Per Dong and construct and operate a more closely knit lifelong learning service network. Autonomous districts that will operate the Neighborhood Learning Centers will create a regional lifelong learning cooperation model with Seoul, and the districts can receive help on expert labor force, financial support, and custom consulting. With the introduction of Neighborhood Learning Centers in applicable districts, citizens will be able to participate in easier and more convenient lifelong learning. Starting in 2019, autonomous districts that manage the Neighborhood Learning Centers will have a minimum of two Dong Lifelong Learning Experts to raise program quality and to increase the substantiality of operations. The Dong Lifelong Learning Experts will develop and operate lifelong learning programs suitable for each district, provide support in learning community activities, offer counseling for learners and promote learner motivation, communicate with residents, and discover resources for learning in the district, etc. In addition, the centers will be linked with excellent civil programs and local infrastructures like schools, libraries, and cultural centers to construct a model of lifelong learning cooperation and co-existence that connects the city, autonomous districts, city offices of education, and the public. The centers will also offer practical and differentiated lifelong learning programs in accordance with social changes in life culture education, vocational capacity promotion, and solutions of local problems. 
The custom employment program for open recruitment during the first half of the year offering information and preparations for employment such as CV preparation consulting, ID photo shoot, interview training, etc. will officially be in full operation at the Seoul Job Caf starting in March. The Seoul Job Caf, located in Jongno, Sinchon, and other youth-concentrated areas, were utilized by 82,000 job applicants last year alone, and the caf offers various employment support programs and study rooms to rent at no charge for youths between the ages of 15-39 who are searching for jobs. Starting in March, the practical employment Concentrated Consulting program will be newly opened for operation. Expert consultants will offer close consulting and year-round follow-up management according to five-week employment goals for concentrated management of the whole employment process. Not only will there be lectures on various topics and mentoring, but also systematic management of each individual in the employment preparation stage as practice for actual employment. The Study Mentoring program that is in high demand by job applicants will be expanded. Last year, 4,840 individuals participated in the program at 18 job cafs with high satisfaction and participation rates, and the Study Mentoring program will be extended to approximately 70 job cafs, with up to three custom mentoring sessions to be provided for study groups. The city will operate special job caf programs adjusted to the eye level of the youth including job and industry analysis counseling, English rsum consulting, customized work experience consulting, and job concerts by incumbent workers for operation of job cafs that are utilized more by higher numbers of youth. Reservations and applications for job caf programs can be made at the <Seoul Job Portal> (http://job.seoul.go.kr). (Inquiries: 82-2-2133-5443) 
The <Dilkusha> with its red bricks and arched windows is the uniquely named house of Albert Taylor, the American who first reported the March First Independence Movement overseas. As the space of a Western Person of Distinguished Services to Independence who contributed greatly to Koreas independence, the significance of the 100th anniversary of the March First Independence Movement will be relived at <Dilkusha>, which is also a meaningful landmark due to its modern architectural style of the Japanese colonial era.  Seoul is restoring <Dilkusha>, the home of Albert Taylor, who was the first to break the news of the March First Independence Movement overseas, to create a gallery that shines a light on foreigners who contributed to Koreas independence. The <Dilkusha> restoration site will be open to all citizens as well as local and foreign visitors for the first time in celebration of the March First Independence Movement centennial on March 1 (Fri) from 14:00 to 16:20, together with citizen participatory events. However, the interior of <Dilkusha> will not be open to public for safety reasons. The last squatter who unlawfully resided in <Dilkusha> left in July 2018, and construction for restoration began in November that year. Seoul is undergoing restoration of the structure with the aim of opening it by 2020, and it will be open to citizens as an exhibition hall of the independence movement once construction is complete. For more information on the 100th Anniversary of the March First Independence Movement <Dilkusha> Opening Event Program for Citizens, contact the Seoul History & Cultural Heritage Division (82-2-2133-2636). 
The Happy Box, which grafts IoT technology to easy and convenient lockers that are inexpensive compared to existing lockers, was first introduced in 152 stations on subway lines 5-8 in 2015. Happy Boxes were then installed in all stations of lines 1-4 by September 2018. Happy Boxes were newly installed with an emphasis on improved user convenience. With the expansion of Happy Boxes to 277 subway stations, users can now utilize the lockers for storage or parcel pick-ups at all stations without the need to search for available lockers in advance. There are lockers of varying sizes, including large lockers for luggage for convenient use by travelers. The usage fee was lowered to ease the burden on users. The small locker that cost KRW 4,000 for a six-hour use lowered 25% of the fee to KRW 3,000. In response to an increased use of Happy Boxes to a monthly average of 120,000 users, Seoul reinforced its staff to offer stable services and the Call Back system was introduced to improve the customer response rate. The unmanned locker service is highly recognized overseas for its application of advanced technology and the use of public transportation like subways and trains as a logistics network. The United Kingdoms global media group Time Out published a post on Six things you didnt know about the Seoul subway, in which it introduced Happy Boxes and the use of advanced technology to set a password with a mobile phone and access payment information. 
Three actual photos containing images of Korean Victims of Military Sexual Slavery by Japan will be revealed for the first time at the national exhibition held in commemoration of the March First Independence Movement centennial. One photo is of the late Park Young-shim, who testified to her sufferings as a comfort woman, fully pregnant and in captivity when the photo was taken, and two photos of several Korean Victims of Military Sexual Slavery by Japan gathered together in Myitkyina, Myanmar, all of which are well known as representative photos of Korean Victims of Military Sexual Slavery by Japan. These photos were obtained through the three-year Record Management Project on Victims of Military Sexual Slavery by Japan by Seoul City and the Seoul National Universitys Chung Chin-sung Research Team (hereinafter SNU Research Team). Photos of Victims of Military Sexual Slavery by Japan which have been previously unveiled were scanned photos held by the U.S. National Archives and Records Administration, and this is the first time that actual photos were secured. The printed photos are 29cm in width and 21cm in length and have been preserved in good condition. In addition to the three actual photos, Seoul and the SNU Research Team will take historical documents, photos, film footages, testimonies of the Victims of Military Sexual Slavery by Japan, etc. which have been unearthed until now to open an exhibition entitled <Records, Memories: Stories of Victims of Military Sexual Slavery by Japan,  Untold Words>.The subject of this exhibit, Records, Memories, records the brave testimonies of the victims who revealed the truth of the issue of Military Sexual Slavery by Japan and incorporates the will to continue to remember the memories. Records which have been scattered will be collected and exhibited as photos, documents, and in storytelling format with artists art works on the theme of Victims of Military Sexual Slavery by Japan. The exhibition will be open at the Seoul Center for Architecture and Urbanism between February 25 (Mon) and March 20 (Wed) from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m., and admission will be free of charge. For more information, contact the Seoul Bureau of Family & Women Policy  (+82-2-2133-5057).  
The Seoul Dolbom SOS Center, which offers one-stop customized services ranging from housework and nursing to everyday help including accompanied hospital visits, light bulb changes, etc. to satisfy the residents desire for care, will open simultaneously for the first time in five autonomous districts or gu (Seongdong, Nowon, Eunpyeong, Mapo, Gangseo) in July 2019. The Dolbom SOS Center is an integrated window for welfare, health, and medical services. The centers will be installed and operated within Visiting Community Service Centers, which are at the forefront of resident welfare, and Dolbom Managers, members of staff composed of civil servants in social work and nursing, will be positioned in each center. Citizens who have previously visited or contacted community health centers, dementia centers, and social welfare centers separately to apply for services can now receive necessary service support, connections, and follow-up management at Dolbom SOS Centers.The elderly, handicapped, dementia patients, and citizens who desire to receive care can call or visit to make a request upon which Dolbom Managers will make a visit within 72 hours to get a grasp of the necessary services. A care plan for services appropriate for each individual will be established and then linked with the necessary facilities and services. Dolbom Managers will conduct satisfaction surveys and follow-up inspections for the use of services for overall management. If the Visiting Community Service Centers visited the sites of citizens lives in the past to actively discover welfare blind spots, the newly established Dolbom SOS Centers will play the role as the heart of substantial care services to continue providing practical care services to residents discovered previously as well as to all local residents faced with various difficulties. Seoul plans to construct a Seoul-type Integrated Dolbom System centering around Dolbom SOS Centers where public and private organizations within the regional community closely connect and cooperate with each other to provide comprehensive care services. 
In honor of the 100th anniversary of the March First Independence Movement, Seoul has announced the 2019 Centennial Anniversary of the March First Independence Movement Commemoration Project that comprehensively incorporates a memorial landmark project, participatory programs for the public, and commemorative events for people to celebrate and appreciate the sentiment of harmony. Beginning in 2016, Seoul Metropolitan Government was the first local government in Korea to begin systematically pursuing commemorative projects in order to promote public understanding of the March First Independence Movement. Some of these projects include the creation of a memorial space for the public, the recognition of the independence movement participants honor, and the refocusing on the history of the independence movement in preparation for its 100th anniversary.Samil-daero (Anguk Station to Jongno 2-ga), the origin point of the March First Independence Movement, will be reborn as a historically symbolic street on which people can relive the spirit of the March First Independence Movement as they take a break from daily life. Five other locations, including the Distribution Site of the Declaration of Independence, (which presently stands in front of Suwoon Hall) where the Declaration of Independence was held in safekeeping, and Cheondogyo Central Temple, where the national movement gathered following the March First Independence Movement, were also turned into public spaces. At Anguk Station (subway Line 3), the Centennial Stairs (underground floors 2-3) have been newly made with an inscription of the text of the Declaration of Independence. On March 1st, the actual event celebrating the March First Independence Movements centennial will take place. The cries of the Korean nation that shouted for independence a hundred years ago will be reenacted during a parade down Sejong-daero. The 2019 Centennial Anniversary of the March First Independence Movement Commemoration Project is meaningful as both the end of three years of hard work and also as the new beginning of the coming 100 years. Keywords from the past one hundred years include sympathy (expanding peoples sympathy on the March First Independence Movements centennial), memory (creating and using commemorative spaces), and reflection (knowing accurately the history of the nation). There will be thirty detailed projects in total.For citizens to experience the historical significance and understand the value of the March First Independence Movement, the Seoul March First Independence Movement Centennial Commemoration Event will be held throughout Seoul Plaza, Sejong-daero, and Gwanghwamun on March 1st while cultural events, such as the memorial exhibit of independence fighters, operas, cultural performances, and contemporary art exhibits, will be open for the public.Historical sites that are filled with the spirit of sacrifice for the nation, like the Site of Taehwagwan Building, where national representatives of the March First Independence Movement recited the Declaration of Independence, and Samil-daero, the birthplace of the March First Independence Movement, will be reborn as public spaces for people to more closely remember and reflect of the spirit of independence. Various exhibits, scholarly symposiums, historical lectures, and other participatory programs will be help to provide an opportunity for the public to relearn modern history, build an accurate understanding of history, and reflect on that history. 
Two days prior to Daeboreum, or the first full moon on the lunar calendar, on Feb. 17 (Sun), Seoul will celebrate the Daeboreum Festival, Walking on Seoullo event from 15:00-19:00 at Seoullo and Malli-dong Square to the area around Seoul Station where citizens will plan and take part in the event. This festival will feature various traditional experiential events. Treading the Daeboreum Bridge event will be held on the street from Magnolia Square to Rose Stage where citizens can drive out bad luck of the year and wish for health and longevity. At Magnolia Square will be Daeboreum experience booths with Bureom kkaegi (Crunching Nuts) experience, Gwibalgisul (ear-quickening wine) tasting and Yeotchigi (taffy making experience) for all citizens to take part in. The ear-quickening wine tasting, which is believed to enhance hearing and bring good tidings throughout the year, will be performed with traditionally made wine by Namchon Resident Group, composed of residents of Hoehyeon-dong. Citizens will be able to participate in bokjori (lucky bag) experience, which is a reenactment of the custom of hanging lucky bags in houses at the first full moon of the lunar year in the past. There will also be participatory lucky bag making and wish writing programs for families and children. At Malli-dong Square, Daeboreumdal, or the first full moon of the lunar calendar, will be exhibited for citizens appreciation, and experiential events involving tteok maechigi, jwibul nori, and ganggangsullae will be held in the vicinity of the square to add to the excitement of Jeongwol Daeboreum (Great Full Moon Day), or the 15th day of the lunar calendar.  
The Seoul Pet Plant Distribution Project, which combines both urban agriculture and social welfare services, is being spotlighted as an alternative solution for the emerging social issue of the rise in death and depression of low-income elders who live alone.Starting in March, the city of Seoul will begin distributing pet plants to 6,000 single, low-income elders ages 65 and older. 4,000 plants will be distributed in Seoul and 2,000 plants will be distributed in the outer city suburb districts. The city will distribute pet plants while also offering regular visits from horticultural therapists and district counselors for guidance on plant management. The city will also offer continuous management services via telephone for both consolation and emotional support. Outer city suburb districts will utilize and support network welfare systems like such as the Elder Dolbom Service for projects that provide similar services for the elderly.The Seoul Pet Plant Distribution Project began in 2017 will be operated as a city project and an outer city suburb promotion project. So far, 4,000 plants, including ivy, rubber trees and spearflowers, have been distributed to the elderly. Photos of the 2018 Seoul Pet Plant Distribution Project
On Friday, March 1, the city of Seoul will open a short-term care center for elders called Deun-Deun Care. Seoul will be the nations first local government to open such a facility.Deun-Deun Care provides temporary life support services for elders experiencing difficulties in their everyday lives after being discharged from the hospital or due to an accident. This care centers doctrine revolves around aiding seniors so that they can return to daily lives in health. Six rooms in a municipal nursing home will be designated as short-term care rooms, with three to eighteen elders assigned to one room. Each senior citizen can live at the facility for two to four weeks, depending on necessity. Elders residing in the care center will be offered daily life adaptation support services such as the healthy meals service, fall prevention services, and education and training on hygienic health care. They will also receive health services from visiting medical teams who will check the elders blood pressures, teach them how to care for chronic diseases, extend accompaniment services to hospitals and pharmacies for outpatient treatments, offer programs for emotional stability, and provide cultural leisure activities. Elders must be over the age of 65 and be recipients of the national basic income or outside the bracket for long-term medical treatment for the lower income group in order to stay at this care center. Those who meet these requirements may be admitted if they have a definite home to which they can return and if everyday life is possible after receiving care.Elders who check out of the short-term care center will be provided with information about services and local resources related to health and mental health in order to foster the creation of stable living environments. Furthermore, there are currently plans to link up with the health management projects at local community health centers in order to extend regular monitoring and post-management services.
Seoul passed the first obstacle to becoming one of the hosts of the 2032 Summer Olympics. It will be 44 years in 2032 since Koreas hosting of the 1988 Seoul Olympics. According to the voting results of the General Meeting of Korean Sport & Olympic Committee Representatives held at Korea National Training Center on Feb. 11 (Mon), Seoul was ultimately selected as the host city in Korea for the 35th Summer Olympics in 2032. Preceding the voting, Mayor of Seoul Park Won-soon gave a 15-minute presentation in which he expressed the appropriateness of why Seoul should be the host city of the 2032 Olympics and Seouls measures of attraction. He expressed the historicity and symbolism of Seoul as a representative city of the Korean peninsula for 625 years, stable preparations in the competition and financial capabilities to host the Games, a ready infrastructure and global urban competitiveness, and items of preparation for joint hosting by South Korea and North Korea. With the start of its selection as the domestic host city, Seoul will accelerate preparations to be selected as the final host city for the 35th Summer Olympics in 2032.  To increase its competitiveness against other candidate cities, Seoul plans to establish an efficient attraction strategy that corresponds with the Olympic Agenda 2020 presented by the IOC. The Olympic Agenda 2020 is IOCs vision of utilizing existing facilities rather than building new stadiums to aim for an economical Olympics. Seoul will also step forward to introduce its experience and charms as an international sports city. Seoul will actively support the 25th Association of National Olympic Committees (ANOC) General Assembly to underscore the citys capacity and know-how in hosting large international events on IOC members and the Executive Board of the National Olympic Committee (NOC). Seoul will officially promote the joint hosting of 2032 Olympics by South Korea and North Korea which was mutually agreed upon at last years Inter-Korean summit. Seoul anticipates that it will gain momentum in discussions in relation to preparation on various aspects for exchange with Pyongyang in the areas of society and culture, economic development, and urban infrastructure, following its announcement of Seoul-Pyongyang Comprehensive City Cooperation Plan in 2016. As the Olympics is a national event requiring national support and participation, Seoul will organize a preparatory committee based on voluntary participation of citizens and athletes to heighten the excitement of the Olympics in addition to supporting various activities such as debates and conferences and foster the expansion of sympathy. 
Seoul is set to commence the Era of 25,000 Electric and Hydrogen Cars by the end of this year. This year, 14,000 vehicles are expected to be distributed with the aim of popularizing eco-friendly cars. The amount distributed this year will be greater than 11,512 accumulated vehicles supplied over the past ten years. Seoul aims to distribute a total of 13,600 electric cars. To make the switch from old diesel vehicles, the main cause of air pollution, to electric cars, Seoul will distribute 9,055 electric cars and 445 trucks. In terms of public transportation, 30 electric taxis and about 3.3 times the number of large buses will be supplied additionally as compared to last year. Compared to the 55 hydrogen cars supplied last year, there will be a sharp increase with 307 cars supplied this year.
To accommodate the convenience of vehicle charging with the increase of eco-friendly cars, the city will distribute 2,000 public electric car chargers and expand to eleven hydrogen car charging stations. Seoul will provide subsidies for the promotion of eco-friendly cars by supporting KRW 12.06-13.5 million per electric car and KRW 2-2.3 million per electric motorcycles (subcompact cars) in accordance with vehicle performance and effects of improving atmospheric environment. The fixed amount of KRW 3.5 million (approximately 50% of the vehicle price) will be funded for hydrogen cars. In accordance with Seouls electric vehicle support policy of 2019, KRW 500,000 will be funded for the scrapping of an old diesel car with a switch to an electric car, and up to KRW 1 million will be funded for the scrapping of an old diesel car with a switch to an electric car for residents in Seouls Green Transport Promotion Zone. In addition to the subsidies, eco-friendly cars will receive tax reductions, 50% discounts at public parking lots, 100% exemption in congestion charge for Namsan Tunnel, and other benefits for economic efficiency. 
With accidents continuously caused by dozing off at the wheel, installment of the Lane Departure Warning System for trucks and large vehicles have become mandatory, and Seoul City will continue to complete the installation support this year which was begun last year to strengthen traffic safety. The Lane Departure Warning System is a device that detects drivers unintentional lane departure and dozing off while driving which gives the driver visual, auditory, and tactile warnings. The system will detect lane departure through the front vehicle camera, turn signal switch, steering angle sensor, vehicle speed sensor, etc. This year, Seoul will offer a total funding of 2.27 billion KRW for the installment of the Lane Departure Warning System, with a fifty-fifty division of public and municipal expenses, for approximately 5,700 trucks and special vehicles registered in Seoul. The city will offer 80% funding of device expenses (including installment fees) and will provide support of up to 400,000 KRW per vehicle. Dump trucks* and towed vehicles among trucks and special vehicles exceeding 20 tons will be excluded from the funding. The subsidy funding project for the mandatory installment of the Lane Departure Warning System will only be provided by the end of this year. Because the funding budget can be exhausted early, Seoul City encourages completion of installments during the first half of the year. Starting in 2020, vehicles that have not installed the Lane Departure Warning System will be charged fines in accordance with relevant laws.
Top creators from Asian countries selected through rigorous competition will gather at Seouls DDP in February 2019. Together with WeWork, a platform that offers space, communities, and services to creators around the globe, Seoul will hold the Seoul Creator Awards on Feb. 28, 2019 (Thu). The Seoul Metropolitan Government is the first external organization to co-sponsor the Creator Awards with WeWork. Seoul Creator Awards is the first WeWork Creator Awards (regional semifinal) to be held in 2019. It is a global event enabling the discovery and support of domestic creators including entrepreneurs, artists, and non-profit organizations that are passionate about work not just as a means of survival but as work that can realize the true value of life.
Following the first Creator Awards in Mar. 2017, regional Creator Awards were held in 15 areas including Washington D.C., Detroit, London, and Berlin, and two global finals were held in New York in Jan. 2018 and in Los Angeles in Jan. 2019. Over 1,000 applications have been received in three award categories of Entrepreneurship and Venture Business, Non-profit Organizations, and Performing Arts. The event was recorded as having had the highest competition rate of all Creator Awards held in Asia.The entire semifinal held at DDP will be broadcast live through Live Seoul, and an awards ceremony and congratulatory performance will be presented following the selection of winners with a prize award for the chance to advance to the global finals. On the day of the Seoul Creator Awards, pop-up markets offering handmade products will be open to the public along with an employment expo with over 30 distinguished enterprises in participation. Anyone interested can apply in advance on the website below for free on a first-come, first-served basis.
https://creatorseoul2019.splashthat.com/
Seoul is set to plant 84,000 trees in six areas including Ichon Hangang Park in 2019 to implement the Hangang Forest Project for creation of heavy forests. The Hangang Forest Project will divide Hangang Parks forest into three models by function Buffering Forest, Utilization Forest, and Ecological Forest to create forests suited to the characteristics of each location.  Hangang Forest: Classification of the three models of Ecological Forest, Utilization Forest, Buffering ForestSeoul has continuously worked on the creation of Hangang Forest for four years from 2015 to 2018, planting 175,773 trees in the Buffering Forest, 194,707 trees in the Utilization Forest, and 258,015 trees in the Ecological Forest for a total of 628,455 trees planted, with the same added effect of an oasis and natural air purifier within the city.As a countermeasure against fine dust, Hangang Forest as it will be landscaped will plant trees in the buffering zone, or the Buffering Forest, with superior dust-adsorption ability to prevent roadside dust. Trees for shades will be planted to create shaded rest areas in the Utilization Forest to improve the convenience of the people. Ichon Hangang Park will expand its bamboo forest  from Dongjakdaegyo Bridge to Hangangdaegyo Bridge to plant 12,500 trees for creation of a green forest to be enjoyed year-round.Gwangnaru Hangang Park will plant 31,200 trees at Gwangjingyo Bridge to create flower-covered bicycle lanes filled with floral scents in the air which will be the Gwangnaru bicycle road flower path forest. The 5km from Ichon to Mangwon Hangang Park will be planted with 1,000 trees to design themed walks and trails that allow visitors to appreciate the tranquil riverside.In the vicinity of Sebitseom Island at Banpo Hangang Park, 10,800 trees will be planted to offer the people convenience in addition to Sebit Forests tree-shaded rest areas.Around Seonyugyo Bridge at Yanghwa Hangang Park, 10,300 trees will be planted to create a green buffer zone to shield and reduce the noise and dust of Olympic-daero. Around the baseball stadium by Nanji Hangang Park, 8,200 trees will be planted to provide shade for the convenience of the peopleThe Hangang Forest Project is scheduled to be completed by the end of June 2019 and opened to the public. 
In February when beginnings and completions intersect, youth flower trucks will visit university graduation and commencementceremonies. The City Youth Moving Flower Market that Seoul promotes for the creation of new jobs and revitalization of the floricultural industry will commence operations at university streets starting February in tune with the graduation and commencement season. Operations will take place from February 8th (Friday) until February 26th (Thursday) in connection with a total of 25 universities.A flower truck will be composed of one team with two members, and each team will operate one truck for a total of ten trucks. A service is being offered where orders are received in advance from consumers, then visits are made. The flower truck offers bouquets, fine dust-reducing air purifying plants, and flower baskets in addition to unique flower bouquets appropriate for the graduation and commencement season. There are also foliage plants that can reduce indoor fine dust and sick building syndrome, fragrant bulbs that are suitable for the season, and herbs.The flower trucks will be able to be found regularly at the Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market, starting in April, and at Hangang Parks. 
Starting 4 a.m. on February 16, the base fare for Seoul taxis will rise 18.6% to KRW 3,800 during the daytime.The base fare for mid-sized taxies will rise to KRW 3,800 during the daytime (KRW 800 increase) and to KRW 4,600 during late-night hours (KRW 1,000 increase). The late-night premium application hours will remain the same as before, from midnight to 4 a.m. The base fare for large and deluxe taxis will rise to KRW 6,500 (KRW 1,500 increase).In cases where the fare comes out to a number that includes units of KRW 10 due to the late-night premium (20% of daytime distance/time fare), the number will be rounded off so as to be expressed only in units of KRW 100. For instance, if the fare meter indicates a fare of KRW 4,040 this will be rounded down to KRW 4,000, and if it indicates a fare of KRW 4,050, this will be rounded up to KRW 4,100. The rounded-off amount will automatically be displayed when the taxi driver presses the payment button on the meter.Seoul will perform operations to reflect the adjusted amounts in the fare meters of 70,000 Seoul taxis over the course of fifteen days starting on the 16th. To prevent citizen confusion during this period, a fare chart will be affixed in all taxis to allow passengers to check the fares before and after the increase. Fares Before/After Increase
Last year, Seoul City installed emergency sanitary pad dispensers in 11 public facilities including youth centers, libraries, and welfare centers that are frequented by youths and women upon receiving a high satisfaction rate from users and operating agencies, with no problems of misuse despite earlier concerns. Seoul will largely extend the number of facilities with emergency sanitary pad dispensers to 200 locations and work to implement various campaigns for spreading the culture of installing emergency sanitary pad dispensers to the public. According to the result of Seoul Citys pilot project that began in October of last year, user satisfaction of the pilot project reached a total of 4.42 points (out of a total of 5 points). Of the 11 participating facilities of the pilot project, ten found it to be satisfactory while one answered that the result was average and none found it to be unsatisfactory, and all showed the will to participate in the project in 2019. In the 11 facilities, a total of 2,901 sanitary pads (average of 3.68 per day) were used during the three-month trial run, and no problems of misuse occurred, which was an earlier concern for the project. Seoul conducted online discussion and surveys before the 2018 pilot project to collect citizens opinions. 92% of citizens voted in favor of the installment of emergency sanitary pad dispensers in public facilities, and 84.9% of women responded that they once experienced difficulty due to not having access to sanitary pads when they needed them. Seoul drew up a budget of KRW 500 million this year to increase the number of participating facilities to 200, including youth centers, vocational experience centers, women development centers, welfare centers, and libraries used primarily by youths and women. Seoul will indicate the facilities that provide sanitary pad dispensers on Seoul map for easy use by citizens (http://map.seoul.go.kr) following the confirmed designation of project organizations. Seoul will also enforce various campaigns for the spread of emergency sanitary pad dispensers throughout all regions. Current status of pilot project locations (11 facilities)
"	With an estimated 80,000 (cumulative number) out-of-school teens in Seoul who dropped out of school, Seoul City is set to promote a Seoul-Type Alternative School model that guarantees the rights to learning equality at public education level. Starting with 15 schools in 2020, Seoul plans to designate and operate 45 schools by 2022. 	The city will increase support for unaccredited alternative schools that used to offer education in only half the level of institutional education. Seoul-Type Alternative Schools will be selected from among the existing 82 unaccredited alternative schools in Seoul, and municipal support will be increased from 40% to 70% of the total existing operation expenses. 	Customized support for learning service quality and reinforced teacher capacity will also accompany the increased support. Regular studies and the Visiting Humanities and Arts School Education will be enforced in cooperation with Seoul Foundation for Arts and Culture to provide support for cultivation of cultural sensibility and creative intelligence of teens at alternative schools. To foster the capacities of alternative school teachers, the Seoul-Type Alternative School Operation Support Team will be initiated for the development and supplementation of educational programs as well as teacher training and education. 	Support that reflects the political demands of out-of-school teens regarding internships, qualification examinations, and license acquisitions will be extended and fortified while scholarships will be newly organized for tuition support of low-income teens. 	Starting with the first semester of this year, alternative school students will receive the same free eco-friendly meals as students of elementary, middle, and high schools. In addition, alternative schools will work together with nearby youth centers to support students use of various creative and experiential programs and work to promote reduced fees for students use of facilities such as swimming pools, gyms, and career experience facilities. 	For students who have previously been excluded from benefits because they did not possess Student Cards, issuance of Teen Cards will be expanded to provide teens outside of public education with the same status as other students, in an effort to resolve the problem of discrimination in the use of cultural and leisure facilities or in receiving student transportation expense discounts."
During the New Years holiday (Feb. 2-6, 2019), Seoul will install emergency treatment centers, designate and operate emergency and on-call medical treatment centers as well as holiday pharmacies for use of nearby hospitals, clinics, and pharmacies by citizens. The emergency rooms of 67 emergency medical treatment centers and general hospitals will be open 24 hours as usual, and on-call medical treatment centers should be visited after confirming their open hours. A total of 67 emergency medical treatment centers will be open, which include 31 local emergency centers including Seoul Medical Center, 17 local emergency medical treatment centers including Seoul Dongbu Hospital, and 19 hospital emergency rooms including Seoul Seonam Hospital. A total of 2,993 hospitals and clinics other than emergency medical treatment centers will provide medical treatment services for primary treatment of patients during the holiday period. The selected 3,312 pharmacies near on-call medical treatment centers will be open during the holiday for citizen convenience. Information on hospitals and clinics open in each neighborhood during the holiday period can easily be found via phone call, the Internet, and the smartphone app. Locations can also be found through the 119 Emergency Situation Control Center, Seoul and autonomous districts, and the National Emergency Medical Center websites.Digestives, antipyretics, cold medicine and four types of medication (13 items) can be easily purchased at 7,122 convenience stores and stores that sell safe household medicine. Citizens can call 119 (Emergency Situation Control Center), 120 (Dasan Call Center) or the smartphone app Emergency Medical Treatment Information (e-gen) for more information. Call 120 or 119 for information on emergency and on-call medical treatment centers, pharmacies and first aid guide during the New Years holiday periodSeoul and the autonomous districts will operate emergency treatment centers during the New Years holiday period to alleviate citizen inconvenience and offer information on open hospitals, clinics, and pharmacies. 
Due to the high satisfaction rate of the Pet Playground in World Cup Park that was in pilot operation for the winter season, pet playgrounds will open in Childrens Grand Park and Boramae Park starting February 2, 2019, and all playgrounds will be open through the New Years holiday from February 2-6. The city will open and operate the two pet playgrounds at Childrens Grand Park and Boramae Park during the winter season without closing. Seoul will reopen two pet playgrounds starting February 2 at Childrens Grand Park in Gwangjin-gu (next to the Guuimun Entrance parking lot) and Boramae Park in Dongjak-gu (next to the parks southernmost Hyanggiwon), and the pet playground at Sangam-dong World Cup Park (next to the Pyeonghwa Park parking lot) will begin regular operations following its wintertime pilot operation. The three pet playgrounds will open on the morning of February 2 and will remain open during the holiday period (Feb. 2-6). The playgrounds will be open 24 hours and free of charge. However, they will be closed for the safety of citizens and their pets upon official announcements of special weather reports (cold wave, fine dust, scorching heat, etc.). For safe use of the pet playgrounds, pet owners under the age of 13 (children) can visit with an adult chaperone. Admission of pets suspected to be infected with diseases, fierce dogs, and pets in heat will be restricted. Pet owners will be required to bring waste bags and leashes to remove pet waste and prepare for unexpected behavior of their pets.  Childrens Grand Park (Hill next to Guuimun Entrance parking lot) World Cup Park (Next to large parking lot of Sangam-dong Pyeonghwa Park) Boramae Park (Next to the Boramae Park southernmost Hyanggiwon in Sindaebang-dong)
Starting at 9 a.m. on February 1 (Friday), Seoul will begin distributing 7,090 divisions of land as part of Together Seoul Eco-friendly Farms in fourteen areas near Seoul, including Namyangju, Yangpyeong, Gwangju, and Goyang-si, on a first come, first served basis via the Seoul City website (www.seoul.go.kr). Distributed farms can be used freely between April and November. Together Seoul Eco-friendly Farms consists of 7,090 divisions of land at 16.5 (standard 5 pyeong) in the Hangang River Water Supply Protection Area of the Namyangju, Yangpyeong, and Gwangju regions, and in Goyang-si located west of Seoul. The project has been in operation since 2000 to provide citizens the opportunity for healthy use of leisure time. Seoul will offer 30,000 KRW of support per 16.5 (5 pyeong) for farm rentals in addition to free provision and support of seeds, lettuce seedlings, organic fertilizer, pesticide, and farming education material. Citizens who participate in weekend farming will pay a rent of 30,000 KRW (70,000 KRW in Goyang-si) per farm division to the water supply protection area, and payments can be made via credit card or virtual account. Further inquiries can be made through the Seoul City website (www.seoul.go.kr), Dasan Call Center (120), or the Seoul Metropolitan Government Urban Farming Division (2133-5398, 5388).
Seoul will recruit sixty foreign students currently enrolled in universities or graduate schools in Seoul for the 7th Seoul Foreign Student Volunteers and Global Mentors program.  The first Seoul Foreign Student Volunteers group was formed in July 2014 with thirty participants from eighteen countries. Over the last six years, a total of 254 participants from sixty-two countries, including the U.S., Germany, Uzbekistan, Israel, and Peru, have played an active role in the program.  The participants took part in online foreign language classes and mentoring activities for children in island areas in order to help reduce educational opportunity gaps. Participants also painted murals in small towns, cleaned wash rooms, offered interpretation services, and performed volunteer work in various regions. Volunteers who are selected this year will provide children in island areas (Gyodongdo Island, Baengnyeongdo Island, Imjado Island, and Pyeongchang-gun) with six-month video courses on cultural understanding and foreign language studies through the KT online mentoring platform, Dream School.
Participants will also take part in various volunteer activities for their marginalized neighbors in Seoul during the activity period to serve as models of collaborative volunteer work by locals and foreigners. More information on the foreign student volunteer group and rules for application can be found on the Seoul Metropolitan Government website (www.seoul.go.kr) and Seoul Global Center website (http://global.seoul.go.kr). 
Seoul plans to establish Guidelines on Human Rights for Children and Teens for distribution this year to actively inform young people. Due to the lack of information on appropriate measures protecting against the violations of young peoples human rights, professionals who have worked with children and adolescents have struggled to identify and respond to laws and precedent.  According to a comparison between national research data from 2015 on the state of children and adolescents human rights in Korea as a whole and in Seoul, the percentage of youths who experienced discrimination based on gender, school performance, or age in Seoul was 1.9% higher than young people from other parts of the country.
Seoul does not guarantee human rights concerning child and youth labor, nor does Seoul have enough places or facilities that young people can freely use or play in. Hence, Seoul is in the process of promoting education that will heighten sensitivity to human rights failures on the basis of the 2018 Ordinance on Human Rights for Children and Teens and the 2017 Survey on Human Rights for Children and Teens and establish the Guidelines on Human Rights for Children and Teens that will provide substantial human rights information for actual application to childrens and teens lives. The Guidelines on Human Rights for Children and Teens includes thirty-six concrete cases from the eight areas of health, violence, freedom of expression, freedom of privacy, labor, education, safety, and self-determination and presents a judgment standard of human rights protection based on precedent, presenting measures and countermeasures. The guideline addresses potential violations of human rights through cases or facilities that young people tend to be curious about and explains the countermeasures in detail. Seoul will distribute the Guidelines on Human Rights for Children and Teens in 100 youth facilities and institutes throughout the city, on the city website (http://ebook.seoul.go.kr), and on facility websites for all citizens to utilize. 
Seoul will be implementing Special Traffic Measures for the New Years Holiday to greet the national New Years holiday. Times for last train and bus will be pushed back for citizens returning home or coming back to Seoul late at night. Traffic will be dispersed throughout the citys expressways according to the traffic prediction service, and the operation of bus-only lanes will be extended for more quick and comfortable trips in and out of Seoul. <Extended last train and bus times on the day of and the day after the holiday, and Owl buses will run for a full 24 hours>
On New Years Day (the 5th) and the following day (the 6th) when heavy traffic is expected due to people returning to Seoul, last train and bus times will be extended to 2 A.M. of the next day. Nine Owl bus lines and 2,995 nighttime taxis will operate normally through the holiday period to ameliorate the discomfort of moving around the city after arriving in Seoul late at night.
Subway lines 1-9 and the Ui-Sinseol LRT will run until 2 A.M., based on their arrival time at their last stations. City bus times will also be extended until 2 A.M.. This is applicable to 130 routes that pass through five train stations (Seoul Station, Yongsan Station, Yeongdeungpo Station, Cheongnyangni Station, Suseo Station) and four bus terminals (Seoul Express Bus [Gangnam] Terminal, Dongseoul Bus Terminal, Nambu Bus Terminal, Sangbong Terminal). <Traffic will be easier and faster thanks to the traffic prediction service and extended operation of bus-only lanes>
Traffic predictions provided by big data analytics will help citizens check and make travel plans. The Seoul Transport Operation & Information Service website (http://topis.seoul.go.kr) and the Seoul TOPIS app will provide daily and hourly predictions about congested areas and route times in addition to public transportation route operation times and special traffic measures for the holiday. 
Seoul will enforce the Top 5 New Years Comprehensive Plan centering on safety, transportation, sharing, convenience and consumer prices for 10 days from Jan. 29 (Tue) to Feb. 7 (Thu) for citizens safety and comfort during the Lunar New Year Holidays. During this period, from Feb. 1 (Fri) to Feb. 7 (Mon), a task force in the five areas of fire safety, snow removal, transportation, consumer prices, and medical treatment will be organized, operating the 24-hour Comprehensive Situation Room on the first floor of Seoul City Hall that oversees and regulates the five areas in order to be prepared against any urgent situations which may arise during the holiday. The comprehensive plan consists of the five areas of safety transportation sharing convenience consumer prices.General information about traffic, traditional markets, cultural events, hospitals, and pharmacies in Seoul during the Lunar New Year holiday can be found on the Seoul City website and Mobile Seoul app, 120 Dasan Call Center (02-120), and 120 Dasan Call Center on Twitter (http://twitter.com/120seoulcall). 
New construction, extension, and remodeling of buildings in Seoul will require the installment of mechanical ventilation equipment that will filter out more than 95% of fine dust. These buildings will also be required to install the eco-friendly condensing boilers that reduce 77% of nitrogen oxide, which is the main cause of fine dust, as compared to regular boilers. This is the attempt to filter out fine dust that flow into buildings and reduce the formation of fine dust within buildings to provide citizens who spend many hours in buildings with a safe indoor environment that protects against fine dust. Seoul examined the [Green Building Standards] and established plans to increase Green Buildings by applying them to cases requesting construction approval from City Hall and the district office from February 24, in an effort to reduce fine dust. Upon approval for construction by Seoul City and autonomous districts, the mandated installments will be implemented by checking to see whether Green Building Standards were reflected in construction designs. Furthermore, the new building standard mandates that residential buildings with more than thirty households and non-residential buildings of more than 3,000m2 in total area must install solar-powered equipment that amounts to 5% capacity of the ground area. 
Gocheok Skydome is to be refurnished in light of the new year in 2019. On January 24, Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corporation installed an additional nursing room in Gocheok Skydome in Guro-gu and refurnished the performers waiting room as part of its 2019 facility improvements. The new nursing room was created on the second floor of Gocheok Skydome, with 14m2 in area. Various amenities ranging from heating and cooling systems, diaper-changing stations, breast-feeding sofas, to comfortable nursing and diaper-changing spaces for guardians are provided in the nursing room.The performers waiting room located near Gocheok Skydome seating area was also remodeled. The new waiting room of approximately 128 in area was created as a space that allows for more stable preparations for performances. To achieve this goal, the single event waiting room was expanded into four rooms. This year, the city plans to newly build a photo zone at Gocheok Skydome Plaza and expand spectator waiting areas within underground sales facilities.  Nursing Room Performer Waiting Room Wall at first floor entrance Wall at first floor entrance
Beginning with the first publication in 2016, the fourth and final volume of Seoul, Themed Walking Trails that introduced the beautiful and varied walking trails in different corners of the city during the course of four years has been published, to complete the series of the adored books. The four published Seoul, Themed Walking Trails (I-IV) books are divided into Walking Trails through Forests (75 trails), Walking Trails with Beautiful Views (23 trails), Walking Trails with History and Culture (24 trails), Walking Trails through Valleys (5 trails), and Walking Trails through Hangang River and Rivers (23 trails) for a total of 150 trails. The Seoul, Themed Walking Trails (complete volume) is packed with course introductions, public transportation and directions, maps and photos, nearby attractions, and stories that can only be experienced on the trails. The entire volume is published in a handbook size for portability. Seoul, Themed Walking Trails (IV) will include a themed map of KakaoMap in the first half of 2019 to introduce all content in a mobile form. The books will be available for 3,000 KRW at the Seoul Bookstore in B1F of Seoul City Hall starting January 26. The books can also be downloaded for free at the Seoul Metropolitan Government e-book-exclusive website (http://ebook.seoul.go.kr). 
Seoul signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Audi Volkswagen Korea and Korea Social Investment, for the Green Dreaming School Route Project that will promote pleasant and safe environments around schools. Through this agreement, every year over the next three years, from this year until 2021, a minimum of one area will be selected from school routes for elementary, middle, and high schools in Seoul most likely to produce the best results, to create a green space for environmental improvement and expand green culture in mutual cooperation. The Green Dreaming School Route Project is a project that improves the pedestrian environment by creating a green belt for students, who may be otherwise exposed to traffic accidents and various sicknesses from air pollution and fine dust, to grow safely and healthily. The project will be implemented by 2021, with a total cost of approximately one billion KRW over the three years. Project locations for consideration are sites in which roadside trees and green belts can be developed, sites in which green fences and retaining walls can be installed, and sites in which the walking area and green space can be secured by reducing the number or width of traffic lanes. As result of promoting various urban green space projects linked with corporate social responsibility, Seoul produced substantial results attracting private capital of approximately 12 billion KRW from 153 businesses over the past six years. Seoul plans to reduce air pollution in school routes and improve the environment through the signing of a Green Dreaming School Route Project agreement with Audi Volkswagen Korea and Korea Social Investment as part of the corporate social responsibility (CSR) of businesses concerning the Seoul, a Blooming Flower campaign.  Agreement ceremony conclusion photos to be delivered after event 
Gwanghwamun Square will be returned to citizens in 2021, transformed into a national symbolic plaza and open democratic space with treasured historicity. The road in front of Sejong Center for the Performing Arts will be made into a public square to expand the area to 3.7 times the current size, and the three separate underground spaces, including Haechi Plaza, will be integrated to form a new square. By successfully combining the areas of Gwanghwamun Square, the historic landscape that leads from Bugaksan Mountain to the Hangang River will be restored. The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the final winner of the International Design Competition, the future blueprint of the new Gwanghwamun Square, on the 21st. The winning work is Deep Surface (Awaken the past and future), which won against a competitive ratio of 70:1.
The competition proved as popular as the symbolic growth of Gwanghwamun Square, through the participation of 202 architects and landscaping experts of 70 teams from 17 countries.  The winning design plans to actualize three goals that reflect the citys general direction. These three goals are: completion of a national symbolic axis (Bugaksan Mountain  Gwanghwamun Square  Sungnyemun Gate  Yongsan  Hangang River) through restoration of Jujak-daero (Yukjo-geori), creation of a citizen-oriented space of multi-leveled memories through the dimensional connection of the above-ground and underground squares, and reconstruction of the Korean landscape that joins nature and the city (Bugaksan Mountain  Gyeongbokgung Palace  Gwanghwamun Plaza). The concept of the above-ground space is Empty, while that of the underground space is Full. The above-ground square will pull together the rather unorganized structures and arrangements nearby, to allow for a clear view of Gyeongbokgung Palace and Bugaksan Mountain, and will be an open space for various large-scale events. The underground square will be a space of relaxation, culture, education, and experience, filled with year-round cultural events such as concerts and exhibitions. Seoul has designated this project as the New Gwanghwamun Project, and the future Gwanghwamun Square presented by the winning work will be actualized without setbacks, while extensively innovating the Gwanghwamun city space to encompass history, culture, transportation, and landscape environment. Seoul will host an award ceremony on the 25th (Friday) in the eighth floor Multi-Purpose Hall of Seoul City Hall. The winning design and other works will be revealed and exhibited to the public in the City Hall lobby and Gwanghwamun Haechi Plaza. < 1974 Gwanghwamun Square (Source: National Archives of Korea) >< Present state of Gwanghwamun Square >< Formation plan (proposed) for Gwanghwamun Square >
In celebration of the March First Independence Movements Centennial this year, Seoul will hold a music contest under an open genre and theme to promote increased national pride. The song selected will be performed at the Provisional Government Foundings Centennial Concert and at commemorative events during the week of August 15th, the National Liberation Day of Korea, in addition to being opened to the public through music-streaming websites. The March First Independence Movement song written in 1946 by request of the Ministry of Education is traditionally sung at commemorative events, however, Seoul plans to increase the history and value of the March First Independence Movement by producing a modern and popular commemoration song with a variety of different versions, including rock, rap, ballad, song, and childrens song in celebration of this landmark anniversary. Seoul will select eight teams (songs) in the contest and provide funding for the recordings, while of the eight, four outstanding teams will be selected and receive a stipend of production costs for the songs. The selected song will be publicized through Seouls secondary creative work (1-person media) f or the public to have access to and enjoy. Contest participants must be individuals or groups capable of producing pure, creative work, while also being available to perform at the event sponsored by Seoul city. Individuals and groups interested in participating can download the application at the Seoul website (http://www.seoul.go.kr), or the Seoul Music Centre website (http://seoulmusiccenter.kr), and apply at the Seoul Music Centre via email at support@liak.or.kr, with a demo, from January 21 (Monday) to February 20 (Wednesday). 
Jangchung Arena, which reopened four years ago following its remodeling project after fifty years, transformed into a cultural and sports complex to develop into a beloved destination among Seoul residents. Celebrating the 4th anniversary of its reopening, Jangchung Arena, located in Jung-gu, exceeded its one-million mark of visiting spectators. Following its reopening in January 2015, Jangchung Arena recorded a number of accumulated visitors reaching as much as 1,011,000 within four years. As if reflecting the popularity of Jangchung Arena, the number of games and events have also increased year on year. In 2018, it was rented out for a total of 282 days, following the previously recorded 195 days in 2015, 233 days in 2016, and 241 days in 2017. Jangchung Arena is the home stadium to the professional mens volleyball club, Seoul Woori Card Wibee, and womens volleyball club, GS Caltex Seoul Kixx, which are connected to the city of Seoul. In addition to the 116 volleyball games played at the arena, a total of 155 sports events, including basketball, international Taekwondo competitions, judo, cheerleading, and mixed martial arts competitions, were held at the arena.Besides sports events, Justin Hurwitz, the music director of the film, La La Land, held his Korean performance at the arena in December 2018, in addition to another 84 various cultural events. Over the course of four years, 369 events, including 130 general events, were held at Jangchung Arena during a span of 963 days. In August 2018, the two-day solo concert by Big Bang member, Seungri, attracted over 8,000 spectators. 
Seoul will launch the second Foreign Residents Council as a window of communication and governance with foreign residents. In preparation for the increasing cultural diversity of the city population, including over 420,000 foreign residents, Seoul city organized and operated the Foreign Residents Council, a council comprised solely of foreign residents, from December 2015. The first Foreign Residents Council, operated for three years from 2016 to 2018, developed policies that would substantially aid foreigners while also encouraging the settlement of grievances. Members also became a permanent advisory body with substantial participation in the process of establishing foreigner-related policies in the city that goes on to be reflected in as many as 80 city policies. Primary Cases of Reflected Policy : Native language education for children of married immigrants, mention of family members on the Certificate of Alien Registration, improvement of maps and signboards in Seoul (location of embassies via use of appropriate language, etc.), and more.In order to sustain the outcome of the first Foreign Residents Council, Seoul organized a task force from August 2018 for the selection of the second Foreign Residents Council, and following a public recruitment and fair selection process, the second Foreigner Residents Council was created. The second Foreign Residents Council is composed of 45 representatives of 26 countries in accordance with the number of foreigners staying in Seoul and will have an active term of two years. Members include 11 representatives from Central Asia, seven from China, five from South Asia, five from Europe, four from Vietnam, and more.The Foreign Residents Council will form a subcommittee that will collect opinions, deliberate matters, and directly make proposals related to foreign residents in the city to Mayor Park Won-soon at the General Meetings. 
The collaborative exhibition <Peace, A New Inspiration> between Cheong Wa Dae and young artists will open at Cheong Wa Dae Sarangchae. At the <Peace, A New Inspiration> exhibition that will feature 46 paintings, two murals and one media artwork by artists (five individuals and one team) who have presented worlds of original artwork in the areas of tape art, graffiti, media art, plant miniatures, pen drawing, and Korean painting, visitors can see the works that unfold the changes brought by peace in the Korean Peninsula created through the artists youthful touch. Address: 45, Hyoja-ro 13-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul
Transportation: Exit 4, Gyeongbokgung Station (Line 3)
Period: 12.21.2018  01.31.2019
Hours: 9 a.m.  6 p.m. (last admission 5:30 p.m.) *Closed Mondays
Admission: Free
Exhibit commentary: Korean, English, Chinese, Japanese
Inquiries: 82-2-743-0300
Website: https://www1.president.go.kr/articles/5168
"	Seoul will preserve the site of the Hanyangdoseong City Wall that was revealed through a two-year excavation in its original form to construct the Hanyangdoseong On-site Museum of 43,630 . Construction began in January, and the museum is scheduled to be completed by the end of the year to open to citizens and local and overseas visitors in February 2020. 	The Hanyangdoseong On-site Museum will offer a vivid experience of the fortification technology, excavation and preservation processes of Hanyangdoseong together with historical traces of 600 years at the foot of Hoehyeon of Namsan Mountain from the Joseon period to the Japanese occupation and the modern times. The city will preserve the excavated city walls and old site in its entirety and original form to build an on-site museum with minimal facilities comprising the permanent protective facility and observation deck. 	An optimal viewing course for easy access will be formed, and the permanent protective facility will be installed with pillars and semi-transparent, lightweight roofs with no exterior walls. This is intended to wholly protect the site while minimizing damage of the Namsan Mountain landscape. A landscaping project suitable to the vegetation of Namsan Mountain will also be realized."
"	Seoul consulted with experts of various fields from the designing stage and regarding the cultural property to preserve and maintain the discovered site in its original form. The city also held discussions about facility size, form, materials and more that will satisfy both site preservation and an optimal viewing environment. 	At the small exhibition center will be an exhibit of remains and models that show the past and present of Hanyangdoseong and foot of Hoehyeon of Namsan Mountain, old documentary photos of Namsan Botanical Garden, and various excavated relics. "
"	Seoul City has announced the Seoul Citys Four-Year Municipal Plan (2019-2022). This will include the master plan that will accomplish Seouls 10-year revolution that changes my life based on innovation and changes of the past seven years. 	The vision of Seoul Citys Four-Year Municipal Plan (2019-2022), drawn from discussion and deliberation with experts and public officials, is Seoul where my life is happy, Seoul where citizens are the host. The three main government keynotes are On the scene, Innovation, and Balance. This will continue the flow of the 6th popular elections government constitution of innovation, governance, communication to continue the citys daring challenges while solving the problems of citizens lives at the scene and gradually settling the differences in social gaps. 	As revealed in the 2019 New Years Address, economic revitalization will be Seoul Citys project of top priority. The project will focus on revitalizing economic democracy and innovative entrepreneurship under a difficult economic outlook to solve the problems of citizen living and create a future engine for growth. 	To systemize the government-operated four-year plan, Seoul has established five goals and a total of 176 projects. From these projects, Seoul went on to announce 25 key projects that the city will place the highest emphasis on. 	The five goals are:  Future Seoul where citizens grow together,  pleasant and convenient Safe Seoul,  Welfare Seoul to be responsible for public welfare,  Balanced Seoul with even growth in all areas, and  Democratic Seoul where citizens become the host. 	First, various policies will be developed to revitalize public economy and create a new engine for growth. The project that fosters the six fused, new industrial base into the mecca of the Fourth Industrial Revolution will be officially materialized. In Dongnam area and Magok, a global MICE cluster of 280,000 m2 will be constructed by 2025.  	Second, Seoul will continue to closely monitor citizen safety in everyday life. A special pedestrian zone will be created within the Green Transport Promotion Zone (16.7km2), and roads will be rearranged to expand pedestrian-friendly spaces to create an urban environment conducive to walking. 	Third, care, education, and areas of public concern will be greatly reinforced through the establishment of Seoul Social Service Center, the newly built Dolbom SOS Center, and the fortified functions of visiting service from community centers.	In terms of residence, an innovative, public housing model will be introduced to provide 80,000 additional houses in Seoul City. The citizen-initiated 10-minute neighborhood town regeneration project will be promoted as the gauging plan for low-rise residential buildings and old houses over 20 years old. 	In addition, Seoul city has selected five strategies for its job policy amid increasingly difficult employment situations: private-driven strategy (fostering of future smart businesses), public-driven strategy (expansion of public services such as Dolbom, social welfare, social services), building the social safety net for vulnerable social groups (life support jobs, etc.), locally specialized jobs (campus town, local community-type), and job quality improvement (resolution of discrimination, discrimination and complaints in the labor market, protection of workers rights). The city plans to offer and support an average of 41,000 jobs annually during the course of the next four years. "
"	Seoul will lower the threshold of public support for vulnerable classes, the elderly, and the disabled and construct a solid welfare foundation with the relaxation of 2019 Seoul-Type Basic Livelihood Security for those obligated to support their families, provide expanded support for Dolbom SOS Center facilities and Seoul emergency welfare, etc. 	In addition, the budget for Seoul emergency welfare has been increased dramatically from 5 billion KRW to 10 billion KRW last year, and target recipients will be expanded through relaxation of asset standards and adjustment of support standard while additional support for living expenses and adjustment of support funds for funeral and childbirth expenses are to be made to help citizens in urgent situations. 	Furthermore, Seoul City aims to create 78,000 jobs for the elderly as well as socially contributive boram jobs for the middle-aged, while providing free meals to 28,000 low-income elderly workers at the same time. 	The scale of welfare for the disabled is also expected to be broadened. The Lifelong Learning Center for the Developmentally Disabled that helps with occupational ability development and social adjustment of developmentally disabled adults will double in number from ten existing centers to a total of twenty centers this year. The voucher taxis originally in operation for the visually impaired and kidney disease patients are also to be expanded for use by all disabled persons. "
"	Seoul Metropolitan Library will open its first themed book exhibition entitled <BEST> in the new year of 2019 at its six collections rooms from January 15 (Tue) until January 31 (Thu). In light of the Year of the Golden Pig, books that have been loved continuously since the opening of Seoul Metropolitan Library in October 2012, and books and films that were most checked out in 2018 will be displayed in the exhibition. 	From its opening in 2012, the permanent <Themed Book Exhibition> at the Seoul Metropolitan Library has exhibited books chosen by the librarians monthly on different themes at the librarys six collections rooms to induce citizen interest in books and revitalize the use of the library. 	The theme of <January Themed Book Exhibition> is BEST, and 225 books and 12 films most checked out by Seoul citizens will be displayed at the six collections rooms. There will be books on a variety of subjects including large-font books, Korean and foreign language childrens books, Seoul City publications, and more. 	The Seoul Metropolitan Library <Themed Book Exhibition> is free of charge to all visitors during library operation hours (closed every Monday and on national holidays), and inquiries can be made to the Seoul Metropolitan Library Global Collections (82-2-2133-0308). "
"	Seoul Arena, the first national concert hall for top K-pop artist performances, featuring various stages with a powerful sound system, will open its doors in 2024. 	As the nations largest indoor performance venue accommodating 18,400 spectators, it surpasses that of the Olympic Gymnastics Arena and other current performance facilities. The new arena will be home to over 90 annual large-scale performances and events, including K-pop concerts, performances in Korea by foreign artists, music awards, and festivals. 	Seoul Arena will be developed as a cultural complex facility for the advancement of the performance culture industry, while Seoul plans to secure global, cultural competitiveness through the arenas construction to compensate for the inability of the current infrastructure in order to better acclimate to the worldwide K-pop craze. 	The arena will operate as the Hallyu Hub of Korea featuring optimal accessibility with current existing subway lines 1, 4 and 7, the opening of the GTX line, the extension of the KTX line to the northeast, as well as the creation of an underground Dongbu Expressway."
"	Seoul conducted the 2018 Sharing City Policy Awareness Survey over the course of six days from December 6-11, 2018, targeting 1,000 Seoul residents over 19 years of age in order to identify the general awareness of residents regarding shared policies to create a plan for the promotion of policy. 	The survey aimed to research policy contribution, current level of policy promotion, and any inconveniences, in addition to the level of awareness, experience, and satisfaction of Seouls shared policies to help serve as the groundwork for improvement. The public sharing service category was included in the survey for the first time to utilize as key data in policy establishment to further advocate a public sharing economy. 	The most anticipated project for the future promotion of Seouls Sharing City policy was Shared Parking Lots at 95.7%, followed by Ttareungi, Seoul Public Bicycle at 93.1%, Public Space, Facilities Sharing at 90%, Tool Rental Shop at 88.7%, and Sharing of Childrens Clothing and Toys at 87.9%, for a total percentage exceeding 87%.	It was found that the levels of awareness and satisfaction for Sharing City Policy were high, with a rate of 97.7% among Seoul residents answering that they are familiar with more than one of the sharing policies, while the actual level of awareness of the Sharing City Project was much lower at 59.6%. 	The level of awareness regarding each policy showed Ttareungi, Seoul Public Bicycle ranked first at 92.5%, Nanumcar (car sharing) at 71.6%, followed by Shared Parking Lots at 48.6%, and Sharing of Childrens Clothing and Toys at 30.8%. 	The percentage of people having actually used one of the policy-based services within the past year came out at 55.4%, with Ttareungi, Seoul Public Bicycle occupying the top rank at 38.9%. Open Data Portal took the top spot last year as the most frequently used service, averaging 25.2 uses on a daily basis. 	The satisfaction levels of individual projects were shown to be 93.9% for Ttareungi, Seoul Public Bicycle, 91.0% for Nanumcar, 90.9% for Sharing of Childrens Clothing and Toys, 88.8% for Shared Parking Lots, and 88.7% for Shared Public Spaces and Facilities, for a grand total of an 85% satisfaction rate. The level of satisfaction among people using the policy-based services proved far higher than the level of awareness, revealing a high public satisfaction rate among people utilizing the sharing services. 	The reason for use of these services were based in the convenience of service use times and locations at 62.7%, simple and accessible process at 47.8%, and economic profit at 42.2%. 	The survey also touched upon exactly how much policy has contributed to life in Seoul. As a result, 80% of respondents answered that these services helped promote a greater quality of life, indicating their effectiveness. 	The most significant policy of this survey was the shared parking lot. This project is a Seoul policy in which resident-priority parking lots, annexed parking lots, and unused parking spaces are shared, resulting in its ranking first at 95.7% as a policy that people wanted promoted in the future as well. Of all the shared policies of the survey, this policy ranked first with 62.5% being unaware of the shared policies, responding that they have the intention of utilizing the shared parking lot service. The satisfaction levels among the public reached 88.8%, which was 9.1% higher than the results of the 2017 survey at 79.7%.	This was the first survey conducted, targeting these services. Results found that there was great interest in Ttareungi, with the public awareness level of the service itself at 50.7%, with the anticipation for further policy promotion at 33.0%. "
Seoul Metro acquired the ISO/TS 22163 certification, an international quality management system of rail organizations, by the International Organization for Standardization in the field of railway maintenance as the first urban railway operation agency in Korea. Korea Metro is the second in the world to receive the ISO/TS 22163 certification in the railway maintenance field after Metro Madrid of Spain. The ISO/TS 22163 is the international standard for the railway industry based on ISO 9001. Seoul Metro received a standard inspection of Maintenance of Rolling Stock from Germanys certificate database, TUV Rheinland, in ten areas and 270 items. This international standard certification essentially helps Seoul Metro secure a globally technical and operational competitive edge in the field of railway maintenance. The ISO/TS 22163 guarantees enhanced quality management and an advanced process, making it an essential demand by bidders in overseas markets upon the ordering of railroad-related projects. This certification is anticipated to broaden the railway management business domestically and in overseas markets as well. In order to secure globally technical and operational competitiveness, as well as a quality guarantee of electric car management, Seoul Metro conducted its own diagnostic evaluation. Based on the results of the evaluation, Seoul Metro acquired the certification through the documentation of the maintenance process and prevention of record omissions, the universalization of quality and safety policy among employees, and the security of eligibility of employees associated with the quality management system. The certification remains valid from December 2018 to November 2021. 
" 1.	Dear citizens of Seoul and fellow officials of the Seoul Metropolitan Government,	It seems only yesterday that I first came to work as the mayor of Seoul with the conviction in my heart that Citizens are the mayor, and it has already been seven years since my first day in office in 2011."
"	In retrospect, it is refreshing to think about the past journey in Seoul. 	Over the past seven years, Seoul has innovated itself by shifting its focus to people, care, respect for labor and community, and as a result, Seoul has turned into one of the most livable cities in the world.  	The Seoul City has placed people before anything else which had previously been pushed back behind development and growth. It has worked tirelessly to make structural changes in its municipal services so that the municipality can bear the weight of life together and share each of its citizens burdens collectively with no one left behind. 	In May 2018, Seoul City won the Lee Kuan Yew World City Prize of Singapore, referred to as the Nobel Prize for cities in the world, and this was a symbolic incident which confirmed that Seoul has become one of the best cities in the world. 	All these changes have been possible due to the engagement of all of you, the ten million citizens of Seoul."
"	My fellow officials of the Seoul Metropolitan Government have made great contributions to the citys achievement, too."
	I am deeply grateful for all your hard work.  2.	Korea is going through tough economic times.
	Many citizens of Seoul are having a hard time.
	Those who have to scrape by are faced with an emergency warning light in their lives.
"	Income inequality has widened further, and social imbalance and inequality have become a norm. 	Future prospects are not bright, either."
"	In addition to worsening income inequality and a low economic growth which has become a pattern in Korea, the country is being further challenged by imminent risks such as the low birth rate and rapid ageing of population. 	Self-employed businesses that account for 30% of the national economy are on the brink of collapse."
	Many young people are spending their golden years preparing for employment tests in libraries after graduation from school.
"	Along with an extremely low birth rate, womens career disruption due to childcare has emerged as a serious risk to the national economy and the approaching future.	We must face facts first before we can talk about hope in the horizon."
"	We can start talking about the economic recovery of Korea only when we have the courage to admit the difficulties we are faced with and reflect on our past mistakes. 	Looking back, we can see that after the countrys industrialization and democratization, we have failed to find an alternative to developing our national economy in a rapidly changing global economic landscape in preparation for the coming future."
"	The logic of our economic discourse is still confined within the framework of conglomerate-centered economic growth, with the fruits of the national economic growth being monopolized by the select few to a greater degree."
"	Over the years, we have failed to create a new momentum in our national economic growth, nor have we succeeded in accomplishing the transformation of our national economy from a catch-up economy to an innovative economy. 	To resolve such structural problems of our national economy, the Moon Jae-in administration has sought to achieve a paradigm shift to a people-centered economy backed by income-led growth, innovative growth, and a fair economy.  	To shift the focus of the countrys industrial policies and achieve a manufacturing renaissance, the new administration has launched an Expanded Meeting with Economy-related Ministers."
"	We anticipate that the national economic system disrupted during the Lee Myung-bak and Park Geun-hye administrations to become normalized and vitalized gradually. 	Seoul City will actively cooperate with the government for our mutual growth. 3.	Dear citizens of Seoul and fellow officials of the Seoul Metropolitan Government,	Seoul will take the lead in trying to revive the national economy."
"	Of course, there are limits to the capability of a local government to revitalize national economic growth due to limited policy instruments, countless regulations, and limitations in authority that it could tap into."
"	However, no matter how rough the road may be, we can never give up without even trying."
"	We must not avoid taking on challenges on the grounds that our efforts might bring little effect.  	With all the resources that it could ever mobilize, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will concentrate on promoting economic growth, urban industrial rejuvenation, and innovative startups in the city."
"	While actively cooperating with the central governments new economic policies, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will request bold deregulation measures while increasing its fiscal support for local government initiatives."
"	When it comes to reviving the economy, both the central government and local governments must do their very best.  4. 	Existing businesses must grow while startups actively emerge so that the economy in Seoul can regain its vitality, the key to which lies in the full-scale establishment of Innovation Growth Hubs in the city.	Building momentum in the economic growth of Seoul and Korea through the creation of a massive innovation ecosystem is Park Won-soons first proposal to change the fundamentals of the national economy.  	Through my New Years message last year, I announced the municipal governments plan to build six Innovation Growth Hubs."
"	They include the Integrated R&D Cluster in Magok, the Media City Project in Sangam, the Biomedical Cluster in Hongneung, the Music Industry Project in Changdong, the Digital Cluster in Gaepo, the AI-Centered R&CD Cluster in Yangjae, and the International Exchange Complex in Yeongdong to surpass that of Marina Bay, Singapore."
"	To accelerate the progress, we will complete the Sangam and Magok projects and concentrate on promoting the cluster projects in Hongneung, Changdong, Gaepo, Yangjae, and Yeongdong districts. 	Urban industries that used to be the pride of Seoul over an extended period have continued to decline and deteriorate. My second proposal is to bring innovation to urban industries with new visions and contents befitting the 21st century. 	Manufacturing industries in urban centers should no longer be considered outdated. They are invaluable venues with potential for great industrial innovations. 	Examples of such venues include the Dasiseun redevelopment project in Jongno 3-ga, the Fashion Town in Dongdaemun, the Jewelry Shopping Street of Jongno 2-ga & 3-ga, the Herbal Medicine Street of Dongdaemun, the Printing Alley of Jung-gu, the Electronics Market in Yongsan, and the Used Car Market in Janganpyeong."
"	In addition, we will enable small-scale manufacturers and handicraft technicians in the city to operate from the citys smart anchors to maximize the synergistic effect of their operations."
	We will make their long industrial history an asset accumulated from years of experience rather than a debt by incorporating new ideas of the youth into their time-honored industrial know-how.
"	The declining urban manufacturing industries going through a harsh winter will turn into a spring of innovation filled with the flowers of life.  5.	Dear citizens of Seoul and fellow officials of the Seoul Metropolitan Government,	My third proposal to change the economic landscape of Seoul is the promotion of innovative startups. 	For the past 20 years, the list of the top 20 companies in Korea has remained unchanging."
"	During the same period in the United States, about half of the top 10 companies have been replaced by Apple, Google, Amazon, Facebook, et cetera."
"	It has been quite some time since startups in Silicon Valley began to serve as the countrys future growth engines.	Zongguancun, the technology hub of Beijing, produces global enterprises such as Chinas largest Internet portal Baidu and the worlds largest online gaming company Tencent."
"	In the United Kingdom, the government-affiliated organization Tech City Investment Organization has provided its full-fledged support for the development of a Tech City in London. 	Major countries around the world are already creating most of the new jobs through innovative startups."
	We will find an alternative for our national economy in innovative startups.
"	For the future of our national economy, we will support technologies that create jobs and invest in ideas that will change the world."
"	We will develop Seoul into a city where startups thrive like flowing rivers and blooming wild flowers.   		First, we will expand and reinforce our startup infrastructure."
	We will increase the number of startup spaces run by Seoul City from a mere 40 to around 100.
"	Seoul City has established Seoul Startup Hub and Seoul Innovation Park which have already developed into world-class startup spaces. Rather than being complacent with the accomplishment, we will work hard to create a startup space in each community throughout the city so that everyone who want to start their own business can settle down for future growth. In addition, we will join forces with Google and D-Camp (Banks Foundation for Young Entrepreneurs) to host Seoul global startup camps. We will also help startups take full advantage of the spaces provided by the private sector, like WeWork, at reasonable prices. We will enhance cooperation with Silicon Valley of the USA, Zhongguancun of China, and various Israeli startup organizations. 	We will also expand our financial support for startup companies. We have prepared to set up the Seoul Future Growth Fund worth 1.2 trillion KRW which we will invest in more than 2,000 Seoul-style innovative startups based on the core technologies of the 4th Industrial Revolution. I will also take the lead in attracting overseas funds to Seoul. 		Second, we will turn Seoul into a testbed for public policies for industrial revitalization of the 4th Industrial Revolution and create an innovation ecosystem in the city. 	Seoul City will play the role of a testbed for innovative technologies and support the startups new technology verification process. We will provide startups with full support customized for their needs in the whole process including technology development, commercialization, marketing, and global market entry. 	Utilizing the know-how accumulated by Seoul Urban Solutions Agency (SUSA) that has been exporting first-hand experiences of Seoul to 57 cities around the world, we will actively support our countrys small and medium-sized enterprises and startups make inroads into overseas markets. 		Third, we will realize the dream of making Seoul the best startup city not only in the Republic of Korea, but also in Asia. 	Silicon Valley is a massive innovation ecosystem built by talented people who have gathered from all corners of the world. A great number of young people from the European continent are crossing the borders to Berlin, Germany to start their new business. We will make Seoul City a city of dreams for all young potential entrepreneurs in Asia. 	Recently, Seoul City signed a visa waiver agreement with the Minister of Justice for foreigners planning to start businesses in Seoul."
"	We will also set up a one-stop service system for foreign entrepreneurs with high potential and provide them with support for office and accommodation spaces.   6.	Dear citizens of Seoul and fellow officials of the Seoul Metropolitan Government,	Park Won-soons fourth proposal to facilitate national economic recovery is making investments in people."
	People are the most important element in both the economy and innovations.
	The best strategy to realize the ambitious plan of Seoul City is making investments in people. 	People that we need now are convergent thinkers that can find solutions and lead innovations in innovative workplaces.
	We will establish innovation schools like Ecole 42 in France to cultivate such convergent thinkers.
"	Through the schools, we are planning to produce more than 4,500 young people who could play a leading role anywhere in the world. 	To help them successfully function in companies or start their own businesses, we will establish an organization devoted to the promotion of cooperation between the Seoul Metropolitan Government and universities so that the innovation schools can focus on producing talented people demanded by businesses on-site instead of those who appear good in their resumes.	Entrepreneurship by definition involves a challenging spirit."
	We will build social foundations that will empower not only the citizens of Seoul City but also all those foreign nationals who dream of living in the city to take up the challenge and start their new business in Seoul at any time.   7.	My fifth proposal to revitalize the national economy is in assisting corporations.
	Corporations are at the core of our economic activities.
"	They create jobs, accumulate national wealth, and are the engines of a national economy. 	One of the biggest tasks of the central and local governments is to support and encourage them to create many quality jobs, generate high revenue, pay a fair amount of taxes, and develop future growth engines. 	Seoul City will actively support anyone who would help revitalize the economy, create jobs, and invest in the future."
"	We will go the extra mile to help big businesses equip themselves with even stronger international competitiveness while providing particularly robust support to more than 1,300 mid-sized businesses in the city in order for them to develop into big businesses. 	However, we must place top priority on small and medium-sized enterprises. We will have to identify their difficulties and come up with customized support measures."
"	Our national economic strategy must focus on achieving economic growth largely through innovation led by small and medium-sized enterprises, moving beyond the traditional big business-oriented economic growth depending on their competitiveness in pricing and investment."
"	Along with the central government, we will sharply increase our fiscal support for R&D activities of small and medium-sized enterprises. 	Furthermore, we will also take active measures to attract foreign corporations."
"	In 2016, we attracted 9.5 billion USD in Foreign Direct Investment, the highest record in history. To break the record yet again during my term, we are determined to do everything in our power to make Seoul City an attractive place to live in for foreign companies and foreign nationals.	That way, we will make Seoul City a metropolis where a larger number of new businesses get created and develop more substantially than ever so that everyone in Seoul will be able to meet with greater success.  8.	Dear respected Seoul citizens and fellow officials of Seoul City,	My sixth proposal to revive the national economy is the realization of a fair economy and the enhancement of economic democracy. 	Seoul City has already advocated and implemented the so-called WECONOMICS, meaning economy for all.	We need a robust four-wheeled vehicle to go through the harsh terrain we are in, and the four wheels we require are the development of big businesses, the growth of SMEs, the establishment of a labor-respecting society, and the realization of economic democracy and a fair economy."
"	Our conviction about the vision and the direction will never falter. 	The biggest obstacle to our advance toward a new era and new economy is a serious inequality, or the so-called 99:1 society. A new economic paradigm must start from the elimination of such extreme inequality followed by the establishment of a balanced economy and a fair economy.  	A fair economy is critical for innovative growth.	We will promote economic democracy more strongly so that SMEs can compete with big businesses on a level playing field and the results of innovative growth can spread throughout the society in a fairer way.  9.	It is our urgent task to rescue the self-employed businesses pushed to the brink of life. 	Rescuing self-employed business is my seventh proposal to revive the economy."
"	Accounting for about 30% of the national economy, self-employed business is the backbone of our economy."
	Only when villages and alleys restore their vitality can the national economy become steady.
"	We will make sure that people of self-employed businesses can increase their profits, and we will expand the social safety net."
	No store should close its doors due to unreasonably high rent after having successfully operated through the owners hard work and sacrifice.
"	Through the introduction of a paid sick leave system and the support of employment insurance premiums, we will reduce the financial burdens of self-employee business people."
	We will lay the foundation for the growth and innovation of self-employed business people. We will back up the central governments eight key policy tasks designed to promote their capacity-building efforts.
"	In cooperation with the central government, we will make sure that the scope of the commercial building lease protection will be expanded through gradual elimination of the conversion deposit system, and the Zero Pay system that we have initiated will take root successfully.  10.	Dear citizens of Seoul and fellow officials of Seoul City,	A new era requires a new economy. 	Our national economy has already advanced to a point where the traditional catch-up approaches no longer work."
"	Instead of following in others footsteps, we need to create a new economic model and continue to innovate it.  	Yes, that is the way."
	My eighth proposal to revive the national economy is the creation of a new economic model suitable for the new era. 	Freitag of Switzerland uses waste materials to produce goods that are not available anywhere in the world. The products sell out rapidly despite their high prices.
	The upcycling industry and the handmade economy including that of handmade shoes have already emerged as an alternative.
"	Social economy accounts for 20% of the French economy. It has also taken root elsewhere as part of the mainstream economy.  	In addition, the era of possession is being taken over by the era of sharing."
"	Above all, the worlds business is being dominated by platform companies that invite people from all over the world to implement creative activities collectively.  	The modern society is fractured, decentralized, and complex, with walls making it hard for anyone to enter a new area. We need to demolish such walls through innovations aimed towards promoting convergence and connectivity."
"	We must continue to create a new economic model through cooperation among local governments, integration of IT with BT and NT, and combination of technology and humanities.  	We will make sure that such changes and creative activities will take place in Seoul."
	We will hold world-class hackathon and startup events in Seoul.
"	Creating new trends and a whirlwind of innovation are the ways to build an innovative economy where Seoul and the Republic of Korea will lead the world at the forefront instead of trying to catch up with others.    11.	My ninth proposal to revive the national economy is self-reflection, soul-searching, and innovation starting from within Seoul City.	Korea has poured an enormous amount of funds and resources into supporting SMEs, traditional markets, and startups. Although it has implemented more considerable support policies than any other country, why have we not produced satisfactory results? Why has Korea not seen multiple new unicorn companies emerging yet? We need to reflect carefully on such issues."
"	Our countrys R&D expenditure stands at 4.5% of its GDP, which is the highest in the world."
"	However, Korea ranks 26th in the world in terms of technology transfer by public research institutions and industry-academic collaborations.	We must examine ourselves carefully regarding bureaucratic approaches and excessive regulations, neglect in on-site communications, and lack of understanding about changes in the horizon."
"	We have to ask ourselves whether our economic policies have been aimed at suppliers instead of consumers. 	To restore the vitality of the national economy, Seoul City must take the lead and start innovations from within. 	When the central government approves of our plan to appoint two deputy mayors instead of one as it has promised, we will appoint an economic expert with corporate backgrounds to one of the posts at all costs."
"	We will have the deputy mayor take charge of overall economic policies and corporate support policies of Seoul City. 	We will create an economic policy framework to support businesses more effectively, and we will carefully evaluate the performance goals of our policies in order to reduce errors and mistakes related to the policies."
"	In the process, we will keep communicating with businesses while giving and receiving ample feedback."
	We will ensure that policies will be properly implemented in efficient and productive ways in Seoul City.
"	Through the most efficient budget implementation practices, we will strive to produce 100 units with an input of 1 unit. 	Dear citizens of Seoul,"
"	From now on, instead of just Seoul City, please call our city with the name of Special Economic City.  12.	Dear respected citizens of Seoul and fellow officials of Seoul City,	In the past Deng Xiaoping of China had said, It doesnt matter whether the cat is black or white as long as it catches mice. He led the Chinese economic reform with this so-called Black Cat, White Cat theory, laying the foundation for China to emerge as the second strongest economy in the world. 	Likewise, I think practical and field-oriented approaches are what Korea needs in order to overcome our current crisis of national economy and of ordinary citizens livelihood. 	All along, I have cherished practical philosophy, innovation strategies, and entrepreneurship. I have also done my very best to put them into practice."
"	When attacked as a left-winger, I replied that I was neither right-wing nor left-wing, but that I was only of the citizen-wing if I had to belong to a wing."
"	Armed with the spirit of entrepreneurship in the past, I have founded the Beautiful Store and developed it as a social enterprise which grew to become the best social enterprise in Asia with 30 billion KRW in annual sales."
	In the past I have also established the Hope Institute and developed it into the best think tank of the Republic of Korea through the Silhak Movement of the 21st Century.
"	What matters are practical visions, strategies, and actions based on real situations in the world. 	It is in that context that I am heading to meet the corporations that moved in to the Yangjae R&CD Innovation Hub right after this New Years kickoff meeting is over."
"	Without any filters, I will listen to the vivid voices of corporations."
"	I will no longer wait for corporations to come and see me, but will instead go and meet them in their workplaces. 	Exactly as I did when I was elected as mayor of Seoul for the first time seven years ago, I will go out and meet citizens in their workplaces."
	I will go wherever my presence is requested by citizens regardless of who opposes it for whatever reason.
"	I will open the Mayoral Office of Innovation in places where citizens struggle daily to survive and locations where citizens rise to challenges and make innovations. 	Yes, focusing on the field instead of the office is my tenth proposal to revive the economy.  13.	Dear respected citizens of Seoul and fellow officials of Seoul City,	Everyone talks about the difficulties faced by the Korean economy."
"	Regarding the prospects of our economic growth and development in the future, the vast majority of people overwhelmingly voice pessimistic views.  	However, I would prefer to be on the optimistic side."
"	I do not deny that our economy is going through difficult times. 	Looking back, the question seems to be whether there has ever been a time when our economy was not in a difficult situation."
"	In every crisis, we were united to take on challenges and overcame the crisis with confidence. 	Indeed, we ended up further developing our economy after we struggled with each crisis. 	I know that the process is far from easy. 	However, we all know that history has always been on the side of optimists who courageously take on challenges with positive thinking and an optimistic attitude.  	That is right."
	Positive thinking and optimism are the best strategies to turn the hope for our economy into reality.
"	I believe that the best way to revive the economy is to arm the citizens with positive thinking, optimism, challenging spirit, and courage."
	Let us join forces to tackle our challenges head on.
"	During the rest of my term, I will invest all my efforts in finding the solutions to the problems of citizens livelihood while making changes in municipal service more deeply, more broadly, and more sustainably. 	Regarding numerous questions about a better tomorrow in the midst of any transition, the answer has always been citizens."
	It is my great privilege to have ten million citizens to serve.
	Let us move forward together to complete the 10-year revolution of improving the quality of life for the great citizens of Seoul City. 	Thank you.
In light of its 3rd anniversary, the Seoul city brand, , announced the results of a survey taken by nearly 5,000 locals and international residents. According to the survey, eight out of ten citizens (84.0%) were aware of the Seoul brand  , upon reaching the landmark of its third year anniversary. Results showed that 42.0% of residents gained awareness through television, newspapers, and other mass media vendors, while 37.9% learned of the city brand via Seoul-related events and advertisements. Ninety-five percent of foreigners and domestic residents visiting the citys foreign language websites also recognized the Seoul brand. This signature city brand grew more popular among residents each year amid the increase in awareness from 63.0% in 2016, to 66.3% in 2017, and 84.0% in 2018. Varied age groups among people in their 20s (83.9%), 30s (83.0%), 40s (84.8%), and 50s (84.3%) were also found to be aware of the brand. In response to the kind of image people maintain about the city of Seoul, 53.5% answered that Seouls image was modern, while 47.5% said that Seoul was diverse, 45.3%, spirited and dynamic, and 14.4%, safe. As for Seouls competitive edge over other foreign cities, convenient public transportation came out on top (274), followed by safe streets to walk at night (221), diversity of tourist attractions and landmarks (56), and leading the world in IT (51), which conclusively highlight convenient public transportation use and safe streets as Seouls primary competitive assets as a global city. 
The collaboration between Cheongwadae and young artists has resulting in the exhibition, Peace, A New Inspiration at Sarangchae. The exhibition will feature the works that provide a refreshing reinterpretation of the changes that have been brought about thanks to the blossoming of peace on the Korean peninsula featuring 46 paintings, two murals, and one media artwork by five individuals and one team of artists, who have shown captures their unique world of art in various fields from tape art to graffiti, media art, plant miniature, pen drawing, and Korean-style paintings.The tape artist used the packaging tape to depict the figures that had greatly influenced and stimulated the global community, such as the leaders of South Korea, North Korea, and the United States, as well as the members of BTS, and more. The graffiti artist presented Annyeong (6m x 5.4m) and work that depicts girls of multicultural background. Annyeong is an ambiguous title, yet can be understood as both a greeting and as wellbeing in Korean the latter meaning wishing for peace on the peninsula.The Korean painting artist, who has a focus on pet animals, presents a folk painting and pop art, where visitors can discover the first pets from South Korea and North Korea, under the theme, Companion: A Part of Me.The miniature artist, specializing in the recording of plants through artistry displays colored paintings and pen drawings under the title, The Illustrated Book of Korean Flora, introducing plants indigenous to South Korea and North Korea, as well as endangered Korean coniferous trees.During the exhibition period until the end of January, artist-participatory events are also in store.On Saturday, December 29, live performances of taping artistry are scheduled to take place at the exhibition hall.
"	Seoul Metropolitan Government operates the 2018 Winter Garden of Seoul Botanic Park from December 24 to February 2019 at the Plant Culture Center (greenhouse), the Open Forest, and the Lake Garden of the Seoul Botanic Park.Inside the greenhouse, the landmark of the Park, there is a seven-meter-tall Christmas tree and citrus tree decorated with oranges and grapefruits. Visitors can also enjoy various exhibitions, including a cactus wearing a Christmas hat and the Gardeners Christmas Room.At the Project Hall on the first floor of the Plant Culture Center, there is the photo zone with the giant Christmas wreath, handmade by 40 volunteers, and the birch wishing tree. The photo zone and the wishing tree will be kept until the end of January. You can write down your own wish on the wish card you can receive from the entrance of the Project Hall during the operation hours from 09:00 am to 16:00 pm.Outdoors, between the hours of 18:00 and 22:00, visitors can enjoy the Light Garden from the entrance of the Plant Culture Center to the Lake Garden and the Open Forest.The Light Garden houses a large light tree, which is 12 meters tall, standing at the entrance of the greenhouse, a Rainbow Panorama, Winter Forest, and Amaury Gallon Light Tunnel at the Lake Garden, as well as the Cherry Road and LED Silver Tree at the Entrance Plaza of the Open Forest.Since its temporary opening on October 11, 2018, Seoul Botanic Park has greeted 970 thousand visitors, as of December 16. The park is planning to help the stable adaptation of plants while gathering different feedback from the public during the pilot operation period in order to improve upon facilities and operational deficiencies prior to the official opening in May 2019.During the temporary opening, admission is free, while the greenhouse operation hours in winter (December-February) are one hour shorter, from 09:00 to 17:00, rather than staying open until 18:00, as is done during the rest of the year."
"	From January 1, 2019, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will completely prohibit the use of disposable paper cups for take-out coffee, or plastic supplies for food delivery, from being brought into City Hall. The SMG will organize the campaign at the main entrance to foster awareness between the staff and the public until January 11, 2019, to promote their voluntary and active participation. 	From New Years Day of 2019, the waste basket for disposable cups available at every entrance to have the public officials and visitors conveniently dispose of their disposable cups as they enter the building, after having emptied their cups of contents. The baskets will be only temporarily available until everyone acclimated to the new policy.<Disposable cup waste baskets available at all entrances>	The SMG announced, This measure will first be implemented for the City Hall and the annex buildings, however, we are also looking into expanding its implementation to businesses, financial institutions, and district offices, following recent public opinion.	Additionally, the SMG is pursuing a variety of policy to encourage an eco-friendly City Hall, free of disposable supplies, including the furnishing and using reusable cups instead of disposable ones during meetings and in the office, serving drinks in mugs or rewarding discounts when a customer uses ones own mug at the caf or the snack bar in the City Hall, banning the sale of disposable supplies and plastic bags, and utilizing recycled eco bags."
Seoul Metropolitan Government publishes Changes in Seoul Living in 2019, providing useful information on the newly-conducted businesses in 2019, the opening of public facilities around the corner, and policies and measures closely related to everyday life. Changes in Seoul Living in 2019 introduces a total of 44 businesses in five categories:  11 businesses in Future Seoul,  12 businesses in Safety Seoul,  13 in Welfare Seoul,  five in Balance Seoul, and  three in Democracy Seoul.To lessen the burden of the commission fees for small businesses (owner-operators) facing financial difficulties, the SMG introduced Zero Pay. Thanks to this payment system, consumers can benefit from a 40% deduction from their income while stores receive up to a 0% commission fee. You can check in detail how to use Zero Pay at the official website (https://www.zeropay.or.kr).The speed limit of the main roads has been decreased to 50km/h, with that of side streets having been decreased to 30km/h inside the four great gates of the heart of Seoul in order to establish the People First traffic culture for the next year. The traffic safety installations, including the traffic signs and road signs, will be accordingly renewed by March, three months from which speed limit enforcement will begin in accordance with the changed speed limit via speed cameras, etc.From 2019, child allowance will be given to the applicable households regardless of their income. A monthly stipend of KRW 100,000 will be allotted to every child under six years of age from January to August, as well as to every child under seven years from September.Changes in Seoul Living in 2019 is easily accessible to everyone at the SMGs eBook service (http://ebook.seoul.go.kr) from December 31.
Seoul Metropolitan City announced that city boroughs would independently hold a Welcoming of the Sunrise for 2019, the Year of the Pig upon various mountains and at parks throughout the city. Sunrise gatherings will be taking place in 18 locations, having been divided into three groups: Five mountains in downtown Seoul (Eungbongsan Mountain, Baebongsan Mountain, Gaeunsan Mountain, Ansan Mountain, and Yongwangsan Mountain) ten mountains on the outskirts of Seoul (Achasan Mountain, Bonghwasan Mountain, Bukhansan Mountain, Dobongsan Mountain, Suraksan Mountain, Bongsan Mountain, Gaehwasan Mountain, Maebongsan Mountain, Umyeonsan Mountain, and Iljasan Mountain) and three parks in downtown Seoul (Cheongun Park, Haneul Park, and Olympic Park).
Each place will offer a variety of programming, including fortune-telling using yut sticks, handwriting of family precepts, sunrise cheers, and the sharing of rice cake soup, to allow people to visit with their families to enjoy the sunrise for a memorable experience.
The Korea Astronomy and Space Science Institute estimate Seouls sunrise to occur on the morning of January 1, 2019, at 07:47 am.Five Mountains in Downtown Seoul:
Seoul at a Glance from Eungbongsan Mountain, Baebongsan Mountain, Gaeunsan Mountain, 
Ansan Mountain, and Yongwangsan MountainLocated in downtown Seoul, the five mountain locations, consisting of the Palgakjeong Pavilion of Eungbongsan Mountain in Seongdong-gu, the observatory of Baebongsan Mountain in Dongdaemun-gu, the playground of Gaeunsan Park at Gaeunsan Mountain in Seongbuk-gu, the beacon mound of Ansan Mountain in Seodaemun-gu, and the summit of Yongwangsan Mountain in Yangcheon-gu, will offer colorful events, such as a drum performance, the releasing of hope balloons, and the writing of New Years wishes and words of blessing.Eungbongsan Mountain (Seongdong-gu) is also called the Mountain of Forsythia because you can find beautiful forsythias there blooming in Spring. When you reach the Palgakjeong Pavilion, you can enjoy the panoramic view of the Hangang River and Seoul Forest. Numerous events are being prepared for the upcoming New Years Day, including the celebratory performances with vocal performances, and a pungmulpae (Korean traditional percussion troupe) and electric string concert, , a character photo zone, writing New Years wishes, and a drum performanceIt is quite easy to reach the beacon mound of Ansan (Seodaemun-gu) has a Jarak-gil, or hiking trail, available for all those who find going up the stairs exhausting. Some of events included are the reading-aloud of New Years wishes, three sunrise cheers, and the sharing of hot drinks.Ten Mountains in the Outskirts of Seoul:
Drone Performance on Achasan Mountain, alongside the Sunrise over Gaehwasan Mountain,
Dobongsan Mountain, and Maebongsan MountainAchasan Mountain (Gwangjin-gu), featuring a gentle slope for anyone to climb, is a well-known spot for viewing the sunrise. Every year, 40-50 thousand people gather here to welcome the sunrise of the New Year. As soon as you enter, the brightly lit lanterns will line the approximately 1.1 km trail from the entrance to the Sunrise Plaza. Varied events are also in store in the plaza vicinity that include the sending of New Years cards, fortune-telling for the New Year, and the handwriting of family precepts. Visitors can also look forward to the New Years celebration performance, featuring two large drones flying around in the air.Bongsan Mountain (Eunpyeong-gu) is a rather low mountain with an altitude of about 200 meters. You will easily reach the top to enjoy the sunrise and enjoy several events that are in store, including the hanging of a wish list, kite-flying, and the sharing of bokjoris (lucky pouches) and rice cake.Although Maebongsan Mountain (Guro-gu) is quite low, at around 108 meters in altitude, it is the most notable mountain in the district, while also going by the name, Cheongnyongsan Mountain. On the summit, you can enjoy the events, including the reading-aloud of a celebratory poem, a drum performance, a character photo zone, and the handwriting of wishful prayers.Bukhansan Mountain (Gangbuk-gu) will become the venue for the local residents and visitors to shout out three rounds of cheers while greeting each other upon the turn of the New Year. Cheonchuksa Temple of Dobongsan Mountain (Dobong-gu), which was established in 673 during the Silla Period, will hold events, such as the pre-ceremonial performance of pungmuldan (Korean traditional percussion troupe), the reading-aloud of New Years wishes, and the shouting of three rounds of cheers.Up until last year when sunrise events were held at Buramsam Mountain, this years events are to take place in Suraksan Mountain (Nowon-gu) Featured programs include the ringing of the bell, the sharing of blessings, and the Lighting of the Fire of Peace to wish for peace and stability on the Korean peninsula.Three Parks in Downtown Seoul:
Drum performance on the Summit of Haneul Park and 
the Writing of Wishes at Olympic ParkYou can appreciate the sunrise on New Years Day not only on the mountains but at parks. At Haneul Park (Mapo-gu), events like a drum performance and the writing of New Years wishes. Thanks to the well-built hiking trail, it is not particularly difficult to reach the park summit.At Mongchontoseong Earthen Fortification of Olympic Park (Songpa-gu), starting from the sunrise celebratory performance and various events, including the writing of New Years wishes, fortune-telling, and the ringing of the bell of hope, is certain to inspire everyone with hope and admiration.Those planning to visit one of the said venues are recommended to come dressed warm with heat packs to protect themselves against the cold so as to avoid hypothermia or perniosis due to overexposure to the cold weather amid anticipation for the sunrise. Everyone is also advised to pack a flashlight and hot drinks.For more information in brief regarding New Years sunrise venues and programming,  please visit the SMG official website (http://www.seoul.go.kr/story/sunrise/). 
"	The Seoul Metropolitan Government conducted a poll from November 28 to December 9 on the 2018 Top SMG Policies, in which city residents, both at home and abroad, participated.	The poll was conducted online on the SMG website (english.seoul.go.kr) in a total of six languages, witnessing an attendance of 15,172 participants. Among participants, the rate of Indonesian residents was the highest, amounting to as much as 16 percent.	15,172 foreign residents from 72 nations selected the top three SMG policies as follows: the Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market (5,469 votes) came out on top at number one, followed by the Free Suit Rental Program for Job Seekers (4,040 votes) at number two, with the Plastic-free Seoul, Reducing Disposables Campaign (3,943 votes) taking the third slot.	Voters from English and Chinese-speaking countries selected Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market as their favorite policy, while voters from Japan chose Seoullo 7017 & the Seven Connected Walkways as their top pick.	The 12 SMG top policy candidates were selected from 10 different areas, including culture, economy, education, jobs, environment, nature, tourism, immigration, history, and city planning, among policies that had been promoted on the foreign language-based SMG websites."
"	The Silver Grass Natural Art Exhibition will be held around Pyeonghwa Parks Nanji Pond at the Seoul World Cup Park from December 20, 2018, through January 2019. The seven artworks are to be installed along the 240-meter trail lined with eighty-one zelkova trees planted in front of the pond. The silver grass that had presented visitors with breathtakingly beautiful silver waves at the World Cup Park will be reborn as objects of natural art in line with seven different concepts. Three of these works, in particular, celebrate the 2019s being the Year of the Pig. Lucky pouches, a family of pigs, and a flower pig will greet visitors as a sign bestowing good fortune to all. Visitors can also meet a family of frogs that actually inhabit the World Cup Park. Seoul plans to clear the silver grass this winter to welcome in new sprouts, however, rather than incinerating the grass, this piece of nature is to be transformed into a work of art to give everyone a unique attraction to enjoy. Trimmed tree branches and other objects of nature found during the parks preparations for winter were also used during the creation process. Seoul will also operate a separate workshop program from January 9-28, 2019, at the Noeul Center in World Cup Park, that puts to use an array of dried flowers, broom cypress, as well as natural objects. Those seeking to participate in the program can RSVP through the Seoul Public Service Reservation system (http://yeyak.seoul.go.kr/)."
 Dried Flower Coronet (1.9 -1.23 / Wednesdays & Fridays, 10:30am, Adults)
 Natural Humidifier (1.30  2.8 / Wednesdays & Fridays, 10:30am, Adults) 
"	Seoul will begin the trial service for the new payment option, Zero Pay Seoul, which enables convenient payment through a smartphone without the use of credit cards or cash. The service offers consumers a 40% income deduction, with zero commission for small businesses. 	Zero Pay Seoul is a mobile direct payment system that allows consumers to immediately transfer payment from their personal bank account to that of the seller once they simply scan the Zero Pay QR code displayed at the counter on the smartphone app and input the payment amount. Small businesses with less than KRW 800 million in annual sales can benefit from 0% commission rate through payment with Zero Pay, which will be available to the majority of small business owners. 	Twenty-six franchises under direct management of headquarters, including Paris Baguette, Paris Croissant, BHC, Lotteria, Angel-in-us, Krispy Kreme Doughnuts, and other shops located in heavily populated areas, like the Gangnam Terminal and Yeongdeungpo Station underground shopping centers, are planned to partake in the trial service. 	While a total of 24 financial institutions, including twenty banks and four easy payment companies, are also set to join Zero Pay Seoul, consumers are required to download a bank app or easy payment app on their smartphones prior to service use. People using the applicable bank apps can transfer payments from personal accounts. The Zero Pay service will also be added to existing apps, while people using easy payment apps must register their personal bank accounts on the apps prior to service use.   Apps with Zero Pay Seoul payment (As of 12.20.2018)	Locations with the Zero Pay payment option, income deduction, and other benefits, will kick into high gear starting in 2019. In accordance with a related law revision in 2019, a new income deduction rate of 40% will be applied to actual refund benefits. 	Benefits for public facilities will start with subsidiary facilities of Seoul, including 10-30% discounts for admission to the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts and performance tickets to the Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra. In 2019, related systems will be improved for use of Zero Pay at Seoul Grand Park, Seoul and 25 self-governing district subsidies, publicly-funded policy, the public bike rental program, Ttareungyi, and public parking lots."
"	Seoul will open the Seoul Christmas Market under the theme of Christmas presents for ten days from December 22 to December 31, 2018, at Seoul Plaza and the Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP). The market will be open from 15:00 to 21:00 on Saturday, Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday, as well as from 17:00 to 22:00 on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. 	Celebrating its fourth season, the Seoul Christmas Market will feature various Christmas performances, diverse seasonal menus at fifty food trucks, and special handmade, seasonal goods by 110 artist teams. Three busking performances will be featured daily for ten days to add to the Christmas festivities. To help shield off the cold, a large air booth will be installed at the Seoul Plaza, while wooden structures and small tents will furnish the Eoullim Square at DDP. A separate dining area will be provided for visitors so everyone can enjoy the delicious food truck cuisine. 	The entrances to Seoul Plaza and the DDP Market will be prepared with a large gift box that serves as the backdrop for the photo zone to make for a special experience for everyone, in addition to the Wish Tree that will be installed in the gift box for visitors to write their new years wishes. Large snowballs will ornament the DDP Market while other photo zones are to be operated throughout the venue, adding to the Christmas spirit. 	Christmas ornaments and Christmas goods made with leather, textiles, metal, and more, are scheduled to serve as theme for handmade booths. Knitted items for warmth during the winter and accessories for year-end events will also be available to help boost the Christmas atmosphere. 	As carols are a big part of the Christmas season, carol performances are scheduled to heighten the mood of the Christmas Market even more. There will be new performances daily from soothing busking performances to spectacular magic shows, a cappella, and carols sung by a childrens choir. Three performance sessions will be held daily at 17:30, 18:30, and 19:30 on Saturday, Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday, and 18:30, 19:30, and 20:30 on Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday. For more detailed performance schedules, please  visit the night market website (www.bamdokkaebi.org). 	The Christmas Market will also feature various workshops for visitors, featuring, Christmas candle-making with clay candles for both adults and children to enjoy, as well as caricature drawing, making accessories with pressed flowers, and designing personalized earrings and mobile phone rings for a memorable experience, and perhaps as a special gift. 	This year, the Secret Santa sharing program will operate at the Christmas Market for public participation. Citizens can bring and donate boxed gifts, and a total of 2019 gift packages will be delivered to local childrens welfare centers on December 31. "
"	The Seoul city policy that people identified with most in 2018 was the Seoul Bike, or Ttareungi program. According to public voting results, both on and offline, for the Seoul Top Ten News that Changed My Life in 2018, Ttareungi received 18,676 votes (6.5%) to rank first for the second straight year. As the top-ranked policy changing peoples lives, Ttareungi, earning 18,676 votes (6.5%), saw a breakthrough of over one million accumulated members this year, totaling 1.17 million, and 16.32 million rentals, which numerically resulted in the use of Ttareungi by every Seoul citizen. Placing second was the policy for particulate matter reduction, earning 17,074 votes (6.0%), that attempted to alleviate related concerns to the polluted air. Seoul continues to promote the switching out of old boilers and old diesel vehicles to protect the publics health from particulate matter. In fact, it was categorized as a natural disaster, resulting in the provision of masks and air purifiers to those in need. In addition to making forecasts and warnings about air pollution, measures for emergency reduction, and other expedient information alerts regarding air quality, Seoul has bolstered cooperatives, both at home and abroad, for mutual preparations to improve air quality. Ranking third was the support policy for the severely disabled, earning 16,621 votes (5.8%), that lessened the burden of financial difficulties for disabled persons. Taking the fourth spot was the Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market, earning 13,333 votes (4.75%), that offered food, activities, and shopping in one place as Seouls premier nighttime attraction visited by 4.28 million people and tourists this year alone.  Results of the 2018 Seouls Top Ten News Selections"
"	Seoul will open its centerpiece winter attraction, the Seoul Plaza Ice Rink, for 52 days from December 21, 2018, to February 10, 2019. Hours of operation are from 10:00  21:30 on weekdays, and 10:00  23:00 on weekends and holidays, with an admissions fee of KRW 1,000. Skate rental is included in the fee, good for one hour of ice-rink use. Safety helmets and guards will also be available for free rentals to ensure user safety. 	This season, to celebrate the introduction of the Zero Pay service for consumers and small businesses, the ice rink will offer a 30% (KRW 300) discount from the admissions fee with payment through Zero Pay. Additionally, the first 100 visitors per day, using Zero Pay, will receive the opportunity to pay a KRW 100 fee in promotion of the Zero Pay, Happiness of 100 Won event. 	The ice rink will offer other indoor activities, like the Inter-Korean Sports Exchange Photo Exhibition, an indoor VR ski zone, an indoor photo zone, and other cultural and athletic programs. There will be a separate ice rink for curling lessons, as well, to allow the public to get a feel for the ice sport, after having received much attention at the 2018 PyeongChang Olympic Winter Games. 	The Seoul Plaza Ice Rink is an outdoor ice rink operated downtown, however, operation will temporarily be shut down on days when fine particulate matter warnings are in effect in order to prioritize the health of the public. The hourly air quality standards will be updated on the website for everyone to view prior to visiting the rink. Those signed up for lessons or with previous reservations will receive text messages upon shutdown, accompanied by a full refund given upon request. Those wanting to schedule another session can use the ice rink without additional reservations or purchasing of an admissions ticket. 	Ice Rink Ticket Purchasing:"
	Online Reservations:  Online reservations cannot be made on the day of visitation
	  Online reservations can be made at the Seoul Plaza Ice Rink website (www.seoulskate.or.kr)
	On-site Ticket Purchasing:
	  Available at the Seoul Plaza Ice Rink east side ticket office
"	In light of dongji, the winter solstice, the Dongji Cheomchi Season Feast will be held on Dec. 22 at Namsangol Hanok Village where visitors can experience the traditional Korean culture within a hanok. Tourists can get a taste of patjuk (red bean porridge) sharing, dongji gosa (winter solstice ancestral rites ceremony), a cheoyongmu dance performance, charm accessory workshop, and other seasonal customs during dongji. Korean ancestors considered dongji to be a pre-New Years celebration, calling it Dongji Cheomchi. They believed that one doesnt age a year until patjuk is eaten. In fact, the reason for eating patjuk focused not upon aging, but rather to promote ones health and evade misfortune.  Namsangol Hanok Village is planned to offer 300 portions of patjuk to visitors in honor of such customs. Visitors can make their own small dumplings to enjoy with porridge as they meditate on the meaning of dongji cheomchi.The dongji gosa is set to be performed with visitors within a traditional hanok of Namsangol Hanok Village for one hour starting at 11 am. This day is known to have the longest night of the year, with a sacrifice being made to the spirits by cooking red bean gruel and sprinkling it around the house to ward off evil spirits. There will also be a class for the cheoyongmu dance performance to ward off evil spirits, a dongji charm accessory workshop writing the characters  (pronounced sa, meaning snake) and adhering it onto the charm backwards to chase away minor spirits, a wish writing and burning of a sheaf upon Jeongwol Daeboreum, the 15th day of the first lunar month, and various other experiences of seasonal customs that chase away misfortune while wishing for blessings in the new year. Namsangol Hanok Village also plans to produce and sell a dongji almanac, inclusive of a 2019 New Years calendar, featuring traces of Koreas modern history under the concept of late-Joseon in the 1890s. The calendar will be sold for 50% off its original price on the day of the solstice. This will provide visitors with the opportunity to start the new year with a uniquely rare calendar. For more information about the Namsangol Hanok Village event, including the Dongji Cheomchi Season Feast, please visit the Namsangol Hanok Village website (www.hanokmaeul.or.kr), while inquiries can be made directly to Namsangol Hanok Village via the following number (82-2-2291-0517). "
"	Seoul city was selected as the Best MICE City for four consecutive years since 2015 at the 2018 15th Annual Global Traveler Tested Reader Survey Awards, hosted by the top business tourism specialist, Global Traveler. Dubai, Singapore, London, and Hong Kong followed close behind.	Celebrating its 15th anniversary this year, the Global Traveler Tested Awards selected its winners through both online and offline surveys conducted over a period of eight months from January to August, 2018, targeting business travelers, related businesspersons, and its 105,000 readers."
"        Previous Best MICE City award recipients	Seoul was awarded for its well-equipped infrastructure, including a convenient, built-in IT environment, public transportation, and accommodations, in addition to its polished culture in which tradition and up-to-date trends coexist, amid the characteristic charm of the city. "
"	The underground idle space (850), stretching from Jonggak Station of Seoul subway Line 1 to Jongno Books, will open in October 2019 as an underground garden that uses solar energy to grow its vegetation. 	This projects main facility is the solar lighting system that draws in sunlight below ground to create an underground environment favorable for plant growth. Natural light is drawn in through eight lighting systems in the ceiling to recreate a sunlit, cave-like atmosphere. 	During the night hours, on rainy or foggy days when there is little sunlight, the solar lighting system will automatically switch to LED lighting to allow for regular illuminance regardless of the weather outside. Canopies that reflect and intensify light will be installed on the ceiling, and the light and plants will be mirrored on the canopy to present an ambience like that of a botanical garden. 	The garden where plants are grown will be approximately one-sixth (145) of the total space. The underground garden will create a small botanical garden in the city with growing vegetation all year round, including fruit-bearing trees that require intensive sunlight, such as lemon trees and orange trees, as well as moss and other shade plants. 	Areas throughout the garden will be used for plant workshops and classes, performances, meetings, and healing programs (yoga, meditation, etc.) for office workers, to serve as a lasting, variable space. The stairs at both ends of the underground space will be remodeled into a stand-like design for the public to unwind or enjoy performances. 	In addition, following the formation of the underground garden, the city will promote the recognition of new facilities as an underground garden dependent on natural light by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) through a monitoring process and gathering of data. Further review of the possibility for policy exportation, both at home and abroad, will also be conducted with the goal of establishing an underground R&D hub."
"	Seoul City presents appreciation plaque to BTS at the red carpet stage of Mnet Asian Music Award on December 14th.BTS has been playing a big role as a Seoul city tourism ambassador for improving positive and friendly image of Seoul city by spreading Seoul song with Seoul to all over the world since 2017. (Seoul song with Seoul had 640k viewers for a sound source and 6.58m viewers for a music video as of December 5th. Also, 8 advertising videos of Seoul city tourism were made and broadcast in 120 countries.)The cooperation between Seoul city and CJ ENM this time is based on the business partnership contract to utilize Hallyu between both parties in April of 2018 and promote global city marketing. This is expected to be a successful co-marketing case starting from Japan KCON event this April to MAMA event this December.Seoul city is anticipating that the awareness and preference of Seoul is going to be increased to global hallyu fans as the scene of BTS awarding an ISeoulU Appreciation plaque can be seen in all over the world such as Japan, Southeast Asia and America this year."
Seoul city promoted sponsored subtitles through MAMA On-Air and exposed back wall stage logo as well as presenting appreciation plaque to BTS at the red carpet stage of Mnet Asian Music Award.Yoo Yeon-Sik, Seoul Public Communications Bureau Director, mentioned: Aside from natural-born talents of BTS, global agenda Love Myself of BTS made a huge contribution to informing positive images of Seoul city as a leader of the global youth. Therefore, that is why we appreciate and present ISeoulU Appreciation plaque to BTS.
"	 A separate rink has been prepared for curling, which, through the PeyongChang Winter Olympics, there have been a lot of citizen requests for as something to experience. Those who want a lesson or who want to try out the sport can purchase tickets through our homepage (www.seoulskate.or.kr).	 We plan to offer various other events as well, aspiring for a successful 100th National Sports Festival, so we ask for a lot of interest in these as well. "
Seoul will extend the service hours of 88 bus routes that circle Seouls major stops for fourteen days, from Dec. 17, 2018 to the night of Dec. 31 (early morning of Jan. 1, 2019). On Sunday nights (Dec. 23, Dec. 30), bus times will not be extended in consideration of the number of passengers after midnight. As a season with heavy movements of citizens during the late hours, the year-end sees a 26.1% increase in the number of bus passengers after midnight. Seoul will meet the demands of late-night transportation that temporarily increases at the end of the year, with the service hour extension of city buses, and the city plans to improve connections with the existing Owl buses (nine bus routes), and the custom year-end Owl buses (four bus routes) that began operation on Dec. 1, 2018, to help citizens return home to all parts of Seoul during late hours. Seoul selected eleven spots (Seoul Station, Jongno 2(i)ga, Myeong-dong, Guro, Yeongdeungpo, Sinchon, Hongik Univ. Station, Gangnam Station, Yeoksam, Konkuk Univ.) where citizens are most active until late at night. City buses will operate for citizens to board the buses by 01:00 at the applicable spots.There are a total 88 bus routes, including three lines at Seoul Station, twelve at Jongno 2(i)ga, four at Myeong-dong, and eleven at Gangnam Station. Bus routes with extended service hours will be posted inside the vehicles (on the front window). 
In celebration of winter, Seoullo 7017 will be painted with Christmas cheer. In place of the wintering flowers and trees planted throughout Seoullo, the twelve birth sign constellations and colorful lights will be installed to create a winter night view filled with showers of stars.  The lighting installed under Seoullo Starlight will utilize Seoullo plants encircled with straw for wintering, to present a fantastic night view of the twelve birth sign constellations from Aquarius to Capricorn. From Seoullos most popular Magnolia Stage, to the upper section of Seoul Station Plaza, will be lighting balls, image-projecting lights, Milky Way lighting, and more, in addition to the constellation lights. Unlike the usual dark green night lights on the 645 circular shrubs, the plants will be lit with warm colors of yellow and white during the Seoullo Starlight event. A star observation program with telescopes will be held for five sessions on Dec. 12, 13, 17, 18, and 19, from 19:00 to 21:00 at Seoullo 7017. Each session will be held with fifteen elementary school students and their families through prior registration, and this program will be even more special, as it will be linked with a local childrens center near Seoullo. For more information, visit the Seoullo website http://seoullo7017.seoul.go.kr). All programs will be free.The Santa Claus Parade, that was positively received during the 2017 Christmas season, will be upgraded this year. The event will add content appropriate to spaces throughout Seoullo this winter to organize a festival for year-end Seoullo visitors. Overview
Event: 2018 Seoullo Parade Festival Vol.4. Santa Claus Parade
Date and Time: Dec. 22 (Sat.), 2018, 16:00-17:30
Venue: Seoullo 7017 (Rose Stage  Magnolia Stage)
Details: Christmas event centered around the Seoullo Santa Parade
Seoul began long negotiations with the British Embassy in Seoul in 2014 to complete the disconnected section of the Deoksugung Stone Wall Path for the publics benefit and is now on the cusp of opening. The 100m closed section of the Deoksugung Stone Wall Path, stretching from the British Embassy staff dorm entrance to the rear entrance of the embassy building, was opened to the public in August 2017. The previously unfinished 70m section, stretching from the embassys rear entrance to the front gate, was successfully completed by the city of Seoul and the Cultural Heritage Administration within a one year and three month period. Seoul paved a design on the existing stone wall path from the British Embassy Seoul front gate to Sejong-daero and secured a pedestrian walkway by using bollards complementing the wall, as well as faint landscape lighting for added visibility and ambience.The inner sloped paths of Deoksugung Palace transformed into pedestrian deck areas for convenient access to the surroundings, while leveled walkways were paved with dirt. Wooden railings were also installed to disperse the flow of Deoksugung Palace visitors. The inner pedestrian path of the Deoksugung Stone Wall Path will be open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., and closed on Mondays, so as to coincide with the operation hours of the Deuksugung Palace and to promote the preservation of palace structures. A walk along the newly-opened stone wall path will tell of the history of peculiar, old trees planted along the path, as well as the surrounding ancient palace and British architecture that emanate an exotic charm. The completed path is also anticipated to radiate its unique color scheme throughout each of the four seasons. 
Seoul will create and open Yongsan Park Gallery in the old United Service Organization (USO) building (616) on Camp Kim, Yongsan. The building at Yongsan Garrison, a site that prohibited citizen entrance, will open to the public for the first time in 114 years. The USO was closed after the relocation of the United States Forces Korea (USFK) headquarters to Pyeongtaek. It is estimated that the old USO building at Camp Kim was first built 110 years ago in 1908. As a structure that shared the modern and present-day history of Korea from the time following the Korean War to August 2018, the USO building itself has substantial architectural and historical value. The exhibition will be co-managed by the city of Seoul and the USFK. A total of 60 articles comprised of photos, maps, and images in possession of the Seoul Museum of History, the National Archives of Korea, Yongsan Cultural Center, and individuals, will be put on display at the exhibition. The gallery will depict the role of Yongsan Garrison, the symbol of South Korea-United States relations for 73 years, and the symbiotic growth and relations between Seoul and the USFK during the citys 65 years of advancement following the Korean War.
Seoul will operate a communicational space within Yongsan Park Gallery at the close of 2018 in order to share information about the creation of Yongsan Park, accumulate data, and collect a wide variety of opinions. Yongsan Park Gallery will be operated with the Yongsan Garrison Bus Tour that will give visitors a tour of Yongsan Garrisons main spots. 
The Seoul City brand ISEOULU and Disneys representative icon Mickey Mouse are set to join forces in a collaborative campaign. Mickey Mouse will arrive on Nov. 27, 2018 and will visit Seoul Citys major attractions including Gwanghwamun Gate, Yeouido Hangang Park, and N Seoul Tower for four days starting on the 28th. On Nov. 28, Mickey Mouse will transform into Santa for the day at Seoul Citizens Hall. Presents to be delivered to 500 children of low-income households this Christmas were wrapped prior to Mickeys visit by actor Lee Joon-gi, actress Shin Sae-kyeong, Seoul city officials, and Walt Disney Company Korea employees, along with 200 individuals. Mickey Mouse will begin making rounds at Gwanghwamun Gate on Nov. 28, Yeouido Hangang Park on Nov. 30, and N Seoul Tower and Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP) on Dec. 1 to meet with citizens and surprise them.  Mickey Mouses Seoul Tour schedule is available for reference on ISEOULUs official Facebook page (https://www.facebook.com/iseoulukr/) and Walt Disney Company Koreas official Facebook page (https://www.facebook.com/DisneyKorea). The Seoul Tour is a collaborative brand campaign that celebrates the third anniversary of Seoul Citys ISEOULU brand and the 90th anniversary of Mickey Mouse.
"	Mayor Park Won-soon became the first Seoul mayor to give a lecture at Chinas prestigious Peking University on November 26th. Under the topic, A new future of Northeast Asia found in the city, Mayor Park Won-soon spoke on the issues of countermeasures for climate change, ecological civilization, new and renewable energy, urban regeneration, and innovative youth policies, while stressing the roles of cities and local governments in effectively transforming peoples lives in a time of globalization and localization. He introduced numerous innovative policies that Seoul had ventured for in the past to communicate with the youth community. Prior to his lecture, the mayor visited Chinas entrepreneurship hub, Beijings Z-InnoWay, also known as the heart of the start-up industry, Beijings own Silicon Valley. Mayor Park Won-soon also took part in the Seoul-Beijing Climate and Environment Cooperation Forum, co-sponsored by Seoul and Beijing. The forum served as a platform of mutual policy exchange attended by over 100 members of urban climate and environment policy teams, Beijing Municipal Research Institute of Environmental Protection, as well as officials from international organizations. On this day, Seoul and Beijing established the Joint Research Team for Reduction of Particulate Matter with participation by the Seoul Research Institute of Public Health and Environment, Beijing Municipal Research Institute of Environmental Protection, and the Beijing Municipal Environmental Protection Monitoring Center (BMEMC). As the first cooperative project of the joint research organization, both cities will determine the Seoul-Beijing detailed analysis of particulate matter for close examination of the cause of atmosphere deterioration and evaluate the cause of volatile organic compounds while researching for reduction measures to be enforced starting in 2019. Results of the study are scheduled to be announced in late 2019. Mayor Park Won-soon also met with Chen Jining, the mayor of Beijing. Mayor Chen Jining visited Seoul in March 2018, for the 3rd Annual Seoul-Beijing Joint Committee Conference and met with Mayor Park Won-soon to inspect Seouls excellent policy assets, including the Digital Mayors Office, TOPIS (Transport Operation & Information Service), and Seoullo 7017. In the evening, Mayor Park attended the Seoul-Beijing 25th Sister City Anniversary Concert, co-sponsored by Seoul and Beijing, at Beijings largest performance hall, the National Centre for the Performing Arts. The Seoul Metropolitan Traditional Orchestra opened the night with Arirang Fantasy and rewarded the audience with a special rendition of harmony and friendship between the Korean and Chinese cultures. "
"	Mayor Park Won-soon will be visiting Beijing, China, for four days and three nights, from November 25-28, making it his first visit since his 2015 tour to Beijing, Shanghai, and Guangzhou. Seoul looks to fortify cooperative relations between Seoul and Beijing in light of the 25th anniversary of the two cities signing of the Sister Cities Agreement and the Korea-China Growth Conference for Governors and Mayors, held on a biannual basis. Mayor Park Won-soon will supervise the Korea-China Growth Conference for Governors and Mayors where the two countries metropolitan council heads will gather in Beijing and speak with Premier Li Keqiang of China. The core agenda of his Beijing visit are in environmental cooperation, economic cooperation, and youth exchange. First, at the 2nd Korea-China Growth Conference for Governors and Mayors, the topic of environmental cooperation will be taken up by the heads of both local governments to discuss practical matters regarding the bolstering of cooperative partnerships in terms of improving the air quality. Seoul will hold a Climate and Environment Cooperation Forum with Beijing to create a center of the political exchange of urban environmental policy teams.Second, in regard to economic cooperation, large enterprises will accompany promising, SMEs and start-ups to help revitalize Chinese investments. The Seoul China Investment Week, from November 28-29, will be co-hosted with Bank of China to offer comprehensive support for varied business opportunities among domestic enterprises. Third, Mayor Park is set to be the first Seoul mayor to give a lecture at Chinas prestigious Peking University, meet with Chinas future leaders, and visit Z-InnoWay, Chinas hub for entrepreneurship."
"	Seoul will organize and operate four temporary owl buses which will run starting at 12:10 A.M. of December 1, 2018 and will end 03:30 A.M. of December 30, 2018.Two additional buses will be added to each of the four owl bus routes in operation (N13, N15, N16, N26) that are to run through main downtown areas (Dongdaemun, Jongno, Euljiro, Seoul Station, etc.), with the plan to reduce the intervals of owl buses. Areas where owl buses are not normally operated will be linked with existing owl bus routes to offer passengers the convenience of taking the owl bus to their destinations instead of taking a late night taxi.The 72 owl buses in nine bus routes will temporarily be extended to 92 buses in 13 routes (increase of 20 buses) in December for increased public transport convenience of citizens in the late hours at the end of the year. The four routes to operate from 00:10 on Dec. 1 until 03:30 on Dec. 30 are N877 (Bukgajwa 2-dong  Hongik Univ. Station), N866 (Guro 3-dong  Yeouido Station), N854 (Sillim-dong  Konkuk Univ. Station), and N824 (Konkuk Univ. Station  Gangnam Station). The buses will operate five days a week during the fixed period (Wednesdays-Sundays) and will run on Dec. 25 (Tue) during the hours between 00:10 and 03:30 when great number of passengers are expected. Four of the existing owl bus routes operating in downtown areas (N13, N15, N16, N26) will be temporarily increased till the end of the year.Temporary increase of owl busesOperation hours: 00:10-03:30Operation period: Five days a week, Dec. 2, 2018  Dec. 30, 2018 (Wednesdays-Sundays)Fare: 2,150 KRW (same as existing owl bus fare)"
"	Seoul City is to actively support the Embedded Animal Registration System to effectively prevent the loss and abandonment of pet dogs through embedded chips. Citizens can register for animal embedment for 10,000 KRW at over 900 animal hospitals starting in 2019. The city plans to realize zero euthanasia of abandoned animals through accurate grasp of animal-raising status.According to the Animal Registration System, all pets over the age of 3 months must be registered. A serial number will be given to each animal, and the owners name, address, contact information, pet breed, and age will be registered in the Animal Protection Management System (animal.go.kr) through chip embedment procedure, or collar or external chips. In case the registered pets get lost, owners of the pets will be easily identified through this system. The embedded animal registration involves the placement of a microchip the size of a grain of rice into the area between the animals shoulder blade, which is most effective in preventing pet loss or abandonment as compared to the external chip or dog tag that is susceptible to damage, loss, and destruction. The embedded chip will allow for speedy contact with the owners upon occurrence of pet loss accidents. All pets of Seoul citizens are subject to embedded animal registration, and starting in 2019, embedded microchip animal registration can be made through a safe procedure for 10,000 KRW at over 900 animal hospitals throughout Seoul. The number of abandoned pets decreased from 11,395 pets in 2013 to 8,632 pets in 2017 after the enforcement of the animal registration system in 2013. Seoul City plans to vitalize the embedded animal registration system to develop and enforce an animal welfare policy that will meet citizens demands. "
" 	In preparation for the severe cold and heavy snowfall this winter, Seoul plans to promote the Comprehensive Winter Preparation Plan 2018 for four months from November 15, 2018 to March 15, 2019 in the five areas of cold wave, snow removal, fires  accidents, welfare  environment, and public welfare. During this period, 33 organizations including the city of Seoul, 25 autonomous districts, six road and bridge maintenance offices, and the Facilities Management Corporation will operate the 24-hour Disaster & Safety Countermeasure Headquarters for maintenance of an emergency contact system and speedy rehabilitation support against heavy snow, emergencies, and damage prevention. Seoul will exhaustively investigate a total of 7,515 facilities vulnerable to disasters from November 12, 2018 to February 2019, enforce the protection measures starting November 1, which is two weeks earlier than usual with a forecast of early cold due to the abnormal weather, and will increase the number of sleeping bags provided for the homeless to 600 for reinforced protection of the vulnerable class. With heavy snowfall that is expected to accompany the severe cold weather this winter, measures for snow removal will also be fortified. Automatic liquid spraying equipment for early winter snow removal in vulnerable areas will be installed (9 new installments 51 locations in 201760 locations in 2018), and a new standard for de-icers will be established for the minimal use of de-icers and for the prevention of excess spraying in consideration of the amount of snowfall and snowfall time slots. The city plans to establish special transportation measures upon snowfall, safety measures for winter food, cleaning measures for fallen leaves and used briquettes, measures for stability along watersides in preparation for heavy snowfall and extreme cold. Situation rooms will be operated for crucial cases of severe cold, snow removal, disasters, and fires for securing citizen safety and minimizing inconvenience. Measures for subway operationsMeasures for subway operations during commute times and operation of extended last train timesMeasures for bus operationsMeasures for bus operations during commute times and operation of extended last bus times"
"Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra is scheduled to have a 2018 Europe Tour from November 25th (Sun) to December 1st (Sat), in 3 European countries and in 5 different cities. Under the baton of SPOs principal guest conductor, Thierry Fischer, it will perform Isang Yun Muak, B Beethoven, Piano Concerto No.5 Emperor / **Schumann, Piano Concerto (** Lucerne, Grenoble) and Berlioz, Symphonie Fantastique with Pianist SunWook Kim collaborating with the orchestra. Seoul Philharmonic Orchestras 2018 Europe Tour is sponsored by KIA Motors Corporation.After four years after performing at the London BBC Proms in August 2014, Seoul Philharmonic is revisiting Europe, Geneva and Lucerne in Switzerland, Udine in Italy and Grenoble and Paris in France to perform. SPO is performing for the first time in all five cities, and especially for Switzerland and France, SPO is making its debut stages in the countries	Debut stages at Switzerland and France"
Banpo Station on Seoul Subway Line 7 will transform into a complex cultural living space.
In February 2018, Seoul Metro opened the Digital Civil Safety Experience Center on B1 floor of Banpo Station, and was followed by the opening of the Subway Safety Information Hall and the Health & Life Care Zone. The Subway Safety Information Hall, which held its opening ceremony on November 12, is organized of seven themed zones featuring subway construction, operation, accidents, safety system, future safety system, games, and more throughout the total ground space of 220. In the Construction Zone, there is the three-dimensional cross-section of the underpass tunnel subway section and the structural model of the Dongdaemun History & Culture Park Station, the transfer station of Lines 2, 4, and 5. Actual tracks, relics of safety equipment, and models of electric trains by time period will also be on display. Types of accidents from the Seoul Subways past will be exhibited chronologically. Visitors will get the chance to see the Smart Safety Control Center, platform safety control system, and other safety systems managed by Seoul Metro to prevent accidents. A safety game system will also be available for visitors to experience. The Digital Civil Safety Experience Center also further expanded its experiential equipment and installed three electric train experience machines that are used to train engineers. The Health & Life Care Zone is a space that provides services for living convenience. The Care Zone is comprised of a fitness center, a study caf, a travel information caf operated by a travel agency, and an unmanned laundry room. Banpo Stations downtown area that failed to undergo revitalization based on the clustered residential area surrounding the station was improved as a lifestyle-friendly space. A kids gym is also scheduled to open in the Care Zone.
"	With innovative growth as the pivotal point of Seouls economic policy for the 7th popular elections, global economic leaders and CEOs of the worlds prominent enterprises, including Forbes, Siemens, and Audi, gather in Seoul to discuss the future direction and strategies of Seouls economy. 	On November 9, this years 17th Seoul International Business Advisory Council (SIBAC) Annual Meeting unfolds in line with the theme of Shaping Seouls Future through Innovative Growth. 	This annual meeting is scheduled to appoint erudite scholars and experts in the startup industry as new members with the intent of expanding upon the base of advisory and discussion. 	The SIBAC was established in 2001 as the advisory body to the mayor of Seoul, with currently five consultants and 28 representatives of globally-renown enterprises of various fields, including McKinsey & Company, Nomura Holdings, Forbes, Siemens AG, Brookfield Asset Management, AUDI AG, Novartis Pharmaceuticals, Toray Industries, Yozma Group, and more.	A total of 16 annual meetings were held since 2001, while the line of Seoul mayors received advice on 334 matters in the fields of economy, community, urban infrastructure, culture, environment, and entrepreneurship, and among those discussed, as much as 84%, or 282 items, were reflected within the municipal government. 	The 17th Seoul International Business Advisory Council Annual Meeting is scheduled to convene under the following three sessions: Constructing a hub for promising industries of the future I, II (R&D, biomedical, urban manufacturing, and cultural content), and creating an innovative startup climate. 	The first session invites five representatives to give a presentation on the topic of Constructing a hub for promising industries of the future through R&D, biomedicine, urban manufacturing and cultural content.	The second session then examines the strengths of Seoul and explores various cases from cities around the world.	Lastly, the third session, focusing on Creating an innovative startup climate, provides the opportunity for consultation on the matter of expanding the startup climate that is destined to evolve into the driving force of the innovation movement. 	Hosting this years SIBAC Annual Meeting as the seventh mayor of Seoul to do so, Mayor Park Won-soon, remarked, This will be an invaluable opportunity to hear from leaders of global enterprises on the vision and strategies for the future direction of our economy, before going on to say, Together we will create a city where worldwide innovationists gather, a city that challenges itself to pioneer unmarked territory, as well as a city that inspires job creation, productivity, and income through innovation. "
"	As Koreas first domed baseball stadium and complex facility for sports and culture, the Gocheok Skydome, which first opened its doors in 2015, celebrated its third anniversary on November 4, 2018. Over the past three years, a total 436 sports games and cultural events were held with a breakthrough of 3.32 million accumulative spectators. Gocheok Skydome, which pioneered the way for domed stadiums in the 100-year history of Korean baseball, is the home stadium for the Nexen Heroes Baseball Club and 279 games were played at Gocheok in three years. Unlike other stadiums with rainouts, baseball fans appreciate Gocheok Skydome for being a stadium without rainouts, and both players and spectators enjoyed pleasant games this summer amidst the unprecedented scorching heat. Not only were sports games held at Gocheok Skydome, but the stadium transformed into a large concert hall for concerts and cultural events with a seating capacity of 25,000. It hosted performances in Korea by internationally renowned artists including Katy Perry (May 2018) and Sam Smith (October 2018), BTSs fan meetings and concerts in both 2016 and 2017, and concerts by K-pop stars such as WannaOne and EXO that all set sellout records, making the stadium the No. 1 site of the performance culture. Gocheok Skydome is located at 430, Gyeongin-ro, Guro-gu, and has two basement floors and four ground floors with a total area of 83,476 in a full-dome shape. The baseball stadium was constructed as an internationally accredited size (first and third base line distances at 99m, center distance at 122m, fence height at 4m), and the height from ground to ceiling is 67.59m, 5m higher than the Tokyo Dome in Japan. There is a total of 16,813 seats from the first to fourth floor of the stadium, and the skydome can accommodate up to 25,000 people for concerts and cultural events. "
"	Seoul will hold the <2018 Seoul School  Public Meals Fair> festival on November 9, 2018 at Seoul Plaza where visitors can learn and experience everything about eco-friendly meals. Expected to attract over 10,000 participants, the event will be held for the seventh consecutive year since 2011 to share with citizens the outcome and significance of the eco-friendly meals project. Kindergarten, elementary, and middle school students who are the directly involved parties of school and public meals, parents, dieticians, agricultural producers, meal distributers, and officials related to school meals are expected to participate in the festival. 	At the event will be a PR center and exhibition hall that will inform visitors of how the eco-friendly public meal projects that were promoted since 2017 along with school meals were realized. The event will address the political significance and social, economic effects of eco-friendly meals while the Non-GMO Gallery and the School Jangdokdae Gallery will display important contents. Through these, participating students and residents will once again grasp the gravity of the policy and how important Seouls eco-friendly meals are to children. It is anticipated that participants will learn to appreciate how eco-friendly meals are processed from farms to schools. 	There will be additional experiences, education, exhibits, and performances for the whole family to enjoy together through various programs such as vegetable stamping with vegetable surfaces dipped in paint, rice field ecosystem map drawing, succulent pot making and other natural ecology programs, and the traditional rice cake making and producer (farmer) experience. There will also be a puppet show about eating habits. 	More information and inquiries about the 2018 Seoul School  Public Meals Fair can be made to the Eco-friendly Meals Division (82-2-2133-4156) or found on the official website  (http://www..kr/)."
"	The Discover Seoul Pass Special Metropolitan Edition, a foreigner-exclusive tourism pass, provides access to 96 tourist attractions from Seoul to Gyeonggi-do and Incheon with just one card. The card will be released as a special limited edition with only 6,000 cards available on November 6, 2018.	This special edition card added in major tourist attractions (3 in Seoul, 18 in Gyeonggi-do, 9 in Incheon) in the Gyeonggi-do and Incheon areas such as Gwangmyeong Cave, Everland and the Korean Folk Village in Yongin, Songdo Central Park and the Ara Waterway Cruise in Incheon to the existing 66 tourist locations and facilities within Seoul that were accessible with the existing Discover Seoul Pass managed by the Seoul Metropolitan Government. 	The Discover Seoul Pass is a foreigner-exclusive tourism pass allowing visits to 36 popular tourist attractions in Seoul for free and receive discounts for 30 performances, beauty treatments, and cultural Hallyu experiences. The card also works as a transportation pass and can be used after loading it with money. 	The Discover Seoul Pass Special Metropolitan Edition can be used at 96 locations that includes 55 tourist attractions (originally 36) with free admission, and 41 tourist facilities (originally 30) offering discounts. 	Free admission tourist attractions (55 locations) with purchase of pass: Gwangmyeong Cave/ Hwaseong Fortress/ Korean Folk Village/ EG Shuttle Bus/ Goyang Onemount (Snow park & Water park)/ Aqua Planet Ilsan/ Incheon Ganghwa Seaside Resort/ Pocheon Art Valley/ Incheon Gyeongin Ara Waterway Cruise and more. Especially, in the Seoul area CGV (7 in Seoul) tickets, Interpark VR tickets, and Dongdaemun Latelier is included. 	Affiliated tourist facilities (41 locations) with discount benefits: Gwacheon National Science Museum/ Petite France/ Everland/ Incheon City Tour Bus/ Songdo Central Park Water Taxi/ Incheon Paradise City Cimer and more.	There will be 2,000 cards each for 24-hour passes, 48-hour passes, and 72-hour passes. Prices remain the same as existing cards being KRW 39,900 for 24-hour pass, KRW 55,000 for 48-hour pass, and KRW 70,000 for 72-hour pass. 	Website: https://www.discoverseoulpass.com/"
Seoul Lantern Festival 2018, Seouls representative festival held annually in November, will take place for 17 days from November 2 to November 18, 2018. This years festival will celebrate its 10th anniversary. This years theme is Seoul Dream, Flowing Light, and a total of 68 sets with 400 lanterns will be exhibited. The festival will stretch from Cheonggye Plaza to Supyogyo Bridge along the 1.2-km waterway for visitors to journey into Seouls past and future. In the future section, visitors will meet state-of-the-art technology in forms of drones and VR experiences. At the space with past memories will be the Jongno Streetcar, old school uniforms, and other displays of the past times. The Seoul Station lantern will be the symbolic lantern of the festivals 10th anniversary, and it will be the point of departure of new dreams and where the past and future meet.The 68 sets with 400 lanterns of the Seoul Lantern Festival 2018 will be exhibited in four sections and four themes. The lanterns will remain lit daily from 17:00-23:00, and admission is free. The festival is expected to be crowded between 18:00-20:00. Themed Space 1 The Launch Point for a New Dream (Cheonggye Plaza  Cheonggyecheon Stream entrance): Lanterns will be exhibited under Inspiration of 10 years, light of 100 years in celebration of the 10th anniversary of the Seoul Lantern Festival.Themed Space 2 Seouls Dream for the Future (Cheonggyecheon Stream entrance  Gwangtonggyo Bridge): This section will display the city of Seoul in its accomplishment of a harmony of advanced technology, man, and nature. Themed Space 3 Seouls Shining Memories (Gwangtonggyo Bridge  Jangtonggyo Bridge):  Various objects and spaces that remain in Seoul as memories have been displayed and presented for all generations to sympathize with and share stories. Themed Space 4 Seoul Filled with Traditions (Jangtonggyo Bridge  Supyogyo Bridge): This space exhibits Seouls royal houses and the life and culture of the people who dreamed of lifes riches 600 years ago. At the lower end of Gwanggyo Bridge, visitors can take part in the Lantern Festivals main event, the Wish Lantern Launch Event, where they can write their wishes and send them down Cheonggyecheon Stream. Website : http://www.seoullantern.comEvent Photos : http://english.seoul.go.kr/seoul-lantern-festival-5/?cp=4&cat=23
Koreas largest athletic competition, the National Sports Festival, will be held in Seoul as it celebrates its 100th anniversary in October, 2019. The 39th National Para Games is also scheduled to be held in Seoul in the same month. The National Sports Festival will be held from October 4-7, 2019 mainly at Jamsil Sports Complex and at 69 stadiums throughout Seoul with over 30,000 participating athletes including 17 city/province teams and 18 overseas Korean teams. The National Para Games will commence on October 15, 2019 at Jamsil Sports Complex as well as in 32 other stadiums throughout Seoul.  The games will be held for 5 days 8,500 athletes, staff and guardians are expected to take part in this sporting event.Seoul is the birthplace of the National Sports Festival and is also the host of the event on/for its 100th anniversary. The competition that connects a century of history with the future of sports will be held under the theme of Peace, harmony and moving sports festival created by Seoul citizens. The competition emblem and mascot that encompass the significance of the 100th competition and its celebration in Seoul were also announced.Unlike previous National Sports Festivals, Seoul plans to place emphasis on highlighting the role and significance of the National Sports Festival throughout the one-hundred-year history of sports in Korea as well as the promotion of taking a step forward as a friendly competition for all people to engage in. North Korean athletes will take part in this upcoming event in hopes that the National Sports Festival will establish amicable relations on the Korean peninsula. To ensure success of the competition in gathering the capacity of the 10 million citizens through the Organizing Committee and Citizen Committee, Seoul has chosen five major areas for promotion and preparations for the competition:  the 100th commemorative sports festival that connects history with future,  a peaceful North-South sports festival that will open the way of peace on the Korean peninsula,  a citizen participatory sports festival that is created by the spirit of citizens,  a global sports festival held together with sister cities, foreigners and foreign students, and  a moving sports festival prepared to offer devoted hospitality. First, for  the 100th commemorative sports festival that connects history with future, the city plans to promote symbolic events that publicize the history and significance of a century of sports and connect history with future as a commemorative competition. Second, to actualize  a peaceful North-South sports festival that will open the way of peace on the Korean peninsula, Seoul endeavors to create a means for realistic participation of the North following the proposal for a Seoul-Pyongyang competition that was made in February 2018. Third, to promote  a citizen participatory sports festival that is created by the spirit of citizens, the city plans to advance with 29 projects in 10 fields that promote citizen participation and create a foundation of 10,000 volunteers for the event. Seoul will push forward with the torch relay that will connect citizens throughout the nation and include public figures of various fields and regions as torchbearers.  Fourth, for the realization of  a global sports festival held together with sister cities, Seoul will invite sister cities celebration teams to the opening and closing ceremonies as well as the main events in addition to the formation of a team of foreign athletes residing in Korea for rounds of extra games during the festival and offer foreigners and foreign students the opportunity to volunteer in the competition.  Fifth, to hold  a moving sports festival prepared to offer devoted hospitality, Seoul plans to offer visitors lodging and meals in addition to clean environments and convenient transportation to enjoy the tastes and interests of Seoul before safely returning home. The city will focus on safe event operations through disinfections, close observations for infectious diseases and joint inspections with related organizations of all stadiums and facilities. Seoul will promote the five major areas and hold a clock tower unveiling ceremony at Seoul Plaza on December 8, 2018 in honor of the D-300th day to countdown the days to the competition. The city will also host timely events to publicize the significance of the competition. At the Forest Trail of Ttukseom Hangang Park, visitors can enjoy the open view of Hangang Park together with a forest of cypress trees. The Healing Forest that is surrounded by 600 cypress trees offers phytoncide-filled air and a view of the Hangang River. Step out of the Healing Forest and pass the Rose Garden to arrive at Lovers Street, a path that has barely enough space for two people to walk along at the same time.  To visit the forest trail, take Exit 2 of Ttukseom Resort Station (Line 7) to pass through Ttukseom Underpass and arrive at Hangang Park.  (The 100th National Sports Festival) The number 100 of a Moebius style and the S-shaped torch that simultaneously symbolizes the S in Seoul commend the limitless advancement of Korean sports and celebrates the 100th competition in Seoul
Of all the beautiful autumn sceneries throughout Hangang Park, Seoul introduced four trails that are like treasures hidden in the city and waterside courses along the banks of Hangang River that are stained with the touch of autumn.  Nanji Reed Wind Path to enjoy both romance and campingA walking course at Nanji Hangang Park is recommended for those who want to enjoy the romance of autumn walks with camping. The Nanji Reed Wind Path is a course along Hangang River that stretches from the Gangbyeon Water Playground to the Wetland where memorable sceneries of natural ecology can be found.The Nanji Reed Wind Path can also be enjoyed with Nanji Camp. Camping in the cool autumn weather will bring romance under the clear night sky. To get to the Nanji Reed Wind Path, take Exit 1 of World Cup Stadium Station (Line 6) and go through the Pyeonghwa Park Footbridge and the Hongjecheon Stream Trail (bicycle path) to arrive at Hangang Park.  Jamwon Trail filled with the fragrance of unique pink muhly grassThe Jamwon Hangang Park Grass Garden that was formed this year presents grass of varied colors and texture to create a unique autumn scene. The brilliant, fully bloomed pink muhly that suit the autumn sunlight receives the spotlight as a hot photo zone. To visit, take Exit 4 of Jamwon Station (Line 3) and cross the Sinjamwon interchange to arrive at Hangang Park.  The colorful Cypress Ttukseom Forest Trail along a cypress forest trailAt the Forest Trail of Ttukseom Hangang Park, visitors can enjoy the open view of Hangang Park together with a forest of cypress trees. The Healing Forest that is surrounded by 600 cypress trees offers phytoncide-filled air and a view of the Hangang River. Step out of the Healing Forest and pass the Rose Garden to arrive at Lovers Street, a path that has barely enough space for two people to walk along at the same time.  To visit the forest trail, take Exit 2 of Ttukseom Resort Station (Line 7) to pass through Ttukseom Underpass and arrive at Hangang Park.  Jamsil Fish Passage Trail for children to observe the Fish TrailWalk along the waterside trail that starts near Jamsildaegyo Bridge of Jamsil Hangang Park to discover the Fish Passage Trail of Jamsil Eco Park. This trail is ideal for families to visit with children to observe the Fish Trail. Along the Fish Passage in the direction upstream are elegant reeds that dance with the wind to create a trail filled with autumn romance. This is a good spot to take photos with streams of water and golden reeds in the background. To get to the Jamsil Fish Passage Trail, take Exit 4 of Jamsillaru Station (Line 2) and cross the Jamsillaru Station interchange to arrive at Hangang Park.
Mickey Mouse will be visiting Seoul, Korea for the first time. He will arrive on November 28, 2018 and visit Seoul City Hall, join the early December tour of Seouls attractions which will include the N Seoul Tower and DDP, and meet with citizens. With ISEOULU, Seoul will post the images of Mickey Mouse on the subway, billboards, and throughout the city to publicize Mickey Mouses arrival. To welcome Mickey Mouse to Seoul, the city will collaborate with the city brand ISEOULU to launch colorful campaigns under the name of IMickey in SeoulU.The main collaboration campaign will include IMickey in SeoulU campaign video, IMickey in SeoulU brand logo collaboration, IMickey in SeoulU Santa Expedition Gift-wrapping Event, and Seoul Tour. The IMickey in SeoulU video will be played on the City Hall government offices electric bulletin board as well as on monitors throughout Lines 1-9 of Seoul Subway, electric media boards at Gwanghwamun Station, Yeouinaru Station, Chungjeongno Station, Hoehyeon Station, and Dongdaemun History & Culture Park Station, monitors owned by Seoul-affiliated organizations and autonomous government offices, and outdoor electric bulletin boards of private corporations located in Seoul City. On November 28, the day that Mickey Mouse is scheduled to arrive in Seoul, the 2018 Santa Expedition Gift-wrapping Event will be held in the Open Lounge of Seoul Citizens Hall. Wrapped gifts will be delivered to children of low-income households. Mickey Mouse will visit various different parts of Seoul including the N Seoul Tower, Dongdaemun DDP, and Gwanghwamun, and also ride the Seoul Subway on the Seoul Tour. 
Seoul will enforce the provision of high-quality eco-friendly school meals at all national and private elementary, middle and high schools in Seoul starting in 2021. This will be a step which will follow the start of eco-friendly school meal provision at elementary schools by the Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education and autonomous districts enforced in Seoul in 2011, and an extension of this provision to all students of elementary and middle schools who receive compulsory education was enforced in 2014. Essentially, all high schools will receive the benefits of eco-friendly school meals starting in 2021 through phased-in enforcements. Students of national and private elementary schools as well as global middle schools who were subjects of compulsory education but have been set aside due to financial reasons at the time will become newly eligible for support. Almost ten years since the start of eco-friendly school meal provision in 2011, over 93,000 students at 1,302 schools in Seoul will enjoy their rights to a healthy daily meal. What is an Eco-friendly school lunch? The links between health, environment, and ecology were taken into consideration to apply the principle of prevention of harmful ingredients. The production-processing-distribution processes of meal provision will be ecologically sustainable and safe, and all required expenses will be paid for by the country or autonomous districts. In particular, the percentage of eco-friendly ingredients used in high schools which have previously been excluded from receiving support for eco-friendly school meals and which therefore remained in meal quality blind spots has increased to around 70% of the eco-friendly school meal level, and it is anticipated that this will further raise the level of meal quality. Parents of students can also expect a reduction in education expenses of about 800,000 won annually.  Mayor Park Won-soon stated, It took almost ten years after the first enforcement in 2011 for all students of elementary, middle, and high schools, national and private schools, as well as alternative schools in Seoul, accredited or unaccredited, to enjoy the benefits of eco-friendly school meals. The eco-friendly school meal is also a policy based on the spirit of the Korean constitution which states that compulsory education shall be free of charge. Such phased and gradual expansion of Seouls eco-friendly school meals will write a new chapter in the history of Seoul in becoming a city of welfare and education. Considering that the annual meal cost per high school student is 800,000 won, it can be seen as a supportive policy that also relieves financial burden for parents in regards to family budget economy. We will continue to expand the provision of healthy and eco-friendly school meals as planned and without leaving a single student out.
The special exhibition, HanokHangeul, will be held from November 6 to December 2 at the Seoul Namsangol Hanok Village, featured as the last project of the year. The exhibition will address the topics of Hanoks, appropriate for the autumn season, and the pride of Korea, Hangeul, to offer a time of embracing the excellence of traditional Korean culture. The Namsangol Hanok Village was created in 1998 for the operation of various programs on the topics of traditional Korean culture and has since welcomed city resident and tourists alike, from both home and abroad. This exhibition was inspired by the characteristics of Hangeul and will present works that utilize the Korean language on the topics of Hanoks and Hangeul by seven performing artists active in the fields of dance, ceramics, and installation art.Throughout the exhibition period, the houses that were only open for experiential programming will also be open to the public for visitors to freely observe the interior of traditional housing while appreciating the art works. For more information on the 2018 HanokHangeul exhibition and other ongoing programs, please visit the Namsangol Hanok Village official website (www.hanokmaeul.or.kr), or inquire directly  to Namsangol Hanok Village (82-2-2261-0517). * Above schedule may be subject to change. 
The 5th Seoul Kimchi Festival, held under the theme of Warm Sharing, Kimchi-making in Seoul, is set to take place at Seoul Plaza and Mugyo-ro, over the course of three days from November 2-4. The festival is anticipated to attract approximately six thousand Seoul residents to produce as much as 165 tons of kimchi on site, making it the grandest festival of 2018. In addition to the community kimjang, or kimchi-making, activities in this years celebration will feature an exhibit about the history and attributes of kimchi from the local communities, as well as hands-on programs for the enjoyment of all festival-goers, including children and foreigners. The Seoul Kimjanggan, Kimchi Sangsang Playground, and other fun events and attractions are also in store as Mugyo-ro transforms into Kimchi Street with kimchi from all parts of the country, kimjang ingredients, and kimchi-featured recipes for everyone in attendance.  Kimchi-making (Nov. 2-4, 14:00-17:00)Six thousand residents are anticipated to gather for three days at Seoul Plaza to prepare 165 tons of salted cabbage. All kimchi will be delivered to neighbors in need before the approaching of the cold winter. Everyone visiting the festival at Seoul Plaza can participate in the hands-on kimchi-making zone.  Seoul Kimjanggan (Nov. 2-4, 11:00-18:00)The large air dome, Seoul Kimjanggan, set for installation at Seoul Plaza, will be an area for hands-on kimchi programs, which had received positive response the previous year. This years Kimjanggan program will be divided into Seoul Kimjanggan 1, featuring improved demonstrations and exhibits, and Seoul Kimjanggan 2, offering lectures and experiential programming. Seoul Kimjanggan 1 will be featuring 100 Kimchi Varieties, Kimchi Museum & Kimjanggan of Masters where Koreas kimchi masters and experts will recreate ancient pickled vegetables that kimchi originated from, kimchi of the Joseon Kingdom, and whole cabbage kimchi from present-day Jeolla-do, and Gyeongsang-do provinces, as well as and Joseon Kingdoms Hamgyong-do Province, and the traditional recipe from Pyongyang.Seoul Kimjanggan 2 will offer more experiential programming for visitors of all ages to enjoy, from the Kimchi Chef Contest, where people select the best kimchi chef, the Kimjanggan of Chefs, where participants learn kimchi recipes from professional chefs, to the Kimjanggan of Foreigner that teaches foreigners the history and culture of kimchi, together with hands-on kimchi-making.  Kimchi Sangsang Playground and Production Performance (Nov. 2-4, 11:00-18:00)There will be various activities and performances for children and their families to experience the culture of kimchi, where visitors experience the process of kimchi-making and familiarize themselves with kimchi through activities at the Kimchi Sangsang Playground. There will also be performances on the topic of kimchi with kimchi fairies telling stories of kimchi while providing children the opportunity to partake in activities, such as making kimchi models and the participatory performance of Mixing Festival, where a shrimp pianist, dancing garlic, and other vegetables, gather for a merrily dance with children. Kimchi Sikdorak, Kimchi Street (Nov. 3-4, 11:00-18:00)Mugyo-ro will transform into Kimchi Street for two days on November 3 and4, where the Paldo Kimchi Market will open for visitors to purchase ingredients and special kimchi from different regions at lower prices than other markets, along with the Kimchi Fusion Food Trucks that also provide unique fusion cuisine using kimchi. For more information about the programs and scheduling of the Seoul Kimchi Festival, please visit the official website (www.seoulkimchifestival.com), or inquiry directly to the Seoul Kimchi Festival Operation Secretariat (82-2-337-9897). <<< Click for 5th Seoul Kimchi Festival Brochure (PDF) >>>
In light of weather center predictions of the peak foliage season to arrive in Seoul by early-November, Seoul introduces the 90 Seoul Foliage Trails that can be enjoyed within the citys vicinity. The 90 Seoul Foliage Trails stretch a total of 150.95 km, with familiar zelkova trees, ginkgo trees, cherry blossoms, and beautiful metasequoia along the trails numbering approximately sixty-thousand. Seoul introduces four themed trails for people to enjoy this fall to help them break away from the rush of everyday life:  foliage trails along water,  foliage trails for outings,  foliage trails in the park, and  foliage trails for walks.More information on the 90 Seoul Autumn Trails can be seen on the Seoul Metropolitan Government website at http://www.seoul.go.kr/story/autumn.Trail sections draped in fallen leaves will be left as is to the extent that traffic is not obstructed from October 29 to mid-November to let trail-goers feel that crisp crunch of the leaves under their feet.  Gwanaksan Mountain is one of the locations in Seoul where autumn leaves reach their peak the earliest, and the 1 km section at the entrance of Gwanaksan Mountain, nearby the main entrance of Seoul National University, is a broad trail providing easy access for wheelchairs and strollers. There are several resting areas along the trail, as well, including the Library in the Woods.  Walk amid the zelkova trees at the Seodaemun Ansan Trail to discover the magnificent Metasequoia Forest Trail. There are many foliage trails at Bukhansan Mountain, featuring the stunning scenery of 4.19-gil and Insubong-gil in Gangbuk-gu. 
Seoul will arrange opportunities for influential journalists, who maintained the publics trust, and social influencers that demonstrate powerful leverage online, to experience the multitudinous of Seoul for themselves.
Seoul produced seven advertisements with global boy-band sensation, BTS, to help introduce the appeal and tourist-friendly nature of Seoul. The related contents will be revealed consecutively all over the world starting October 22, via television, YouTube, Facebook, and Instagram. The slogan of the seven advertisements incorporates Live Seoul like I do, a message inviting viewers to embrace life in Seoul as a Seoulite would, while the concept is defined as My Seoul Playlist, through which BTS introduces the appealing side of Seoul. Each of the seven advertisements will feature the seven themes pertaining to cuisine, relaxation, sightseeing, entertainment, enjoyment, shopping, and things to do, which were all previously determined through an analysis of tastes and interests among tourists.
Seoul is scheduled to hold the Seoul International Social Conference 2018 on the eighth floor of the Conference Hall of Seoul City Hall from October 25-26. In line with the theme, Communication, made by the people, the Seoul International Social Conference 2018 will include the Seoul Social Conference on October 25, the first day of the conference, followed by the Seoul City Brand Forum on October 26. There will be lectures and discussions by domestic and foreign communications specialists and influencers on the topic of social media and city brands that have become a vital means of communication by the people. The Seoul International Social Conference will open on the first day, focalizing upon the discussion on the essence of communication, rather than the media. The conference will deliver a soft yet impactful message on communication, a relatable keyword that all city residents are engaged in, no matter the field.   There will be lectures and discussions by eight specialists within the fields of platform, contents, and future, throughout the three sessions of the conference. Participants will gain insight into stories told from different perspectives about communication that will lead to future communication, representing the core of the Fourth Industrial Revolution. The Seoul City Brand Forum will follow up opening day to commemorate the 3rd anniversary of ISEOULU, presenting an opportunity for the search of a means of communication between city brands and residents alike through lectures by local specialists providing varied takes under the theme of Your city, my city.    There will be eight specialist lectures over the course three sessions, including a keynote address. Each session will be comprised of an academic session, case presentation by city, and roundtable discussions. Participants will gain an in-depth insight into the future direction of city branding, together with specialists.   Cases of urban and provincial branding will also be shared with the aim of seeking out a city brand development plan that enables public-centered communication. In addition to presentations, public participatory events, including a performance by an a cappella group and the operation of a photo zone, will offer fun and enjoyment to participants. Detailed information about the conferences participating speakers and programs can be found on the Seoul International Social Conference 2018 website (http://www.seoulsc.co.kr). The conference is open to the public free of charge, however advanced registration online is required in order to attend. Online registration is available till October 24 through the Seoul International Social Conference 2018 website.Website: http://www.seoulsc.co.krInquiries: Conference Secretariat  82-2-772-9317
Seoul will host the Korean jewelry shopping festival, The 3rd Jewelry Week for 16 days from October 16  31. The 2018 Jewelry Week will comprise of three events  The 2019 S/S TRADESHOW Generation Next_ Seoul with an overseas buyers meeting and a collaborative jewelry showroom There will be a collaborative showroom that will showcase over 200 jewelry prototypes by 40 enterprises that were selected through Seouls jewelry prototype production support project in addition to an Asian and European buyers meeting with 100 fashion brands.  2018 Seoul International Jewelry Conference for all notable figures of the world jewel distribution market  At the conference, participants will discuss the new direction of the diamond industry and trends of the Asian colored jewelry market. Ring Week in Seoul, sales promotion event for jewelry recognition as a fashion item Ring Week in Seoul, the main event of 2018 Jewelry Week, will be open for 13 days from October 19  31. At this event, which aims at eliminating the stereotype jewelry is expensive and expanding the culture of jewelry as fashion 50 enterprises will take part to operate a market where visitors can purchase rings and other jewelry. This event will be an opportunity to introduce various and reasonable product information of jewelry to consumers. For more information on events regarding online shopping malls and jewelry shops based in Seoul that will be a part of Jewelry Week, visit the Jewelry Week website (www.jewelryweek.co.kr). 
Seoul will install trial disposable cup collection bins on streets with Starbucks Coffee Korea, the Ministry of Environment, and the Korea Zero Waste Movement Network to increase recovery of disposable cups on streets. Seoul plans to install 17 bins in the tourist congested areas of Itaewon, vicinities of universities, Gwanghwamun, and other areas with floating populations located within the four districts of Jongno-gu, Yongsan-gu, Dobong-gu, and Dongjak-gu upon request by the end of this year. Seoul will collect disposable cups and manage the collection bins through help of the autonomous districts. Starbucks will be responsible for the production, first installments, and repairs of these collection bins. A portion of the sales profit of tumblers and multi-use cups will be invested as funds. Seoul plans to continuously confer with autonomous districts and Starbucks regarding the design and management of the collection bins. Amidst the announcement of the comprehensive plan for Seoul with no disposable plastic, which aims at reducing use of disposable plastics by 50%, and achieve 70% recycling between September 2018 and the year 2022, this trial project will allow for easier collection and sorting of disposable cups to increase the percentage of recycled items.In addition to the installment of the disposable cup collection bins, Seoul and Starbucks will operate disposable item-free trial stores where disposable items will not be offered to customers along with other plans to reduce use of disposable items.
Seoul revealed its goal to reduce use of disposable plastics by 50% and achieve up to 70% recycling by the year 2022 through the Seoul Without Disposable Plastic project.Seoul plans to hold trial operations after the temporary opening in preparations for its official opening next spring. During the trial operation period, the states of local and foreign plants will be minutely observed to ensure stable settlement of the plants, and citizen opinions will be collected for any improvements or supplementations required for operation. All disposable plastics will be removed from public institutions as to set an example. Seoul-affiliated organizations currently do not use disposable items in office buildings, and this will be implemented on civil consignment organizations by 2019. Starting next January, Seoul government office buildings will limit entrance of employees and citizens holding disposable cups and will install a temporary collection bin at each entrance to realize government office buildings with no disposable products. Sports facilities, parks, and public sites will also practice reduction of disposable products. For shops, restaurants, and food trucks at sports facilities and parks, recycling bins will be installed at each location or permission to use disposable plastics must be acquired beforehand. Under the foundation of leading practice of public organizations, five disposable items used most commonly in daily lifecups, straws, plastic bags, delivery utensils, dry cleaning coverswill be selected and publicized to civic organizations to induce changes in the lifestyle of citizens. Five individuals from each autonomous district, who will be resource circulation leaders for educating and publicizing reduction of disposable items and enforcement of recycling, will be selected annually for a total of 500 individuals to be trained by 2022. There will be the additional trial project, the Resource Circulation School, centered around Seoul Upcycling Plaza that will include education for youths to reduce disposable items, facility field trips and experiences.In addition to leads by public organizations and the citizen practice campaign, the project will be expanded to civil organizations to manage use of disposable items at distribution centers, franchises, and other venues with heavy use of disposable items. Business operators of legally permitted businesses and goods must conclude a relay voluntary practice agreement for the reduction of disposable items and to induce voluntary participation and practice of the public. A collection and selection system and facilities will be expanded for maximized recycling of used disposable items. This will first be implemented in areas with single houses where recycled items are collected together, so that there will be specific days on which plastics will be collected and recycled. Public infrastructure will be fortified through establishment and enlargement of recycling centers in autonomous districts while vehicles that collect recycled items will be replaced and automatic recycled items collectors and recycling equipment will be improved.Public buildings, autonomous recycling centers, subway stations, and other unused spaces will be used to recreate an uncycling exhibit, experiences, a DIY shop and more for the creation of a Re&Up Cycle area and for the expansion of a recycling and upcycling culture. This will be centered around Seoul Upcycling Plaza located in Yongdap-dong, Seongdong-gu, Seoul. 
Seoul Botanic Park will hold a six-month trial period following its temporary opening on October 11th and before its official opening in May of next year. Seoul plans to hold trial operations after the temporary opening in preparations for its official opening next spring. During the trial operation period, the states of local and foreign plants will be minutely observed to ensure stable settlement of the plants, and citizen opinions will be collected for any improvements or supplementations required for operation. During the trial operation period, all areas of Seoul Botanic Park will be open for free, and matter of payment for admission into the greenhouse and other facilities will be determined after considerable discussion and collection of opinions from citizens and experts. Seoul Botanic Park combines a park where citizens can enjoy rest and leisure with a botanic garden where plants are exhibited and visitors can learn to create a botanic park. Its total area is 504,000 , which is roughly the size of 70 soccer fields (7,140  each), 2.2 times the size of Yeouido Park (229,000 ) and approximately the size of Seoul Childrens Grand Park (536,000 ). Seoul Botanic Park currently retains around 3,100 species of plants and plans to secure up to 8,000 species for collection, exchange, research, and propagation. Seoul Botanic Park is directly connected to Magongnaru Station of Line 9 and the Airport Railroad (Exits 3, 4), which allows for fine accessibility. The park is located 30 minutes from Gangnam (Sinnonhyeon Station) and 40 minutes from Incheon International Airport.The Theme Garden that features an outdoor theme park and the Plant Culture Center (greenhouse, learning culture space) that exhibits 12 urban plants from around the world will be open from 09:00-18:00 while other sections will remain open around-the-clock.
To celebrate the 3rd anniversary of ISEOULU: The Seoul brand created by citizens, Seoul will hold a photo event with ISEOULU. Participants can take a photo at one of the ISEOULU locations installed at 14 Seouls attractions and attend the ISEOULU 3rd anniversary event at Seoul Plaza on October 28th to take part in the event.Participants will be given complimentary Seoul brand promotion souvenirs at Seoul Plaza. After confirmation of photo and a simple ISEOULU survey, participants will spin a wheel to receive the souvenir. There will also be exciting performances, photo time with Haechi and various citizen participatory programs.<14 locations with  symbol > Seoul Plaza, Seoul Grand Park, World Cup Park, Seoul Childrens Grand Park, Yeouido Hangang Park, Dream Forest, Seoul Forest, Oil Tank Culture Park, Seoul Citizens Hall, Seoul Science Center, Seoul Upcycling Plaza, Seoul Startup Hub, Donuimun Museum Village, Sewoon Again
Come enjoy a fall picnic with family, friends, and lovers while walking your dogs at the World Cup Park on two Saturdays, October 13th and 20th, and enjoy breathing in the scent of autumn. This event will feature 10 abandoned dogs that have been listed as abandoned  lost pets, abandoned animals that received emergency treatment after being rescued by the city of Seoul and pets under urgent care by the deaths of their guardians at Seoul Animal Care Center.At this event, a part of Seouls abandoned animal adoption cultural event, citizens who are not ready to adopt, but want to spend time with animals will be given the opportunity to do so through a walk in the park. Citizens who want to participate in the Fall Picnic with Dogs event can register online at Seoul Reservation for Public service website (http://yeyak.seoul.go.kr). Residents can register alone or with family members, friends, and lovers. Minors must be accompanied by a guardian. To ensure adequate rest for animals, there will be two scheduled sessions on both the 13th and 20th at 13:00 and 15:00. Six teams per session, total of 24 teams, will be accepted on a first come, first served basis.This event on the 13th and the 20th at the World Cup Dog Park will have volunteers who will guide and accompany each team for the safety of all participants. Participating residents may also receive Polaroid service with the autumn park scenery as the background to treasure their memories with the dogs. In addition to the walks, an adoption event will be held at the World Cup Dog Park from noon to 4 p.m. Citizens who did not take part in walking dogs can also visit the Dog Park to meet abandoned dogs waiting to be taken home to their new families. 
Seoul Grand Park will have the Art Museum in the Zoo from October 9-21 under the theme of Folk Painting Meets the Zoo that will include an animal illustration exhibit in folk painting and an animal mask ball performance and other events.Ninety-six animal-themed folk paintings will unfold at the Entrance Plaza and the Carnivore Enclosure. In front of the Carnivore Enclosure, where a Siberian tiger was born in May 2018 visitors will encounter 22 tiger-themed paintings.Animal Mask Ball(Centennial Square  Zoo Entrance Plaza, 2 sessions/day (1st session 14:00, 2nd session 16:00 / Each session: 40 min.))Put on your animal masks and come enjoy the exciting swing dance performances. Thirty swing dance experts will parade from the Centennial Square to the Zoo Entrance Plaza twice a day to show off their swing dance moves. A variety of fun experiential programs (Zoo Entrance Plaza)There will be various experiential programs such as making animal masks, wood-printing, etc. for visitors to fully enjoy Art Museum in the Zoo. Families are welcome to color and better understand folk paintings, and add more fun being at the zoo. Families can color folk paintings to better understand and enjoy attractions at the zoo. Making animal masks (500 people daily on first come, first served basis)Put on your own animal mask and tour the zoo for a memorable experience. Participants can paint their animal masks with folk painting paint to create stylish masks.Folk painting woodprint experience (200 people daily on first come, first served basis)Participants can paint ink and use hanji (Korean traditional paper) to decorate woodprints engraved with animals and plants in folk paintings. Zoo in a handkerchief (300 people daily on first come, first served basis)Participants can use animal pattern stencils and stamps to decorate their very own handkerchiefs. Take part in the experience to make beautiful handkerchiefs decorated with happy animals.  Build birdhouses and make wishes (100 people daily on first come, first served basis)A program painting birdhouses will be available to accomplish the goal of helping birds that live in the rich nature of Seoul Grand Park get through the winter. Participants will paint completed birdhouses and hang messages of hope which will then be dried and hung on trees around Seoul Grand Park Lake Promenade. This will be a meaningful experience for participants to take part in an activity supporting animals.
Pink muhly and another 25 species of perennial plants are in full bloom in Grass Garden, a garden of about 6,000  was built in Jamwon Hangang Park, Seoul.Hangang Rivers Grass Garden is an unusual garden made up of various colors of grass, different from the usual flower gardens that can easily be seen. It offers a variety of landscapes over the seasons with its perennial plants that change colors and textures.Unlike the usual silver grass, this particular Pink Muhly theme garden is coated in a uniform layer of pink. The Pink Muhly theme garden newly unveiled itself by the Hangang River and is known for its beautiful atmosphere. It is a perfect spot to take pictures in autumn, and is expected to attract the attention of both domestic and foreign tourists. Subway: Jamwon station, Exit 4 > Jamwon Hanshin Apartment > Hangang Park Sinjamwon IC > Grass Garden Bus: Take Blue bus 143, 362, or Green bus 4318 and get off at Jamwon Hanshin Apartment
Seoul will launch a pilot project for the installation of emergency sanitary pad dispensers in ten public restrooms starting October 8th in order to ease the inconveniences that women may face in everyday life and promote womens health rights. The ten locations at which these dispensers will be installed are: Gwangjin Youth Center, Guro Youth Center, Seoul Metropolitan Library, Seoul Science Center, Seoul Museum of Art, Seoul Museum of History, Buk Seoul Museum of Art, Seoul Womens Plaza, Jungbu Womens Development Center, and the Taiwha Christian Community Center.There will be two types of emergency sanitary pad dispensers:  a lever-system dispenser that offers free sanitary pads, and  a coin dispenser that offers free sanitary pads upon insertion of a coin received at the Information Desk. The dispenser types to be used at each facility were determined based on countermeasures regarding the possibility of abuse.The installation of emergency sanitary pad dispensers in public facility restrooms is a matter that was continuously requested by citizens. This is reflective of the heightened social interest about public sanitary pad dispensers, as a direct outcome of the international trend and New Yorks announcement regarding the supply of free tampons in state schools. A collection of citizens opinions from June showed that 92% (1,350 votes) responded in favor to the installation of free sanitary pad dispensers in public facilities. Seoul City plans to provide facilities with dispensers, sanitary pads, coins and posters for the pilot project. It will also collect data on daily sanitary pad use along with the citizens feedback in cooperation with the applicable facilities in order to undertake an analysis of the results at the end of the year. An operating manual will also be published and distributed by the end of the year to promote the installation of emergency sanitary pad machines. The emergency sanitary pad supply pilot project will operate either free dispensers or free coin dispensers.
   Free dispenser: With no payment necessary, simply turn the lever to receive a free sanitary pad.
   Free coin dispenser: Receive a coin at the Information Desk, insert it into the coin slot and turn the lever to receive a sanitary pad.
In honor of the 600-year anniversary of King Sejongs enthronement and the 572nd anniversary of Hangeul Day, the city of Seoul will host an event from October 6 to 14 that will shine a light on the changes that the influence and value of the Korean language has brought upon Seoul and its citizens.The event will begin on October 6th with a proclamation ceremony for Hangeul week at Seoul Citizens Hall. This exhibit will comprise three themes: various cases of communal languages that were improved in Seoul, cultural property signs that were revised to help citizens better understand, and the linguistic differences between the two Koreas as a stepping stone towards a mature inter-Korean exchange. The exhibit will prove significant in that it is the result of cooperation between the National Institute of Korean Language and Korean language groups.On October 9, Hangeul Day, a citizen flower offering event for King Sejong the Great (Gwanghwamun Square) and a surprise flash mob celebrating Hangeul Day will take place around Hongdae and Seoullo 7017. The Hangeul Playground that is scheduled to open at Seoul Citizens Hall will offer Hangeul curling for the whole family to enjoy on the holiday, together with many other experiential activities for citizens.
The <2018 Seoul Street Arts Festival> will be held throughout Seoul at Seoul Plaza, Gwanghwamun Square, Sejong-daero, Donuimun Museum Village and Namsangol Hanok Village for four days from October 4-7. Artist teams representing ten countries including France, Spain, Poland, England, and Belgium will partake in the festival to debut a total of 46 street art performances. At Seoul Plaza will be large midair performances by over 200 citizens and artists, and in front of the Seoul Metropolitan Library will be enthralling diving performances to showcase to the public. On 20 large blocks installed at Gwanghwamun Square there will be fused, enrapturing dance and circus performances.On the last day of the festival, Sejong-daero will close its 11 lanes to create a car-free zone and become a large-scale stage and playground for public participation. Participants will not want to miss out on street art activities like domino making with large paper boxes, chalk drawing on the asphalt, storytelling bus exclusively for children, and circus experiences that include tightrope walking and juggling that can only be enjoyed this one day of the year. The theme of this years festival is Unity in Differences. Participating teams will not perform separately but will perform in collaboration in groups of local and overseas teams together with resident artists, community groups, and general citizens, and each performance will be connected and unified in omnibus form.Main programs of the 2018 Seoul Street Arts Festival include the  Opening Program,  Closing Program,  33 officially invited productions and 13 free participation productions,  citizen artists,  Lets play with Gildong designed by volunteers, and  the 2018 Seoul Street Arts Festival International Forum.More information about the festival is available at the Seoul Foundation for Arts and Cultures Seoul Street Arts Festival website (www.ssaf.or.kr). 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will open phase 3 of subway Line 9 on December 1, 2018, which is set to include eight stations from Samjeon Station to VHS Medical Center Station. Once phase is operable, mobility around the city is anticipated to drastically improve. The travel time from Gimpo International Airport Station to Olympic Park Station, in particular, will be reduced to 50 minutes or less without the need to transfer, rewarding travelers with an extra 22 minutes to spare. In preparation for the line 9 extension opening, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is to conduct trial operations from October 7. On account of schedule changes following initial trial operations, it is advisable to check the timetable in advance and note that passengers are not allowed to embark at any of phase 3 stations during this period.Once trial operations commence, service will be extended by 8.9km with a reduction in operation frequency during the weekday from 502 to 458, and 416 to 388 on the weekends. Accordingly, service intervals will increase approximately from 0.6 minutes to 1.5 minutes during the morning rush hours. Outside of these hours, both regular and express train service intervals are to also increase by one minute each. Please refer to the amended timetables located on Line 9 subway platforms and waiting rooms.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will build seven new pedestrian paths from Seoullo 7017 branching out into neighboring urban regeneration areas, including Seogye-dong, Jungnim-dong, Hoehyeon-dong, Huam-dong, and Seosomun-dong. Seoullo 7017, in its initial phase, was designed to convert an old highway overpass into a walkway in order to connect the eastern and western areas of Seoul Station. This second phase of the project is meant to promote the positive effects of urban regeneration and the vitality of local economies toward neighborhoods. The project essentially seeks to connect severed roads with greenery while incorporating diversified business models, taking into account the varied conditional and environmental factors. Some activities include the remodeling to better connect buildings, creating greener alleyways, increasing the number of backstreet cafs, and extending walkways.Descriptions of the seven new walkways comprised of Jungnim 1-gil, Jungnim 2-gil, Seogye 1-gil, Seogye 2-gil, Huam 1-gil, Huam 2-gil, and Hoehyeon 1 & 2-gil, are provided below:Jungnim 1-gil ( 810m): From Yakhyeon Catholic Church to Chungjeongno Station, there are many antique houses and alleyways, demonstrating this areas potential to become historically and culturally distinctive in the urban center of Seoul.Jungnim 2-gil ( 790m): Passing through relatively large apartment buildings, this woodland path leads to Chungjeongno Station.Seogye 1-gil ( 780m): Across narrow streets, vintage homes, and traditional Korean housing, the road leads from Malli Market to Hyochang Park. Along the way, you can catch a glimpse of the historical sewing culture in the Seoul station vicinity. Seogye 2-gil ( 1,100m): Stretching from Cheongpa Childrens Park, the National Theater Company of Korea, and Cheongpa Hill, this area has a variety of historical and cultural uniqueness, featuring old sewing factories, beaten paths, Japanese-style housing, and more.Huam 1-gil ( 1,300m): This walkway runs toward Yangdong Park and Huam Market behind Seoul Square, capturing the historical flow of time over the years. Huam 2-gil ( 1,400m): From varied paths, inclusive of Seoullo and Sowol-ro City Wall, this road leads all the way to Namsan Mountain. The walkway is too steep to be suitable for walking, so it is in need of some road maintenance and improvement. Hoehyeon 1 & 2-gil ( 1,400m): With plenty of modern and contemporary architectures, such as Hoehyeon Post Office, incorporated with colonial Japanese-style housing, visitors can take in the unique atmosphere fused together with the areas resplendent history and culture.The seven designated architects, in particular, will respectively orchestrate each of the seven walkways to be built, an unprecedented move in the city of Seoul. Every vital resource, including alleyways, buildings, landmarks, and public open spaces, will be taken into account as the seven architects establish a general master plan for entire project. They are also responsible for long-term sustainable preservation through constant communication and mutual consultation together with local residents, public institutions, and pertinent filed specialists. 
In celebration of the Chuseok holiday, Seoul will be implementing a special transport policy measure during Chuseok to promote the safety and comfort of residents across the city.Subways and buses will operate later than usual for those returning to Seoul during the late hours of the night. The urban expressway traffic forecast service will also assist in dispersing traffic volume, while the operating hours of bus-only lanes will be extended for the purpose of a faster and more convenient traffic flow.On September 24, the actual day of Chuseok, and September 25, subways and buses will run until 02:00am in anticipation of the majority of people returning home. All nine subway lines, in addition to the Ui-Sinseol Line, are scheduled to operate until 02:00am, based on the arrival time at the final destination. Given that the departure times of the last train vary, depending on respective stations and destinations, it is advisable to check for any notices or announcements at each station in advance. During the same period, some intercity buses will extend service time until 02:00am as well. The extended service time is applicable to buses with 129 lines, making stops through train stations, including Seoul Station, Yongsan Station, Yeongdeungpo Station, Cheongnyangni Station, and Suseo Station, and four bus terminals, including Seoul Express Bus Terminal, Dong Seoul Bus Terminal, Nambu Bus Terminal, and Sangbong Bus Terminal. The buses will operate until 02:00am based on the arrival time at the final destination of the major train stations and bus terminals. Buses including two or more stops of the stations or terminals will also operate according to final destination time of arrival. Owl Buses, nine subway lines, and more than 2,800 night taxis, will be available throughout this holiday season to facilitate a more convenient transportation system in downtown Seoul, even late at night. It is recommended to refer to Seouls big-data driven traffic forecast service prior to planning your route of travel. For more detailed information, such as daily/hourly congestions or the estimated time of travel, please visit the Seoul Transport Operation and Information Service (TOPIS) at http://topis.seoul.go.kr.
Over the Chuseok holiday season from September 22 to September 26, the Seoul Metropolitan Government installed an emergency treatment center to provide more convenient access for city residents to hospitals, medical services, and pharmacies while also operating designated emergency treatment and on-call medical treatment centers in the case of emergency, as well as the operation of pharmacies. 67 emergency medical treatment centers and general hospital emergency rooms will provide 24-hour service. However, it is advisable to confirm the operation hours of on-call medical treatment centers prior to visitation. Information on vicinity hospitals or pharmacies available over the holidays is easily accessible via phone, the Internet, or mobile applications, while also being accessible via the websites of the 119 Emergency Control Center, the Seoul Metropolitan Government and city borough offices, and the National Emergency Medical Center. You can also get the information by calling 119 or 120 Dasan Seoul Call Center. Additionally, the mobile application, e-gen, offers information on emergency medical treatment. Four types of household medicines, including digestives, fever and pain relievers, cold medicine, and pain relief patches, are readily at hand in 7,252 designated OTC drug stores and convenience stores (please refer to the Seoul Metropolitan Government website  OTC drugs).
"From Oct. 3-9, 2018, Seoul City is set to host the 2018 Seoul Garden Show for seven days at Yeouido Park. This years event will be held with the theme of Seoul Picnic, with a variety of distinct programs that require citizens participation to allow citizens to stay well rested amid their busy everyday lives.	Garden Tour with Commentary! where Stories AboundWith in-depth commentary on gardens that will bring people closer to plants, the <Garden Tour with Commentary> will be held eight times a day every day during Oct. 4  Oct. 9, 2018, from 10:30 until 17:00.On a breezy fall day, commentators will tell various stories of plants, garden designs, etc. in a corner of Yeouido Garden in the middle of the city. Admission to the <Garden Tour with Commentary> is free of charge and everyone is welcome to participate. For more details, please visit the Seoul Garden Show website (http://festival.seoul.go.kr/garden). 	Making Family Potted Plants<Making Family Potted Plants> is a green activity family program that has been in operation since 2013 to bring citizens together and form a consensus on the need to plant flowers and trees, and it has become a part of the Seoul Garden Show from 2015. This year on Oct. 6 from 12:00 to 14:00, an experiential planting session will be held to demonstrate the planting of air purification plants for the elimination of fine dust, for two hours on the Main Stage of Yeouido Park Grass Plaza.	Experiencing Fine French DessertSeoul City is planning to host one of its special programs entitled <Table Set in the Garden> on the Korean National Holiday of Oct. 7, from 12:00 to 14:30 on the Main Stage of Yeouido Park Grass Plaza.In particular, <Table Set in the Garden> will introduce citizens with familiar herbs that people find hard to grow, giving instructions on how to plant and take care of them, as well as providing citizens with experience in cooking simple dishes using the herbs. Participation is free of charge. For more information, please visit the Seoul Garden Show website (http://festival.seoul.go.kr/garden). "
From September 18  20, Seoul will be using whatever available means to instill a peaceful atmosphere throughout the city surrounding the opening of the Inter-Korean Summit in Pyeongyang, North Korea. The Seoul Metropolitan Library building will be adorned with a large banner while the 25 district government office buildings are to be decorated, as well, with the Korean Unification Flag. The Seoul Square Media Facade, located adjacent to the Seoullo 7017, will also be displaying video footage capturing the harmonious imagery of the Korean Unification Flag, doves, and the handshaking of figures, in addition to the main stairway of the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts being wrapped in a message that advocates the yearning for a unified Korea. Unification flags are also to be hung along the Sejong-daero and other major thoroughfares. Large LED screens will be set up at the Seoul Plaza, in addition to the south end of Gwanghwamun Square and the Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP), so that everyone has a chance to witness, in real time, the historical moments of the summit as it unfolds. The flowerbed located at the south end of the Seoul Plaza will have its flowers and vegetation sculpted in reproduction of the unification flag. Additionally, in front of the statue of Admiral Yi Sun-Shin at Gwanghwamun Square, the much talked about blue footbridge, where President Moon and Chairman Kim joined in conversation with one another at the Panmunjom during the previous Inter-Korean Summit last April, will be recreated as it was on that momentous day. Visitors from around the city will be able to take pictures as they personally identify with the significance of the historical events that had transpired. Seoul is scheduled to operate an international press center at the DDP, amid efforts to promote an ambience of peace on the peninsula, as the citizens gather in hope of a successful, the 3rd Inter-Korean Summit.Seoul resident-centered marketing, participatory programs, and support for international press conferences, are among the main activities that the Seoul City will be operating in promotion of a triumphant summit. 
The Seouls Catholic Pilgrimage Route was proclaimed as Asias first official international pilgrimage site by the Vatican. The recognition as an international pilgrimage site It was made official at the proclamation ceremony sponsored by the Archdiocese of Seoul with attendance of the archbishop of the Vatican.Seoul connected a section of the pilgrimage route of the total 44.1-km Catholic Pilgrimage Route in the city with neighboring tourist sites to complete the three walking tour courses, Seoul pilgrimage route with commentary. For example, the Bukchon Pilgrimage Route begins at the Site of the Gwanghwamun Beatification and connects to Jogyesa Temple and Gahoe-dong Catholic Church, and the Hangang Pilgrimage Route starts at Mapo Station with its Mapo Food Street and connects to Jeoldusan Martyrs Shrine.The three Seoul pilgrimage route with commentary courses are comprised of Bukchon Pilgrimage Route (3km, total 2 hours) Seosomun Pilgrimage Route (4.5km, total 3 hours) and Hangang Pilgrimage Route (4km, total 2.5 hours). These are courses lasting 2-3 hours for peaceful walks with in-depth commentaries by Seoul tourism commentators that are open to both Catholics and common tourists to enjoy without aversion to religion.Visitors wanting to participate in the Seoul pilgrimage route with commentary can make reservations at the Seoul City Walking Tours website (http://www.visitseoul.net/). (*Available in Korean, English, Chinese and Japanese with free admission.)
Why dont we get lost in music by relaxing in nature in the autumn forest where the cool wind blows? The Seoul Metropolitan Government will be holding the Fall Music Picnic at the Yangjae Citizens Forest Park every Saturday from Sept. 15 (Saturday) to Oct. 13 (Saturday). 
Seoul Metropolitan Government has set September 16 as Seoul Car-Free Day and the week of September 10  16 as Seoul Car-Free Week.This years Seoul Car-Free Day event was pushed forward a week from the original September 22 date, in consideration of the Chuseok holidays.Seoul is planning to open a relay event and campaign for the reduced driving of private cars and active use of public transportation systems including subways and buses in order to reduce air pollution from cars and cut down on greenhouse gases during the Car-Free Week.Seoul Car-Free Day will be held on the 16th from 7 am until 8 pm at the Car-Free Street Sejong-daero (from Gwanghwamun to Seoul Plaza). Citizens wanting to go to the Car-Free Street during this time will have to come by public transportation. Differing from last year, this year will be holding a no-power parade through City Hall  Sejong-daero Sageori  Jongno 1-ga  Euljiro 1-ga  Sungnyemun Gate  City Hall from 11:10 until 12 during which there will be traffic control.There will also be various events and programs that the whole family, from children to elderly, can enjoy including a citizen walk, anniversary ceremony, putting the environmentally-friendliness label, drawing pictures on reused large banners, no-power parade, environment and culture festival, stage performances, and 40 experiential booths.The events will end with the environment and culture festival. It will be held from 4:30 pm, starting with a street performance from the pungmul band, along with a bubble show, fashion show with recycled, reused banners, and an environment madanggeuk ceremony on the stage.Along with this years Car-Free Day, additional agenda of holding environmentally-friendly events to minimize the use of single-use items and plastics, this year will differ from previous years in that they will not provide plastic Arisu water bottles, and will instead have Arisu water fountains installed at various locations, and participants are encouraged to bring their own bottles, cups, or tumblers.
The City of Seoul is attending Malaysias largest international tourism exhibition, MATTA Fair 2018, launching into battle to attract Malaysian tourists with Seoul citizen daily life experience marketing.Malaysia is a core Southeast Asian market with high potential for growth, with a yearly average growth rate in tourists visiting Korean of 10.3%. A total of 242,400 visitors from Malaysia visited Seoul last year.MATTA Fair 2018 will be held from September 79 at Putra World Trade Centre located in Malaysias capital Kuala Lumpur, and an independent Seoul tourism publicity booth will be operated under the concept Live Seoul Like I do. Around 110,000 people from 14 countries will be operating 1,353 booths.For the sake of this events Seoul tourism publicity, private sector-government cooperation is being pushed forward within the form of organizations related to Seoul tourism, including Espoir, SMTOWN COEX Artium, N Seoul Tower, Shinsegae Duty Free, and SunMoon, going along as well and directly consulting with local consumers.Those visiting the Seoul tourism booth can drink beverages made by a barista, watch a makeup show held at the K-Beauty Zone, learn makeup techniques and try out self-makeup at a space prepared at one side of the booth.Through VR (virtual reality), visitors can also vividly meet, some of Seouls tourist attractions, from Seoullo 7017 to Yeontral Park, Hangang Rivers Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market, and a museum with artists affiliated with SM Entertainment on display. There is also a photo wall for BTS, who are both global Hallyu idols and honorary tourism ambassadors for Seoul.Considering the markets characteristic high proportion of independent travelers, Seouls latest tourism products are also being promoted. One of them is the Discover Seoul Pass, which is a tourism pass. With only using that (one) card, it allows its holders to visit tourist sites for free and if charged, to use it as a transportation card as well, providing an opportunity to attract tourists. 
The 5th Seoul International Community Orchestra Festival (SICOF) will commence at the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts and throughout Seochon, Jongno-gu from September 8th (Sat.) to 30th (Sun.). Celebrating its fifth festival this year since 2014, the festival will include participation and performances by a total of 50 teams  49 teams of the 2018 Korean community orchestras and the Seoul International Community Orchestra (SICO) team comprised of 61 members from 29 countries. The 49 teams of the Korean community orchestras will introduce spectators to various harmonies through the special festival program Seochon Community Orchestra Festival. Performances will be centered around Seochon Village and the Chebudong Community Arts Support Center, which has opened its doors for the promotion of the community arts and orchestra genre, and retired police officers, visually impaired artist, and other community art musicians will partake in the event. The festival programs will be open to all for free.The Seoul International Community Orchestra (SICO), comprised of 61 community musicians from 29 countries worldwide, is the festivals representative orchestra, and the SICO is scheduled to perform during the festival period in a representation of each country and community. Korean members partaking in the festival can receive teaching from a presently active member of the Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra.The orchestra who were selected through YouTube last April is comprised of community art musicians from all parts of the world including a music teacher of the slums of Trinidad and Tobago, a violinist from Venezuela and a doctor of oriental medicine who plays the viola.The Seoul International Community Orchestra (SICO) will present Arirang Fantasy by the late North Korean composer Choi Sung-hwan as a flash mob performance with artists from 29 countries at the Seoul Station lounge on September 29 (Sat.) at 3 p.m. More information is available on the Seoul Foundation for Arts and Culture website (www.sfac.or.kr), and inquiries can be made to the Seoul Foundation for Arts and Culture Community Culture Project Team (+82-2-3290-7411, 7415). 
The city of Seoul was the recipient of the Milan Pact Special Mention Award, the highest honor in the global food industry, for its Urban-Rural Mutual Growth Food Provision project  a project that promotes the direct supply of local ecological ingredients to Seouls public food provisions facilities  earning it worldwide recognition on the global stage for its innovative urban food supply system.The Milan Pact Awards are awards given to cities that demonstrate outstanding performance in creating sustainable food policy and implementing the Milan Urban Food Policy Pact Framework of Action, currently participated in by as many as 163 cities in 62 countries, with cities including Paris, London, and New York. In its third year since its establishment in 2016, it recognizes organizations of excellence in a total of eight different categories.Seouls Urban-Rural Mutual Growth Food Provisions policy received especially high marks in the Food Supply and Distribution category, earning it the final vote to become this years award recipient. This project initially commenced in 2017 across the country, incorporating a public food system to the distribution network of ingredients for food provision operations, and was noted for having instilled a mutual growth between urban and rural communities through a continuous cycle of direct distribution.The ceremony was held on September 4, Tuesday, at 4 pm local time in Tel Aviv, Israel, during the 4th Annual Milan Urban Food Policy Pact Yearly Conference with delegates from 160 pact cities in attendance, as well as officials from international organizations, including the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization.The city of Seoul, Milan Pact Award recipient, bases the core of its Urban-Rural Mutual Growth Food Provisions project indirectly supplying ecological ingredients to public food provision facilities, accentuating its improvement being made upon the complications of the pre-existing distribution networks (local producers  local food provision centers  food provision facilities) by integrating the network through a system of direct supply. This resulted in the reduction of distribution expenditure, in addition to the installation of a public food supply system that guarantees a steady provision of healthy ingredients to public food facilities at an affordable price.< < < Visit Milan Urban Food Policy Pact Website > > >< < < View Milan Pact Awards 2018 Winning Practices > > >
Festival based on the theme of sharing will be held for the first time in the country with the participation of numerous companies and organizations that lead the sharing economy providing citizens with opportunities to experience the culture of sharing through various programs and events. The City of Seoul is holding the 2018 Sharing Seoul Festival for three days from September 7 (Fri) to September 9 (Sun) at Oil Tank Culture Park in Mapo.The 2018 Sharing Seoul Festival is roughly divided into three categories   Sharing Experience Program,  PerformanceExhibition, and  ForumLecture  based on the theme of Sharing turns everyday life into a festival. For the sharing experience programs, around 30 sharing economy companies and organizations specializing in electric scooters, mini electric car, power-assisted wheelchair, bus sharing, cooking, makeup, and yoga will present their specialties to share hobbies and even a bucket list with citizens and let them take part in the experiences at relevant booths. Diverse activities including controlling R/C cars, making pet tags and earrings, woodworking, and 3D dog and cat figurine coloring will be offered as well.Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market will also take place during the festival period with lines of food trucks offering a variety of foods to eat, while 20 busking teams who made it to the final rounds of the 2018 Korea Busking Contest will be performing. Engaging exhibitions and an outdoor library where citizens can read books in hammocks will also be available.Moreover, a forum with real stories on the sharing economy and back-to-back lectures by CEOs of leading sharing economy companies such as WeWork Korea (office), Airbnb (lodging), Green Car (car sharing), and MODUCOMPANY (parking lot) will be held for three days. Please visit the festivals official website (www.sharehub.kr/2018festival) or call ( 02-515-1536) for more information on and making reservations for the 2018 Sharing Seoul Festival.
From September 5, Wednesday, to September 9, Sunday, the 2018 DMC Festival, featuring several media and entertainment artists, is to be held at the Sangam Digital Media City Complex. Currently, the Digital Media City Complex is home to approximately 500 businesses with around 40,000 associates, solidifying its position as a global media cluster.The DMC Festival 2018 is set to offer a variety of events in line with three different themes, including broadcast and music festivals, featuring an all-out attendance of Hallyu stars, business-supporting events, such as trial product exhibitions and job consultations, and media conferences as well.* Sept. 5 (Wed)  Sept. 9 (Sun)  Hallyu Star Broadcast & Music Festival at DMC Sangam Culture PlazaThe DMC Sangam Culture Plaza will be hosting the 5-day long festival with broadcasting and music festivals scheduled for opening every evening. On Wednesday, the 5th, the K-pop Super Concert kicks things off with celebratory performances from such artists as Red Velvet, GFRIEND, Wanna One, Sohyang, Dynamic Duo, and more.The DJ Concert, opening on Thursday, is set to feature the complete lineup of MBC radio DJs, while on the 7th, the Mask Singers The Winner Concert will invite past show contestants on stage for a live performance, with the Korean Music Wave Concert on the 8th, scheduled to invite the elite of popular Hallyu artists. On the 9th, Sunday, the festival will wrap up with the A.M.N., or Asia Music Network, offering a variety of collaborative stages among Asian artists.* R&D Brand Trial Product Exhibitions & Various Streetside EventsThe Digital Media Street is scheduled to feature business-supporting events sponsored by the Seoul Business Agency (SBA). During the event period, there will be an exhibition of trial products from as many as 21 different R&D brands, amid other events open to the public.On Saturday (8th) and Sunday (9th), a parade and dance performances will take place featuring animation character favorites, in addition to busking by various artists to reward festival-goers with a variety of entertaining sights and fun things to do.* Sept. 5 (Wed)  Sept. 6 (Thur)  Visible Future Conference, A Glimpse into the Future from the Heart of South east AsiaOn Wednesday and Thursday, the 2018 Visible Future Conference is to be held at the MBC Open Hall, under the theme of A Glimpse into the Future from the Heart of South east Asia.Specialists from each field and global scholars will join one another to discuss a number of topics, including economic cooperation in Southeast Asia, seeking the direction of future technological development, and more. The festival will be completely open to the public. Please visit the official DMC Festival website (http://dmcfestival.com) to register to attend performances, as well as to find out other additional details.
Seoul Upcycling Plaza, Koreas largest upcycling complex culture area, is holding the Seoul Upcycling Festival during the month of September to celebrate its one-year anniversary.Seoul Upcycling Plaza opened its door in Seongdong-gu, Seoul on September 5, 2017 in order to lead an upcycling culture, fostering the upcycling industry and selling upcycled products. The plaza itself houses lifestyle workshops and exhibition halls, as well as reusable goods workshops, and more.This event is a citizen festival that will let citizens experience an upcycling culture that is applicable to food, clothing, and shelter in an exciting way, and teaches people how to incorporate it into their daily lives.Throughout the duration of the event, there will be 4 upcycling exploration/experience education programs, and an upcycling exhibition will be up for enjoyment starting from September 5th.Main events include various experience/educational programs, such as the upcycling forum opening anniversary event Resource Recirculation City, Seoul Without Plastic on the 5th, the Car Disassembling Show on the 8th that shows the sorting process of disassembled car parts, the Upcycling Design Protection Act workshop by Design Protection Act professional and Patent Attorney Kim Woong on the 7th, and the Upcycling Traditional Playground made out of upcycled materials and turned into a playground which will be open during the Chuseok holidays.Seoul Upcycling Plaza is continuing with projects of various fields to spread the upcycling culture and foster the upcycling industry, including holding citizen participation events, experience education, materials research, and product creation and service development for things using waste products. Through this, they are leading the nations upcycling field.After its opening, the plaza continuously offered programs in which citizens could participate, consequently welcoming 80,000 visitors as it organized 900 exploration/experiential education programs on upcycling, hosted exhibitions, international conferences, and forums on upcycling, and organized an upcycling marketplace.Detailed information on the Seoul Upcycling Festival events and programs can be found on the Seoul Upcycling Plaza website at (www.seoulup.or.kr).
The 2018 Northeast Asia Forum on Air Quality Improvement is holding its largest scale meeting yet for two days starting Tuesday, September 4 at Seoul City Hall, with major east Asian cities meeting to discuss solutions for air quality improvement.This years forum will be attended by 18 cities from four northeast Asian countries including Beijing, Tokyo, and Ulaanbaatar, and seven cities from southeast Asian countries for a total of eight countries and 25 cities throughout East Asia. There will be over 300-atmosphere environment specialists, etc. attending the forum from each country. Cooperative atmospheric improvement plans will be discussed for the capital, where Seoul will attend along with Incheon, Suwon, Gyeonggi-do, and Chungcheongnam-do, Korea.The Northeast Asia Forum on Air Quality Improvement was first started in Seoul in 2010, making this year its eighth opening.On the first day of the forum, September 4th, there will be specialist presentation sessions by country for emission reduction plans regarding major sources of fine dust  the transportation sector and living sector. Cooperative plans for cities regarding atmospheric improvement will also be presented.On the second day of the forum, September 5th, there will be an open discussion on public and private cooperation plans between attending government officials, environment research institution environment specialists, and civic society organizations from main cities in Korea, China, and Japan. With the increasing temperatures, decreased winds and precipitation, and other climate changes taking its toll on the atmosphere quality, this forum will also hold the Korea Local Government Talanoa Dialogue on the afternoon of the 5th to discuss plans for reducing greenhouse gases.Seoul is going beyond just sharing policies to reduce atmospheric pollution throughout northeast Asian cities during this years forum, and is expected to be a stage to transmit fine dust management know-how discussed and shared at other forums to the southeast Asian countries suffering bodily ailments due to the harmful effects of fine dust that has been created due to their large-scale construction projects. Additionally, this should be an important opportunity for citizen participation in the making of policies through civic organizations. More detailed information on programs and speakers can be found on the 8th Northeast Asia Forum on Air Quality Improvement website (http://www.airforum2018.kr), and any other inquiries can be made to the managing secretariat ( 02-6952-0653, airforum2018@kimexgroup.co.kr). 
2018 marked the year not only the PyeongChang Winter Olympics, but also the 30th anniversary of the 1988 Seoul Olympics. In celebration of the 30th anniversary of the Seoul Olympics, Seoul is scheduled to hold various events before and after the Olympic period, between September 17 and October 2, which include the Seoul Sports Talent Festival (Sept. 1), the 2018 Seoul Sports Festival (Sept. 29-30), the 2018 SonKeeChung Peace Marathon (Oct. 3), and the 1988 Olympics: Momentum of Changes in Seoul (until Oct. 14).Seoul residents are welcome one-on-one lessons given by athletes from Seoul City and experience various sports events at the Seoul Olympic Park Peace Plaza during the Seoul Sports Talent Festival on September 1.Athletes will give one-on-one lessons to local residents including boxing, taekwondo, billiards, and curling. Festival-goers can also experience in person 14 inaccessible sports, as well as 16 other events, including archery, inline roller skating, and shooting.The 2018 Seoul Sports Festival will be held over two days on September 29 and 30. As a pre-opening ceremony event, special fusion performances, combining Korean classical music and street dancing in line with the Seoul Olympic theme of harmony and peace, are in store. Concurrent events also include a photo zone featuring Olympic medalists, as well as a special apparel and photo op for visitors to try on school uniforms reminiscent of the 1980s fashion.The 2018 SonKeeChung Peace Marathon will take place on October 3, Wednesday, in celebration of the 30th anniversary of the 1988 Seoul Olympics and the brilliant feat of Son Kee-chung, Koreas first sports hero. Concurrent events will also include trial programs of new sports, including floor curling and shuffle boarding, in addition to sports massages made available for participants.Festival-goers are sure to get a feel about the Seoul Olympics must have been like at The 1988 Olympics: Momentum of Changes in Seoul exhibition, scheduled to be held at the newly-renovated Olympic Exhibition Hall of Jamsil Sports Complex and the Seoul Museum of History.
Seoul City will hold the Seoul Friendship Festival 2018 (Sept. 1  2), its representative The global event, where people can enjoy a treasure trove of diverse cultures from around the world in one place.The festival (formerly the Seoul Friendship Fair) is famous for its history and its tradition of allowing visitors to enjoy diverse cultural performances and foods from the worlds major cities and of promoting cultural exchanges.This years festival, attended by Seouls fifteen sister and friendship cities and seventy foreign embassies in Korea, will consist of cultural performances from fifteen overseas cities, an exhibition of foods from fifty-seven countries, a city tourism fair involving fifty-three countries, a publicity exhibition by eleven international organizations and NGOs, and a world marriage culture festival.The cultural performances will take place in Seoul Plaza, while the World Food Exhibition, which is growing in popularity every year, will be held on Mugyo-ro and Cheonggyecheon-ro. Visitors will be able to sample the cuisine of fifty-seven countries among many other attractions. Please note that those who prepare their tasting schedules in advance will have a more pleasant time.At the City Tourism Fair, some fifty-three countries will operate promotional booths at Seoul Plaza to display and sell diverse traditional artifacts and show off their attractive tourism contents.The World Marriage Culture Festival will feature a wide range of performances, exhibitions, experience programs and events under the theme of The global marriage culture. In particular, street parades by foreign participants wearing marriage costumes of ten countries, including Korea, are sure to attract much enthusiastic attention. Notably, Vietnams traditional wedding ceremony will be reenacted to provide citizens and visitors with an opportunity to experience the Southeast Asian countrys marriage culture.In addition, major international organizations and NGOs such as the UNHCR, Green Peace, and Save the Children will attend the festival to publicize their international aid activities and run various experience programs in which Seoul citizens can take part.Full details of the schedule can be viewed at the website of the Seoul Friendship Festival (seoulfriendshipfestival.org) or Facebook (www.facebook.com/seoulfriendshipfestival).
Hallyu K-Star, TVXQs U-Know Yunho met the master handmade shoe craftsman at Seongsu-dong for the participation in the Wear Seongsu Handmade Shoes Relay Campaign.U-Know Yunho will be the first star to participate in the Wear Seongsu Handmade Shoes Campaign started by Seoul city in order to inform the public about the attraction of handmade shoes and Seongsu-dong as a whole. The second celebrity will be announced in September.As part of the Wear Seongsu Handmade Shoes Campaign, three pairs of handmade shoes will be made spotting the names of the celebrities. One of these pairs will be sold through a donation auction from the Seongsu Handmade Shoes website (http://seongsushoes.or.kr) in December, and all of the funds collected will be used in the  manufacture of special handmade shoes for people with developmental disorders. Another pair of shoes will be displayed at the Seongsu Handmade Shoes Hope Platform Promotion Hall from September, 2018 until next year.Celebrities participating in the Wear Seongsu Handmade Shoes Relay like TVXQs U-Know Yunho will be collaborate with the handmade shoes craftsman in order to create shoes that are both good for the stars health and also comfortable. In particular, you can expect to see each stars individual characteristics integrated into their shoes through the design process that they will directly participate in. The Wear Seongsu Handmade Shoes Relay campaign started off by going all out with TVXQs U-Know Yunhos collaboration carries the valuable meaning of activating the regional society and the stars voluntary social contribution activities.
A special fashion show will be held where spectators can appreciate the diversity of hanbok fashion, which includes royal costumes of kings and queens, the traditional costumes worn at coming-of-age ceremonies and weddings, and the modernized hanbok that was reborn with a modern touch. Seoul City will host the Seoul 365-Seoul Museum of History Fashion Show under the theme of hanbok on August 29 (Wed.) at 5 p.m. and 7 p.m. at the Seoul Museum of History. The fashion show will unfold under the theme hanbok and is scheduled to be held at the Seoul Museum of History, a noted site encompassing both the history and traditions of Seoul. The show will be open to the public.The Seoul 365 Fashion Show is an event taking place from April to November at Seoullo 7017, the Seoul Museum of Art and other main attractions in Seoul for citizens to enjoy the unique fashion culture in their everyday lives. The fashion show presents rising designers with the opportunity to introduce their brands while offering young models who dream of becoming fashion models a chance to stand on the runway.Citizens who visit the hanbok fashion show will come in contact with the spirit of the different colorful and rich hanbok fashion of 40 different costumes that include the refined and full traditional hanbok, the royal hanbok breathing with decorum and elegance and the modernized hanbok reborn with a modern and polished touch.Spectators will gain insight not only into the hanbok of the past and the present but into the trends of future hanbok fashion, and the fashion show will offer the opportunity of encountering both the beauty and potential for change in the traditional costume.
Asias first international, the short film festival is scheduled to take place simultaneously in both the subway facilities of Seoul, Korea, and Barcelona, Spain. The 9th Annual International Subway Film Festival opened on August 24, with the top-selected films screening until September 14, through subway lines 1 through 8.This festival is a collaboration between the Seoul Metro and Transports Metropolitans de Barcelona (TMB), featuring a number of quality domestic and international 90-second short films to reward city residents with a sense of enjoyment during their day.This years festival saw an additional 13 film entries, in comparison to last year, for an unprecedented total of 1,067 features from 41 countries around the world, calling for a panel of six judges to select the final 26 films representing 11 countries. These top-selected features are comprised of 20 international and six domestic films competing with one another.The finalists are to be screened on subway lines 1 through 8, using the electronic notification boards located on subway platforms, while also being available via the festivals official CGV Yeongdeungpo website (www.smiff.kr). Award-winning films competing with one another will also be screened simultaneously in the subway, bus, and Tram, located in Barcelona, Spain.The 26 finalists pre-selected by the panel of film experts are to be narrowed down to a final-four selection by the public viewers themselves. The public may partake in the voting process, scheduled to be conducted from August 24 to September 12, while the final four are to be determined by a total vote count for each film. Those participating in the voting process are rewarded free gifts through a special drawing, including movie tickets and more.CGV Yeongdeungpo is set to host both the closing and awards ceremony on September 14.
Blue world city signposts have appeared throughout the heart of Seoul in places like Seoul Plaza and Gwanghwamun, pointing out the direction and distance of 15 of the worlds major cities.Following the Inter-Korean Summit, unified north/south team for the Asian Games, the reunification of separated families between the two countries, and other active exchanges between north and south, North Koreas Pyeongyang along with 14 of Seouls sister/friendship cities around the world will be featured.Seoul City has placed these world city signposts at 20 main sites that are most visited by citizens and tourists alike. These posts are expected to become tourist spots by itself and the new symbol of Seoul, Walking City not just for Seoul, but also to be shared with people all over the world.13 sites including Seoul Plaza, Gwanghwamun, and Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP) have completed installation on the 21st of August (Tues.), and the remaining seven spots are scheduled to be finished by the end of the month.Through the installation of these world city signposts, Seoul is taking one more step towards becoming a walking-friendly city as part of the Seoul, Walking City policy focused on the people. As such, Seoul will be able to realize the creation of a city that people from around the world can enjoy while walking together.
In addition to Seouls sectional opening of the closed Deoksugung Stone Wall Path area in August 2017, the remaining 70 meters (British Embassy Seouls rear entrance  main gate) will open in its entirety in October 2018 after deliberation and cooperation among the city of Seoul, the British Embassy Seoul, and the Cultural Heritage Administration.With this, the disconnected section (70m) of the Deoksugung Stone Wall Path that was restricted by The occupation of the British Embassy Seoul in the past will be fully connected for visitors to walk the entire stone wall path of 1,100m without taking a detour.The 70m section that newly opens leads to the pedestrian path within Deoksugung Palace as Deoksugung and the British Embassy Seoul are merely divided by a single wall. A new passage gate will be installed at the main gate of the British Embassy Seoul where the pedestrian path ends. Completed Deoksugung Stone Wall Path (total 1,100m): Deoksugung Daehanmun Gate  Deoksugung Path  The Residence of the U.S. Ambassador to the Republic of Korea (Habib House)  British Embassy Seoul rear entrance  pedestrian path in Deoksugung Palace (*new opening of 70m)  British Embassy Seoul main gate  Sejong-daeroIn addition, the Path of Gojong (Deoksugung-gil  Jeong-dong Park), which has been on a trial run by the Cultural Heritage Administration will be included in the completed stone wall path to officially open in October, 2018 through which visitors will be able to walk the Path of Gojong to Jeongdong-gil and Gyeonghuigung Palace without taking a detour.< Inner Pedestrian Path of Deoksugung Palace >< Pedestrian Path at the British Embassy Seoul Main Gate >< Sejong-daero 19-gil >
Seoul City will hold the 2018 Tap Water Festival on August 25, 2018 from 11 am to 5 pm at Gwanghwamun Square to raise public awareness and to establish a social consensus on the safety of tap water.This years festival under the theme We All Drink Tap Water will be participated in by more than Exhibits and various cultural events along with event booths run by each participating institution will be conducted for the public to have a diversified experience.The city plans on running a promotional kiosk during the festival to provide information on drinking tap water in terms of environmental, economic, and health aspects. Opportunities to drink Seouls tap water, Arisu, and tumbler giveaways will also be offered to encourage citizen participation in order to reflect the recent trend of reducing disposable wastes.
Seoul will invest KRW 4 billion in vulnerable small businesses encountering difficulties due to recently weakened domestic demands and recession and offer support with a low annual interest rate of 1.8% in the second half of 2018.Seouls representative small-loan finance support policy Seoul Microcredit will offer funds to preparatory entrepreneurs of the financially neglected class who cannot easily access institutional finances to small and medium-sized businesses for business establishment and management stability at a low-interest rate without collateral while providing economic education and consulting.The Seoul Microcredit support project was launched in March 2012 and welcomes its seventh year this year. As of June 2018, the project supported 2,180 enterprises (shops) with a total of KRW 46.2 billion in funds.The support fund for each person is up to KRW 30 million for startups and up to KRW 20 million for management stability, given based on the owner equity and credit rating. Small businesses that receive loans can repay the loans in four-year installments after leaving the loan unredeemed for one year.Small business owners in Seoul over 20 years of age with less than an annual income of KRW 30 million who is of the low-income bracket, a single-parent household, a multiple children household, a recipient of basic living, of the near poverty class, unemployed, disabled, a matriarch, of a multicultural family, a North Korean refugee or completed the savings in the Seoul Kkumnarae Saving Account may apply.The Seoul Microcredit is differentiated from other loan supports in that it offers step-by-step support from fund support to management consultation in order to create a basis for practical economic independence. After the monetary support is provided, a civil organization with knowledge and expertise will regularly visit business places every month to offer customized consultation and aid with strengthening the competitiveness of businesses.
For anyone waiting for the endless scorching heat to pass by, how about taking a small Seoul trip via subway? The first stamp tour event to be held since the establishment of Seoul Metro will include 12 various travel courses and an easier completion requirement. Seoul Metro will hold the Seoul Subway Stamp Tour from September 3 to October 31 and introduce attractions in Seoul that are easy to access via subway, and it will reward those who complete the course with souvenirs.This year, there will be 12 courses that will be in operation under the theme Autumn, a small but certain happiness. This years courses include new selections such as Seouls new attractions  Seoullo 7017, the Gyeongchun Line (Railroad) Forest Park, Hangang Park where the Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market is held, the Unhyeongung Yanggwan that was the home of the goblin (Gong Yoo) and the grim reaper (Lee Dong-wook) in the TV show Guardian: The Lonely and Great God, and the Safety Experience Center Course where participants can gain a virtual experience of disasters and accidents. The Kangfull Comics Street, the cozy alleyway that received a high level of satisfaction during the 2016 Stamp Tour, and the Haebangchon Art Village Course, a place to discover the world in Seoul, were added to this years tour as well.Anyone wanting to take part in the stamp tour can receive a tour passport at the Customer Service Center at the designated stations, take photos at each course and show them to station staff. A completion confirmation stamp will be given to anyone who visits more than four courses out of the 12 courses. Participants who receive the completion confirmation stamp can register the certificate of authentication on the website (http://www.seoulmetro.co.kr) between November 1 and 9 and apply to receive a souvenir. This year, participants who visit more than four courses out of the 12 courses will be recognized as having completed the event, and 531 participants of the registered participants on the website will be selected to receive gifts. Previously, participants who visited eight courses out of the 10 courses received completion gifts on a first come, first served basis. Unlike the previous leaflet for collecting stamps, a passport-style handbook was made this year for participants to experience the joy of collecting completion stamps just like passport stamps. The Stamp Tour Passport also includes a QR code for each course so that participants can easily get information about each course on their smartphones. 
<Summer Festival Seoullo go (August 22-26), a vacation in the city with swimming, film screening, performances and play experiences>Seoul City will hold the 2018 Seoullo Summer Festival  Seoullo go from August 22nd (Wed.) to the 26th (Sun.) at the Seoullo 7017 Malli-dong Square and present various programs to fight the heat.One program that stands out is the childrens pool area. With positive responses and participation from local residents, the pool has been in operation with great success since its opening on the 13th (August 13-26, 15:00-20:00).The pool area is made up of 20 circular swimming pools of 1m to 2m in diameter. Under the theme of a water library, 100 waterproof books, water guns and toys are available for children to enjoy. The pools are only available for children under the age of 10. In addition, there is a picnic shelter with parasols, mats, beach chairs, tables and books and board games for children.After swimming, visitors can enjoy movies (refreshing film festival), summer night performances, story-telling, play experiences (DIY experience, Seoullo go) and other programs offered in the evening.<Getting rest at Seoullo / Outdoor Library 8.23~ 2nd Seoullo Book Club 8.30~ Spending lunch hour with books!>The 2nd Seoullo Book Club (August 30~) the Outdoor Library (August 23~) are worth noting for anyone wanting to spend a rewarding lunch hour reading books. Together with the theme of journeying into poetry during lunch, there will be activities that include reading and reciting poetry, transcribing and drawing activities.Applicants for the 2nd Seoullo Book Club are currently being accepted at the Seoullo website (http://seoullo7017.seoul.go.kr/).The Outdoor Library will be organized under different themes in August (foot bath bookstore), September (funny, indie bookstore) and October (cartoon, travelers bookstore) with author talk shows, cultural busking, calligraphy exhibits and other special events. (Open every Thursday from 12 noon to 3 pm beginning August 23rd) <Seoullo Puppet Show (Fall) (September 1~), come to watch puppet shows with mom and dad>The Seoullo Puppet Show, which was praised for its colorful and high-quality shows, will return in fall. There will be a total of 10 sessions between September 1st (Sat.) and November 3rd with two evening performances held every Saturday (September/18:00, 20:00, October/16:00, 18:00). (All performances will be open for participation on-site, free of charge.)For more information about all programs, visit the Seoullo website (http://seoullo7017.seoul.go.kr/).Swimming 
Seoul launches Koreas very first reaching out healthcare service that provides health services from a team of healthcare specialists, including a neighborhood doctor and a team from a nearby health clinic that personally visits the patients homes to care for those with high-risk health issues. Services will commence from October at four health clinic locations in Seongdong, Nowon, Eunpyeong and Gwanak while plans are in the works for program expansion to include up to all 25 Seoul districts by 2022.This Reaching Out Healthcare Service facilitates medical teams from neighborhood clinics to aid in sustained services for those in need by providing comprehensive healthcare customized to the needs of patients while utilizing the resources of the local health, medical and welfare sectors. Each team is specifically comprised of a nurse, pharmacist, clinical dietitian, physical therapist, dental hygienist, medical social worker, mental health professional, visiting nurse and other field specialists, while team operation is centralized around a neighborhood doctor.The service consists of the following four stages: Finding patients in need  Assessing health condition, establishing a healthcare plan & providing healthcare services  Linking with health and medical services  Ensuring the provision of sustained services.The healthcare plan is customized to each patient through a comprehensive health assessment that includes a questionnaire, medical exam interview and check-up, physical exam, evaluation of nutritional state, examining for depression or suicidal tendencies, in addition to the risk for Alzheimers, feebleness, etc. Following the provision of customized services that include supplying with nutritional foods, and physical rehabilitation, a specialist center for Alzheimers and/or mental health will be called upon to treat those that are in need of treatment involving examinations to determine the presence of Alzheimers or depression, counseling with a specialist or even hospitalization. In order to improve upon the sustained and regulated treatment of patients suffering from hypertension or diabetes, ongoing efforts will be made amid the cooperation and communication within an established network comprised of Seoul resident health point medical staff, local health institutions and pharmacies.In collaboration with The Korean Geriatrics Society and Korean Diabetes Association, the city of Seoul has been conducting training to bolster the professional competency of health clinic medical staff through four different courses, including Introduction to Geriatric Care, while ensuring continued development and supplementation of health assessment tools and manuals in order to guarantee quality healthcare services.
"The 2018 Hangang Summer Festival is finally drawing to a close after being the popular summer getaway for residents in the city. The Seoul Metropolitan Government are scheduled to hold a finale for the festival this upcoming weekend featuring the top three programs.	 Seoul Soldout Festival (8.18): A midsummers night, all-night culture festivalThis year marks the third annual Seoul Soldout Festival opening on August, 18, Saturday, at Nanji Hangang Parks Youth Plaza from 2 pm until 4 am, early Sunday morning.A special exhibition of young artists, along with musician and DJ performances will continue for nine straight hours on a relay scheduled to heat up the summer night amid the crowd waving their hands in the air and dancing to music.* Festival inquiries may be made via Instagram (instagram.com/seoulsoldout), Facebook (facebook.com/seoulsoldout) and telephone (02-3780-0598). 	Hangang Carbon Zero Festival (8.17-19): An experimental festival for a future with sustainable energyThe Han River Carbon Zero Festival is a festival of special significance that provides the opportunity to imagine a future of sustainable energy while implementing the practice of preserving the environment. The festival is scheduled to be held from August 17, Friday, to August 19, Sunday, at the Ttukseom Hangang Park from 4 pm to 10 pm. The Green Theater, developed from 100 portable water power generators, is among the unique sites available and will be screening movies for free from 8 pm each night.* Schedule of Movie Screenings: August 17  Before the Flood [2016], August 18  Plastic China [2016] & August 19  Bikes vs. Cars [2015])In addition, visitors are welcome to try a variety of ecological products and foods, including solar power-brewed coffee and rice balls with organic greens, available at a market provided at one of the sections of the event area.Free admissions for all. For event inquiries, visit the official festival website (www.carbonzerofestival.com) or call 02-3780-0598.	 Seoul Story Fashion Show (8.18): A Hangang fashion show featuring residents of SeoulThis year marks the fourth annual Seoul Story Fashion Show scheduled to be held under"
 the theme of Seoul Story Fashion Show with Y(Yesterday), T(Today), F(Future) on August 18, Saturday, at the Banpo Hangang Parks Yevit Stage from 7 pm to 9 pm.This years fashion show will feature a total of approximately 70 models, including professional models, as well as residents and senior residents of Seoul taking to the stage.Free admissions for all. For inquiries, call 02-3780-0598.
A Green Tunnel has been built next to Jamsil Sports Complex Student gymnasium to help people take a rest and escape the scorching weather. A walk along this 37-m long tunnel is enough to forget about the heat for a moment and admire the appetizing local crops such as calabash, club gourds, and colorful pumpkins hanging from the ceilings and walls. This place will hopefully become a perfect resting area under a shade of green in which local residents and visitors who are in the area for a professional baseball game or a concert at the Jamsil Sports Complex can experience a countryside atmosphere in the midst of the city.This new Tunnel of Calabash Shadows, created by Seoul City, boasts a total of 400 crops, including calabash, club gourds, and colorful pumpkins, that await to be discovered by visitors.While the city set up the tunnel last year, this year, it planted the 400 plants (calabash, club gourds, colorful pumpkins, etc.) along the tunnels ceiling and down its sides. Apart from the Tunnel of Calabash Shadows, other multiple resting spaces inside Jamsil Sports Complex are loved by the public, including the Lotus Garden Fountain and the Park Golf Course.The Lotus Garden Fountain, which extends over about 1,587m2 around the south gate of the Olympic Main Stadium, exhibits about 10 kinds of 550 aquatic plants. This place is gaining in popularity as foreign and national visitors to the stadium often take a stroll around the refreshing fountain to cool off from the heat and take commemorative photos with flowers in the background.The Park Golf Course is also becoming an oasis in the middle of the city. In this area, golfers can relax under the refreshing shade of around 200 trees, in the midst of various seasonal flowers.In addition, an I  Remember  U photo zone is also being operated, allowing Korean and foreign tourists visiting the Jamsil Sports Complex to take beautiful photos in a scenery of trees and flowers and make unforgettable memories. 
Go to 7th UNWTO Global Summit on Urban Tourism Web Page Please note that the programme is subject to change.
For those of you still planning those last additions to your summer vacation during this unrelenting summer heat wave, how about spending a cool and refreshingly unique retreat at the newly opened Jungnang Camp Ground?The waterpark, located on the lawn area of the Jungnang Camp Ground, will be open to the public starting Wednesday, August 8. The pre-existing kids playground was newly refurbished and equipped with various waterpark facilities, including a slide, jungle gym, undersea tunnel, and ground fountain.The newly-opened waterpark was created with the purpose of providing a place of retreat within the city, offering enjoyment and sites to see for city residents. In particular, the area was built to ensure safe usage with the thorough management of safety and water quality to maintain the standards of other waterpark facilities children usually frequent.The Jungnang Camp Ground Waterpark will operate from 11 am to 5 pm (closed on Mondays) with 20 minutes break in operation every 40 minutes. Available on a first-come, first-served basis with no age limits (children under seven years of age must be accompanied with a guardian), operation hours will be implemented upon a flexible schedule depending upon the number of people using the facilities and the current weather conditions.The 2018 Jungnang Camp Ground Starry Night Family Cinema is scheduled to open at the Jungnang Camp Grounds grass plaza for three days from Thursday, August 9, to Saturday, August 11, the day after the opening of the Jungnang Camp Ground Waterpark. The camp grounds lawn area will be transformed into a movie theater, the waterpark into an outdoor kids caf, and the Jungnang Forest into a hands-on ecology zone. The entire park will turn into a multiplex facility within nature, complete with a movie theater and play areas.The waterpark will assign safety personnel and equip lighting to ensure visiting children are able to play late into the day, from 5 pm to 10 pm, especially during the event period. In addition, programs including a variety of hands-on booths, from 5 pm to 10 pm, and nighttime insect explorations, from 7 pm to 9 pm, are scheduled to be held upon the start of the summer vacation so children can enjoy their free time, running and playing at the park to their hearts content.Film screenings of The BFG on August 9 Beauty and the Beast on August 10 and Moana on August 11 are in the works, while residents are free to prepare their own lawn mats and snacks to enjoy a movie under the stars of a romantic summer night. Drinks and two snack food trucks will also be available, followed by events promoting eco-friendliness, involving a communal trash clean-up around the park.All park visitors can freely participate in these events! For further details, please visit the Seoul Natural Attractions and Parks website (http://parks.seoul.go.kr), or call the Jungbu Parks & Landscape Management Offices Parks & Leisure Department (3783-5993).
Seoul, the city of tourism and festivals is being made known to the whole world at the international assorted arts festival Edinburgh Festival Fringe (August 3  27, 2018) held in the capital of Scotland in the UK.As a festival held every summer at Edinburgh, Scotland, the Edinburgh Festival Fringe is making its 71st run this year. Last year, the festival was attended by 48 countries with 3,398 teams who participated at over 300 stages for a total of 53,232 performances.Seoul will have its ISEOULU brand logo shown throughout the city of Edinburgh. The logo will also be printed on the 1,200,000 booklets that will be passed out during the festival period.Seoul will attract European tourists by introducing events to experience all four seasons in Seoul, including the Spring Flower Festival, Hangang Summer Festival, Seoul Lantern Festival in fall, and the Seoul Kimchi Festival in winter, through the promotional items given out during the entire month of August. Additionally, there will be 4 national performances including the fusion Gugak(Korean traditional music) Tango and drama in order to introduce Koreas superb cultural arts to other countries at the Edinburgh Festival.Our city has also provided an event to give out Bitna, a book setting under the background of Seoul written by the winner of the 2008 Nobel Prize in Literature, J. M. G. Le Clzio, to tourists who come to see the Korean performances.
A special limited edition of the Discover Seoul Pass will be released on Monday, August 20, featuring the Korean waves most central idol group, EXO. Discover Seoul Pass is a tourist-only travel pass that Seoul City and the Seoul Tourism Organization launched back in July 2016. This optimized item designed for individual foreign tourists who wish to travel around Seoul freely. It allows visitors to enjoy sightseeing all over the city more conveniently and effectively according to their preferences.Seoul City and the Seoul Tourism Organization collaborated with SM Entertainment to produce 1,000 copies of the EXO special edition Discover Seoul Pass. The goal is to attract foreign fans to Seoul using EXOs influence  a group which has an enormous fan base overseas  and allow the fans to keep this pass as a tourist souvenir after their trip.Seoul released 500 copies of a Hallyu Star limited edition Discover Seoul Pass for the first time last year. At that time, other SM Entertainment artists such as Super Juniors Yesung, Red Velvet, and NCT127 received much attention as they became the face of these passes.The EXO special edition of Discover Seoul Pass will be released for the 24-hour pass with a total of ten different designs (100 cards per design), including eight individual photo designs (one for each member) and two group photo designs.As usual, the pass allows free admission to 36 major tourist attractions in Seoul and 30 discounts on major tourist facilities for KRW 39,900.The city will receive pre-reservations for the special pass through its official website (https://www.discoverseoulpass.com) from Tuesday, August 7. Applicants who have received a purchased ticket through e-mail can purchase the pass at the Myeongdong Tourist Information Center operated by the city or at SMTOWN THEATER. If too many pre-reservations are made, purchase coupons will be sent randomly, otherwise a second draw will be organized or passes will be sold on-site.
Over 400 businesses from around the world leading the worldwide content industry, including Disney, Netflix, Cartoon Network, Tencent, and Youku will assemble in Seoul.Seoul Promotion Plan 2018 will be held from August 2123 at Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP) and will be Asias largest scale animation/webtoon B2B market.In particular, the session Netflix, Koreas story to the whole world which will be held by Netflix, which has 120,050,000 worldwide subscribers, at the 2018 conference is attracting attention.The Animation Competition and Webtoon Award, competitions discovering new promising content, are also drawing a lot of attention after announcing the works advancing to the finals. The finals which will be held over 2 days, from August 2122, at the DDP International Conference Hall, will be carried out through public pitching. Program applications methods and other detailed information related to SPP can be found on the events website (www.spp.kr).
In cooperation with mini solar panel suppliers, and solar module and inverter manufacturers, the city of Seoul will support the installation of mini-solar power plants on the roof of security rooms in small-scale apartment complexes (up to 300 households) which are vulnerable to heat.The city decided to support mini solar panel subsidies for apartment complex security rooms which cannot use air conditioning due to electricity expenses despite this years heatwave. Up until today, 27 security rooms have been equipped with such panels and from August, it has been decided that such apartment complex security rooms be classified as Poor Energy Facilities so that they are all equipped with mini solar panels free of charge.Until 2022, a total of 9,000 mini solar panels will be installed on 4,500 security rooms free of charge, with two 300 W panels per room.With most apartment complex guard rooms being around 20 m2, installing two 300 W mini solar panels would allow to supplying enough energy to operate a 20 m2 wall air conditioner for up to 4 hours or an electric fan all day.Meanwhile, the number of enterprises and organizations wishing to participate in the mini-solar panel installation project for apartment complex security rooms is continuously on the rise.Indeed, eight companies are participating in the project this year, including Solar Terrace Co., Ltd., a mini solar panel supplier, and Seoul Citizens Solar Power Coop, as well as module and inverter manufacturers.With an expected continuous growth of the number of companies and organizations wishing to participate in the project, the city accordingly plans on opening an application reception counter at the Green Energy Division of Seoul Metropolitan Government and also receive applications from companies and organizations through Seoul Energy Corporations Solar Center.Individuals, companies, and organizations wishing to support the installation of solar panels in areas that lack energy can participate in the energy sharing business by making donations for solar panel installations through the Energy Welfare Fund.
The City of Seoul, as part of its nature restoration projects, completed construction of Hangang Forest in four locations including Jamsil, Yeouido, and Jamwon and opened them up to citizens beginning in August. The newly constructed Hangang Forest with a total area of 40,800 , was planted with 37,412 trees of various types. The spaces were constructed in varied manners matching 4 themes that consider the riverside scenery and location.At Jamsil Hangang Park, 12,267 trees of around 23 types, including ones which can serve as habitats for small creatures and as food for wild birds, were planted and the <Jamsil Eco Forest> was created for the sake of species diversity restoration through ecological environment improvement.At Yeouido Hangang Park, pin oak trees, which have strong pollution resistance, were densely planted at the boundary point with the roadside, and the <Yeouido Buffer Forest> was created for the sake of blocking car exhaust and noise along with atmospheric cleanup through fine dust reduction.At Jamwon Hangang Park, the <Jamwon Healing Forest> was created, space that can heal and provide abundant shade to citizens visiting the park. The Hangangs <Cottonwood 100-ri Path> is a forest path where you can enjoy to the fullest the quiet and still atmosphere of the riverside along the approximately 40 km between Gwangnaru and Gangseo Hangang Park. Approximately 1,800 cottonwood trees were planted along the riverside, causing recollections of the poplar forests within the masterpieces of Van Gogh and Monet.The Hangang Forest Construction Project is operated through the City of Seoul and the voluntary participation of Seoul citizens/organizations/business who love the Hangang, and is a project through which we are together creating an environment where humans and nature can coexist together. 
Seoul City will be holding the 2018 International Competition for ISEOULU Product Design to push forward the development of various products based on the subject. This competition is open to everyone, starting from university students, to designers, small and micro-enterprises, citizens, and foreigners. The winners will be connected to city-related organizations and matched with cooperation companies to make their project into real products, and they will be given the opportunity to distribute and sell them on the market.The city of Seoul wished to build its brand together with the citizens, as a citizen-led design. Accordingly, it is currently strengthening  as a familiar citizen brand that is present in their daily life, while also starting to develop products in order to establish the brand as a global brand that foreigners also long for.The city will be receiving applications for products, from October 1st to 10th, 5 PM through the official website (http://www.kicpd.com). The competition will be divided into two categories: 3D products and 2D designs.From stationery to fancy goods, household utensils, clothing, accessories, and more, there are no restrictions on the nature of three-dimensional products as long as they include ISEOULU. The consumer price of the finished product, however, must be less than KRW 100,000. The same goes for 2D designs: participants may submit any drawing file of a design that includes ISEOULU, such as visual designs, digital contents designs, SP designs, fashion beauty designs, etc.The city will award a total of KRW 10 million to the winners of the contest, including a KRW 2 million grand prize for a three-dimensional product and a KRW 1 million grand prize for a 2D design, as well as the Seoul Grand Prize award.
Since April, Seoul City has been holding the 6th Seoul Tourism Souvenir Contest. This month, the 310 souvenirs that have already gone through the first round of screening by experts will be examined by ordinary citizens and tourists from August 3rd to August 7th.This years competition was held on themes such as Seouls Road, Lotte World Tower SEOUL SKY, and 63 Building, with a total of 395 exhibits.A Citizens Screening will be held from August 3rd to August 7th on the basement floor of 63 Building for any interested ordinary citizens or tourists. Seoulites and tourists participating in the screening will receive a total of 13 stickers as they arrive at the site with which they will select ten of the exhibits related to Seoul City, two exhibits submitted under the Lotte World Tower SEOUL SKY theme, and one of the works in the 63 Building category.After the exhibited works are judged by citizens and tourists, a total of 113 winning works will finally be selected at the end of August after a second Expert Screening round.Out of the final winning works, the top 15 related to Seoul City and top 13 in relation to the private sector will be purchased after going through specialist merchandising procedures and will be used during Seouls international events. The winning souvenirs will also be given the opportunity to be presented at the DDP store, the Lotte World Tower SEOUL SKY Shop, and the 63 Building Souvenir Shop.Seoul City will continue to expand the scope of tourism souvenirs through cooperation with private companies, while also actively utilizing the distribution networks owned by these enterprises and expanding its commercialization process and sales support. Inquiries: Design & Craft Industry Team, Seoul Design Foundation (+82-2-2096-0164)
The Seoul City held a heatwave emergency meeting on July 30, with the participation of the mayor Park Won-soon, as well as related departments such as safety, welfare, and health to discuss ways to minimize the possible damages caused by the lasting heatwaves.The mayor shared, It is important that the Seoul Metropolitan Government and the autonomous governments make use of public spaces in order to protect elderly people living alone and other groups that might be vulnerable against heatwaves throughout these dangerous times. In particular, we must make sure that these people are not exposed to heat during the hottest hours of the day.Seoul Metropolitan Government will  include heatwaves in the list of natural disasters through an ordinance,  strengthen management and support focusing on the five most vulnerable groups against heat, and  expand the operation extension of Heatwave Resting Areas.First, Seoul City shall define heatwaves as a natural disaster to clarify that it is the object of disaster and safety management, and shall implement systematic management to protect the citizens rights to life and health based on institutional grounds.Currently, heatwaves are not specified as natural disasters in the relevant law, meaning that there is no legal response manual and that damages caused by heatwaves are not recognized either. As a result, Seoul City has been preparing for heatwaves with a manual of its own.Second, Seoul City will strengthen special protection for the five most vulnerable groups against heat: elderly people living alone, low-income vulnerable groups, homeless people, citizens living in a slice room, and construction workers.In particular, the city has managed safety and health of elderly people living by themselves through phone calls (337,918 calls) and home visits (59,542 visits) during the heatwave alert period (total 16 days, based on July 25th). There were actual life-saving cases such as events in which senior citizen living alone were found unconscious in their homes during home visits, but were saved after being reported to 119.Third, the city is currently adding Extended Resting Areas in 427 spots to the 3,252 Heatwave Resting Areas that are open for all citizens to use so that people can find shelter during evening hours (6 p.m. to 9 p.m.) and on holidayThese resting areas are operating near the residences, such as in senior citizen community centers, welfare centers, and the residents centers. The location and status of Heatwave Resting Areas can be found on Seoul Safety Portal (http://safecity.seoul.go.kr), and Seoul Safety App (Google Play Store, AppStore).
The Seoul Metropolitan Hangang Project Headquarters will be holding the Hangang Water Fight Festival at Nanji Hangang Parks Youth Plaza on August 4th (Sat.) and 5th (Sun.) from 11 am to 6 pm.Held for the fifth time this year as part of the 2018 Hangang Summer Festival, Hangang Water Fight Festival offers citizens an unusual water program nearby Hangang River through which they can beat the summer heat.This years Hangang Water Fight Festival will come with a variety of programs, including a 200,000 water bomb fight, a water gun survival contests, DJ water parties, and Underwater Running Man event.Visitors will be able to enjoy many special contests starting with Piata Contests to a Kids Contest, a Zombie Contest, and an Underwater Running Man.The Kids Contest, will be held from 11 PM to 5 PM at the childrens water-playground that will be armed with life-size characters for a water fight featuring the childrens favorites.The Zombie Contest  Hangang River Line will be divided into three parts: part 1 (11:30 AM  noon), part 2 (1:30 PM  2 PM) and part 3 (4 PM  4:30 PM). Zombies hiding in the venue will launch a surprise attack against civilians in a water gun fight.The highlight of Hangang Water Fight Festival will be the Water Bomb Battle (Water War) at 2:30 PM. Indeed, a 30-minute long water fight against the heat will begin on the hosts command with unlimited water guns and water bombs.In addition, a picnic area and food trucks will be available near the festivals venue so that visitors can relax between tough battles.The Hangang Water Fight Festival is a paid event. You may participate by purchasing tickets online prior to the event or on-site.Options are given between a simple admission ticket (KRW 5,000) or a souvenir package ticket, including a 10L waterproof bag and beach towel (KRW 11,000). You may use online sales agents for pre-registration (TMON, Auction, Gmarket, etc.).Free admission is offered for children under the age of 7.For more information, please refer to Hangang Summer Festivals official website (http://hangang.seoul.go.kr/project2018) or call for further inquiries (070-4705-3571). 
As part of its special programming featuring the Hanyangdoseong, the Seoul City Wall, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will be holding the 2018 International Moonlight Tour at Hanyangdoseong over the course of two days on July 26 (Thursday) and 27 (Friday) from 7:30 pm to 9:30 pm.As the inaugural event of its kind, the International Moonlight Tour at Hanyangdoseong will feature the appeal of this historic landmark, hidden within the vibrant nightscape of the city lights, to foreign residents of Seoul.The guided tour is to be conducted entirely in English, under the theme of Seouls Love Mark  Hanyangdoseong. The tour itself is divided into the Naksan Course and the Mongmyeok Course, with the Naksan Course embarking from the Hyehwamun Gate, before moving on to the Naksan Observatory, Ihwa Village and Heunginjimun City Wall Park while the Mongmyeok Course guides visitors through the National Theater of Korea, Namsan Sunhwan-ro and Sonamu-gil, before having completed the journey at the Namsan Palgakjeong Pavilion. The tour is scheduled to run for two hours with an accompanying guide and a mini-concert featuring traditional instrument performances with the haegeum and daegeum.The event is open to both Koreans and adult foreigners residing within Seoul with the actual program and guiding services provided by Seoul KYC City Wall Tour Guides, a volunteer tour guide group for the Hanyangdoseong.RSVP is required to join, however, all tour admissions are free of charge. The registration period commences from July 23, Monday, at 10 am, on the Public Service Reservation official website (http://yeyak.seoul.go.kr/) and will operate on a first come, first served basis with a maximum of 24 people adults per tour.For additional inquiries, please contact the Hanyangdoseong Division at 2133-2657.
The City of Seoul is opening three markets at the Oil Tank Culture Parks T0 Culture Plaza on Saturday, July 21. The markets include the Modu Market, changing everyday life for the world, animals, and humans, the Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Markets Forest Picnic Market, and the Sangam Social Box Festivals B-SIDE Market.<  Modu Market- changing everyday life for humans, animals, and the world >At Modu Market, you can visit various merchant booths, ranging from the Repair Hospital that fixes your items, a Food Market selling healthy dishes and fresh vegetables, and the Mapo mothers free market for moms to share resources MaMaPeu. There will also be many other things to experience, including a refreshing African music Djembecola performance and a fine cuisine educational experience 5 Senses 5 Colors Salad Tour for kids.<  Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market @ Oil Tank Culture Parks Forest Picnic Market >The Bamdokkaebi Night Market is opening up for the second half of the year 2018, starting July 21, offering Seouls great nightscapes, plenty of food trucks with good eats, and handmade crafts from artists. Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market @ Oil Tank Culture Park will be held from 16:00  21:00 every Saturday and Sunday starting from October 28.Capturing the concept of enjoying a picnic in a forest, spend a leisurely afternoon in nature while enjoying performances and eating food together with your family on the grass at the Oil Tank Culture Park. Reborn as an eco-friendly culture park created through urban renewal, they are holding a campaign that matches with the Oil Tank Culture Parks management directions by not using single-use products, and instead using environmentally friendly dishes and having people wash their own dishes.<  Sangam Social Box Festival B-SIDE Market >B-SIDE Market makes new ideas and objects, going through a process of making your own piece that expresses your own values and meanings, finding hidden worth from in, and expressing things you wanted to, but had not been able to say before. B-SIDE, meaning the back of a record, will be held at Sangam Social Box and Oil Tank Culture Park grounds on Saturday, July 21 from 16:00  23:00.For more information on the events held at the Oil Tank Culture Park, please visit the Oil Tank Culture Park website at (parks.seoul.go.kr/culturetank) or call the management office at (02-376-8410).
Seoul is holding a mid-summer festival Summer Night Green March on Saturday, July 21 at 18:00 to commemorate the one-year anniversary of Seoullo 7017, the old car road turned into a pedestrian street.From the cutting of a rice cake to the highlight of the festival- the Green Wave Parade, various attractions are awaiting citizens to celebrate the one-year anniversary of its opening.The Summer Night Green March will consist of an  Opening Performance,  1 Year Anniversary Event,  Parade,  Closing Performance, and  Citizen Hanmadang.After an opening busking performance, Mayor Park Won-soon will join citizens and the head of the Seoul Station Area Urban Regeneration Center at the Seoullo 7017 one-year anniversary rice cake cutting.After the commemorating events, there will be a citizen parade. Green ice scarves will be handed out to up to 1,000 citizens gathered on site, and the citizens adorned with the scarves around their neck, together with the percussionist group Rapercussion and Mayor Park Won-soon will parade around the Seoullo overpass.Any citizen is free to participate in the parade, with no previous reservations required. The green ice scarves will be passed out for free before the parade starts at Malli-dong Plaza on a first come, first served basis starting from 20:00.At the last stop of the parade, Mongnyeon Plaza, there will be an exciting DJ performance dance party, and local young merchants from Jungnim-dong around the Seoullo 7017 area will be running refreshment booths at Malli-dong Plaza during the events.Additionally, Pulmuone Danone will be holding a campaign and donating 1,000 servings of ice cream to hand out for free to citizens, in congratulations of the Seoullo 7017 one-year anniversary festival.You can find more information about the Seoullo One Year Anniversary Commemoratory event Summer Night Green March program and event operations at the Seoullo homepage at (http://seoullo7017.seoul.go.kr).
From July 28 to October 27, Seoul will be operating the Hangang Nightscape Tour every Saturday from 8 pm at the Banpo Hangang Park, offering hidden historical and cultural anecdotes amid the night scenery. Operation hours will run from 8 pm to 9:30 pm, limiting the number of participants to 40 people per session with one tour guide assigned for every 20 people.The Hangang Nightscape Tour is a newly-developed program with the aim of introducing a unique tour course in line with the concept of exploring the extraordinary nightscape of the Hangang River, which remains unseen in the midst of the humid summer weather during the daytime. The tour will be available until this October, operating under the theme of A Romantic Night at the Hangang under the Stars.The highlight of the Hangang Nightscape Tour, perhaps, is the stories told by specialist tour guides that offer hidden historical and cultural anecdotes amid the beautiful night scenery. The guides supply a range of in-depth nighttime story-telling under the stars about parts of Seoul you may be familiar with but had not been aware of up until now, which pertain to the hidden lights and colors of the night, the bridges running across the Hangang River, the vicinity architecture, Seoraeseom Island, the Moonlight Rainbow Fountain and more.  The course embarks from Seoraeseom Island for participants to quietly take some time to themselves while enjoying the nightscape, before moving on to Sebitseom Island, manmade islands embodying the shape of a flower where everyone can feast his or her eyes on the brilliant media faade. Lastly, the tour concludes under the Moonlight Rainbow Fountain, earning the honor of becoming the Guinness World Record holder for the being worlds longest bridge fountain, allowing participants to enjoy the fountain performance, synchronizing the vibrant LED-lighted fountains nozzles with the music. Specially-designed photo zones and events are also in store for those attending the tour. Feel free to take photographs amid the LED-lit backdrop of the Hangang River at the Romantic Nightscape Photozone, exclusively in operation during tour hours every Saturday from 8 pm to 9:30 pm. Since the Hangang Nightscape Tour is operated strictly during the late-evening hours, participants must be at least 19 years of age in order to join, while children under the age of 19 require an accompanying guardian or family members. Tour admission is free and registration is available via the Public Service Reservation official sitehttp://yeyak.seoul.go.krfrom Friday, July 20. The number of participants per tour is limited to 40 and will also be operated on a first come, first served basis. Inquiries: 82-70-7791-2759
Seoul Metropolitan City is partnering with SMTOWN to create promotional videos of youthful and hot places in Seoul, targeting tourists from all four corners of the earth. Through these series, the members of the multi-nationality (USA, Canada, China, Japan) K-pop boyband NCT will present viewers their favorite spots and other trendy places in Seoul from the hip restaurants of Seongsu-dong to the glamping rooftop hotels in Myeong-dong, the traditional Hanok village of Ikseon-dong, and many more.Seoul City shared that Hot&Young Seoul Trip will be a series of twelve episodes (15 minutes each) that will follow the boys around on a one-night, two-day trip. These videos will be uploaded on YouTube in four different languages (Korean, English, Chinese, and Japanese). The first video will be aired on July 23rd at 11 am, followed by new video updates every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at 11 am on Seoul Tourism Organizations YouTube channel (youtube.com/visitseoul) and its official website (visitseoul.net). The series will also be uploaded onto SMTOWNs official YouTube channel (youtube.com/smtown).In the first episode, Johnny will show viewers around his favorite restaurant in Seongsu-dong that serves dishes from all around the world. He will share tips on how to find a perfect match between different foods so that visitors to Seoul can enjoy various dishes even during a short trip.Looking for refreshing activities during Seouls scorching summer heat? The members try out the exciting water sports available at Ttukseom Hangang Park, in the heart of the city. The show will offer viewers the opportunity to share the unforgettable memories that NCT members made along Hangang River and watch the beautiful sunset with them.After such intense sports, the members calm their hunger with none other than Seouls exclusive Hangang Delivery Food services, and move onto their next spot, a glam camping location on a hotel rooftop in Seouls most popular tourist site, Myeong-dong, to show young viewers the citys multiple charms.On the second day of their trip, viewers discover more of Seouls exclusive experiences as the members enjoy a convenient game of indoor baseball, soccer, archery, or more traditional outdoor sports. Afterwards, they hop onto N Seoul Towers cable cars and climb up to the observatory to admire Seouls beautiful landscape.Seoul is known to come with a perfect harmony of traditional and modern, and in that spirit, NCT travels to Ikseon-dong, an area that has been gaining in popularity lately, for a mukbang of both Korean and Western cuisine. Viewers can also discover the fun of walking along the narrow streets between the quiet traditional Korean houses in the area.NCTs one-night, two-day trip ends with the grandiose scenery of Gyeongbokgung Palace, as the members visit the ancient palace during its nighttime opening hours and experience the beauty of the city at night. By promoting the city through YouTube with these multi-national Hallyu stars, Seoul City hopes to reach not only China and Japan, but also the Americas and Europe, and entice the K-pop fans from all four corners of the earth to come to visit Seoul.
"Seoul city will be hosting the 2018 Water Festival from July 26 (Thu.) to 28 (Sat.) for three days at Seoul Plaza. This event aims to share the necessity of recreating a healthy water circulation system in our present days as climate change and urbanization distorted the current cycle.The Water Festival, which celebrates its third anniversary this year, introduces academic research and outstanding technologies related to the water environment, while also offering various cultural events to attract the citizens interest and participation. Among the festivals main events are the Rain Festival, the Water Fair, and the Rain School.The Rain Festival will take place in Seoul Plaza with a multitude of colorful experiential programs related to water circulation. This event will be a place for visitors to make beautiful memories in the rain as the plaza is transformed into a rainwater garden. The six water experiential programs were designed around the outstanding ideas of citizens. Among these are rainwater athletics, DIY dolls, and water cannons. In addition, a large-scale water play area will be installed for children to enjoy themselves to the fullest at the center of Seoul. At night, movies will be screened on Seoul Plazas special stage and rainfall concerts will be held for people to cool down from the summers scorching heat.The Seoul City will be holding Water Fair in the special exhibition area of Seoul Plaza in order to present outstanding products and new technologies related to water circulation in an effort to also develop related industrial technology and raise citizen awareness and interest in the matter.While the fair will be a chance to introduce the outstanding products to business in the field of water circulation and contribute to the multiplication of water circulation facilities, it is also expected to provide the participating outstanding businesses with a wide range of opportunities. Centered around cultural art and water circulation, a Rain School will be operated during the festival in Seoul Plaza to educate youths on the importance of water circulation and the value of rainwater.The Rain School will be open to middle and high school students from July 26th to 28th. A total of 100 students will be able to participate in the five programs prepared (max. 20 persons per program): Art 	classroom, traditional music classroom, illustration book classroom, magic classroom, and dance classroom.For more information and details about the programs, visit the official website of Water Festival (http://festival.seoul.go.kr/water) or call (inquiry+ 82-2-2133-3762 or 4).The Rain Playground which was under operation during 2018 Rain Festival will extend its operation for two more weeks until August 11."
Seoul Metro construction will be taking place at Dongdaemun History & Culture Park Station, Line 5, from July 18, 2018 until October 31, and the transfer route for line 5 will be completely closed during this construction in order to replace the old escalator in the transfer route. Transfer routes for line 2 and 4 will continue as usual.When the transfer route is closed, transfers from / to / onto the station from line 5 to line 2 and 4 will not be possible, and you will need to use a detour route. Passengers transferring from line 5 to line 2 can transfer at Euljiro 4-ga Station, one station away from Dongdaemun History & Culture Park Station. Passengers transferring from line 4 to line 5 can go from line 4 to line 2 at Dongdaemun History & Culture Park Station and take line 2 until Euljiro 4-ga or Wangsimni, and then transfer to line 5. Passengers can also take line 4 until Dongdaemun and transfer to line 1, take line 1 until Jongno 3-ga Station, and then transfer to line 5. Times may change according to individual walking speed.Passengers unable to take the detour route at Dongdaemun History & Culture Park Station may also exit the station and transfer above ground.The three escalators to be fixed were installed 20 years ago. In 2017, the number of obstruction cases per month had an average of 4.97, which is more than 5 times the 0.9 monthly average of other escalators managed by Seoul Metro.Seoul Metro is taking extensive measures a month in advance in order to prevent any confusion and minimize any discomfort due to the temporarily closed transfer route. Posters are put up at all 277 subway stations, and employees at Dongdaemun History & Culture Park Station are distributing fliers and other materials about the detour transfer routes at the metro boarding platform and transfer route. Moreover, each of the 277 stations and subway trains has announcements that inform passengers of the change, and there will be over 100 traffic safety volunteers and employees deployed around the station. Information will also continuously be posted on SNS and the train destination indicators.  A passenger using the emergency gate  
Mayor Park Won-soon received the internationally prestigious Lee Kuan Yew World City Prize, also called the Nobel Prize for Urban Administration, on behalf of the 10 million Seoul citizens.On Monday, July 9 at 6:15 pm, Mayor Park Won-soon was awarded a certificate, medal, and prize money of 300 thousand Singapore dollars by Singaporean president, Halimah binti Yacob at the 2018 Lee Kuan Yew World City Prize award ceremony in Singapore.Mayor Park gave his award speech, saying that it was a great achievement by amazing citizens and expressed his gratitude to the 10 million Seoul citizens and Seoul Metropolitan Government employees that helped make this change in Seoul. He also emphasized that revolutions are the movements within the hearts of the citizens, and citizens change their lives and the city paradigm through participating in the revolution process. Seoul City plans on inviting public officials from sister cities to Seoul, and operating training programs to share Seouls urban regeneration policies.The same day, before the award ceremony, there was also an arranged spot at the Marina Bay Sands Convention Center to explain directly to the global city delegation the key policies that lead Seoul to its outstanding achievement of the Lee Kuan Yew World City Prize. Designated the first transit mall, they also took time to introduce Seouls the various successful projects, such as Sinchon Yonsei-ro, a road altered for pedestrians, Mapo Oil Tank Culture Park, a 1st grade safety facility for oil reserves reborn into a complex cultural facility, Seoullo 7017, a car road changed into a pedestrian road which turned into a tourist spot gathering 10 million visitors within a year of its opening, and more. 
On July 8, Sunday, Mayor Park Won-soon was in attendance at the 2018 World Cities Summit (WCS) held in Singapore among mayors and delegates from as many as 120 cities from around the world, under the theme of Liveable & Sustainable Cities: Embracing the Future through Innovation and Collaboration.The World Cities Summit invites mayors from major cities all over the world, as well as key figures from political, financial and academic spheres, to collectively share in an innovative blueprint that enables the restoration of a liveable and sustainable city infrastructure. This biennial summit also serves as a platform to promote new, collaborative partnerships.Mayor Park first set foot out to attend the Lee Kuan Yew World City Prize. Recipient Forum at the Marina Bay Sands Convention Center. The Lee Kuan Yew World City Prize is an award given out once every two years that recognizes cities that have made outstanding contributions in the creation of a liveable and sustainable city infrastructure. The prize itself maintains international recognition from across the globe, earning it the nickname, the Nobel Prize of City Administration.Mayor Park had the opportunity to present the design for urban development to previously awarded city representatives amid preparations currently underway in the areas of Yeouido, Yongsan and other locations within Seoul, befitting of both global economic and cultural standards. He went on to provide an introduction of efforts being made to bolster public participation in metropolitan government activities while sharing in the core policies that operate as the driving force behind public participation, including the 2030 Seoul Master Plan, One Less Nuclear Power Plant Initiative, Public Participatory Budget System, etc.Following the discussion, attendees visited the Seoul Promotional Booth opened at the Marina Bay Sands Convention Center for yet another introduction to the diverse attractions Seoul has to offer.The booth introduced some of Seouls more prominent policies, including Seoullo 7017, and the Digital Civic Mayors Office, as the back wall and also provided screenings of promotional videos featuring globally-renowned photographer, Steve McCurry, and the popular K-pop boy band and Seoul promotional ambassador, BTS. In addition, artist Shin Eun-mi performed a live ink wash painting of the Seoullo 7017, harmoniously in sync with a Korean classical music instrumental that offered a peek into the alluring fusion of modern-day life and tradition in the city of Seoul. Mayor Park then made his way to the WCS Mayors Forum where he joined in the opening ceremony and roundtable discussion with other attendees to hold an in-depth deliberation on the underlying theme of the forum. 
Of cities with a population of over 10 million people, Seoul is the first in the world to receive the official Fair Trade City recognition. The goal was reached within 6 years of the 2012 Fair Trade Capital City Seoul announcement.The title of Fair Trade City is given to cities that meet all 5 standards set by the International Fair Trade Town Steering Committee, including  support of an area assembly,  supply of fair trade products by area merchants,  use within the area community,  promotion, and  convention of a local fair trade steering group.Seoul was selected as a Fair Trade City by satisfying all five of the International Fair Trade Town Steering Committees standards, through their  fair trade support resolution and ordinance resolve,  expansion to 1 fair trade provider per 25,000 people (about 400 providers),  fair trade organization announcements within area workplaces and living areas,  citizen participation in fair trade campaigns, promotions, and education (over 700,000 people), and  assembly and management of a Fair Trade Steering Committee.Continuous efforts have been made since the presentation of the Fair Trade City, Seoul announcement in cooperation with the Korea Fair Trade Organization during Seouls World Fair Trade Day Festival in Korea in 2012.Mayor Park Won-soon stated, This is a symbolic meaning and opportunity for Seoul, coming from a place that went from a poor country to a trade giant within one generation, to receive recognition as the worlds most populated fair trade city. We will ensure that Seoul is truly the capital of world fair trade by boosting citizen awareness on ethical consumerism.
From July 7-10, Mayor Park Won-soon will be in Singapore to receive the Lee Kuan Yew World City Prize, which is considered the Nobel Prize for Urban Administration.Mayor Park Won-soon will meet individually with Singapore Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong and discuss measures regarding Seoul-Singapore exchange and cooperation, for the peace of Northeast Asia and the common prosperity of all of Asia.The Lee Kuan Yew World City Prize award ceremony is held as a main event in the 2018 World Cities Summit on July 8. Mayor Park Won-soon will accept the prize on behalf of the tens of millions of Seoul citizens, and he will directly introduce Seouls various urban regeneration plans that are receiving high evaluations through the progression of core joint- participation with citizens.Seoul was selected as a prize-winning city based on the high evaluations of various urban regeneration plans that are propelled by the key power of citizen participation, such as Seoullo 7017, Sewoon Again Project, Mapo Oil Tank Culture Park, Sinchon Yeonsei-ro exclusive walking zone, and Dongdaemun re-industrialization.Mayor Park Won-soon stated, It was very meaningful for me to be able to receive the Lee Kuan Yew World City Prize through the citizen-centered regeneration policy, at such a symbolic place of peace like Singapore after the successful North Korea-US Summit. This doesnt end with the prize, and I am hoping that we, as world cities, and especially in regard to North Korean cities like Pyeongyang, can continue to seek out the path towards Northeast Asias common prosperity through the sharing of administrative know-how.
"		Dear respected fellow citizens of Seoul. Thank you. Your grand decision has allowed me to stand before you again today.		Each of your votes reflects your earnest wishes for the success of the Moon Jae-in administration. These votes embody your aspirations for complete peace and a new economic order on the Korean peninsula.They are the expression of your support for the administration I have led over the past six years and your higher expectations for Seouls future.		During the campaign, I asked for an opportunity to complete a ten-year revolution seeking to transform the citizens quality of life and you have given me the honor of being the first mayor to serve Seouls citizens for three consecutive terms. During this election, I campaigned with the commitment of a field commander. You elected 24 district mayors and 102 councilors from our political party, thereby giving the Democratic Party of Korea an opportunity to change Seoul exactly the way it should be. 		The overwhelming support for our party is truly astonishing.Yet it is also frightening, too.  From now on, everything is entirely under the responsibility of the Democratic Party of Korea. "
"		Based on the wisdom and competence that it has acquired over the years,we will put in every effort to fulfill the citizens demandsas our municipal administration devotes itself to reshaping the lives of Seouls citizens. "
"		Dear fellow citizens, Over the past six years, Seoul experienced numerous changes."
		Humankind that was pushed to the sidelines during the era of development and growth finally stands at the heart of the citys administration.
"		The burden that each individual had to bear alone, has now been lightened with the help of Seoul City through a new institutional arrangement. 		Community service centers provide home-based welfare benefits to those who still fall through the safety net. More children are able to attend public daycare centers today.Multiple irregular workers have become full-time employees, and the supply of public rental housing has eased the citizens housing burdens.  However, we still have a long way to go.An incalculable number of people I met on the campaign trail, faced a harsh and desperate reality.		Ever-rising household debt Shop owners suffering from high rents and credit card fees The worst youth unemployment in history Working moms suffering from occupational burnout Many young people who have given up on love, marriage and childbearing.		To change the lives of our citizens, we still have many challenges to face.		In the past, I led a difficult fight to push for policies focusing on the improvement of our citizens lives, despite the opposition of a conservative government. Yet, I still regret not having been bolder or not faster. "
"		Dear fellow citizens, The ultimate reform in this era is to end poverty once and for all.The greatest task Seoul has to face is resolving the problems that citizens meet in their everyday lives.Over the next four years, I will do everything in my power to improve the citizens quality of life.I will never hesitate, nor will I pause in my devotion to looking after your lives.  First, I will solve the issue that one million self-employed citizens face, standing at the brink of survival.As promised, I will lessen their heavy burden of credit card fees by lowering the rate below 1 percent within the year. I will also realize a paid sick leave system and incorporate them into the countrys employment safety net. Second, I will solve the high rent issue, our eras most substantial source of suffering. I will make sure that tragedies such as the one that occurred at the restaurant Gungjung Jokbal in Seochon will never happen again. I will find solutions to the high rent issue that threatens the survival of citizens living in rental housing as well as those doing business in rental properties. Of course, I cannot do it on my own: there must be an institutional support. I will join forces with the central government and the National Assembly to achieve this goal. If not, I will absolutely make it possible in solidarity with all the tenants, the self-employed and people in general.  Third, I will start working today to find a complete solution to childcare.The childcare gap is directly connected to unemployment rates, womens career disruption, and low birthrates.During my term, I will realize a complete public childcare system so that the heartbreaking fate of Kim Ji-young: Born in 1982 will never be a reality in Seoul again.  Fourth, I will solve the housing issue which plagues the citizens of Seoul more than anything else.I will supply 240,000 public housing units while in office, thereby raising the proportion of public housing in the city to 10% for the first time in South Koreas history.  Fifth, I will launch the Long March for Jobs, Season 2 to improve todays job market. The countrys unemployment is largely due to external and structural elements such as continuously low economic growth and the ongoing Fourth Industrial Revolution. Yet, I am certain that we can mitigate the problem to a considerable extent through our own initiatives. I will make practical and realistic efforts instead of depending on theories and statistics to create jobs."
"		The situation is grave. Emergency warnings are signaling the difficulties that ordinary people must face in their everyday life.  I will take all the emergency measures necessary to help the citizens welfare. I will begin by diving into the citizens lives myself. 		To change the citizens lives, we must meet citizens in their daily lives, not at the mayors desk. I will move the mayors office to locations that require the mayors influence the most.I will start by living among the people of Gangbuk, sharing both the pleasures and pains of life with them. 		I will commute to work and share my daily life with the local residents, to make an accurate diagnosis of their arduous lives.I will sympathize with your pain.I will lay out alternative solutions.I will change the lives of citizens in Seoul. 		Dear fellow citizens of Seoul,  The citys decade-long revolution to change the citizens lives for the better requires funds and investments. So far, I have reduced the citys debt by KRW 8 trillion to fill its reserves.I will now invest in the improvement of your lives through a bold fiscal expansion policy. I will make the citizens of Seoul thrive even if the city must endure shrinking finances.		Above all, I will make changes rapidly. I will focus on policies that will change your lives for the better in a tangible manner."
"		Dear fellow citizens of Seoul, 		I feel a heavy burden on my shoulders as I must fulfill the requests that you have made.Nonetheless, I am also thrilled at the idea of completing the decade-long revolution that will Seouls citizens lives for the better. I am proud to have opened an era of social friendship based on community life, instead of a lonely individualist society. I am now happy to be able to dream of Seoul in the new Northeast Asian era moving toward peace and coexistence.		As I take my first steps on the untouched path of the third term, I promise to do my utmost to fulfill all of my duties faithfully and to join hands with you to make deeper, broader, and more sustainable changes.		Lets begin this exciting, beautiful journey together. Great cities are built by great citizens. Today again, the citizens remain the mayor in Seoul. Thank you."
The Baek In-je House, located in the Bukchon Hanok Village, will be initiating Friday and Saturday night operations during the months of July and August, permitting last entrance at 8:40 pm, followed by the closing of operations at 9 pm. Reservations are required through the Seoul Public Service Reservation System (http://yeyak.seoul.go.kr) during the two month period as guests will be treated to a guided tour of the House. Guests who obtain all the hidden stamps at five locations throughout the House will receive a special souvenir gift comprised of five different Baek In-je House postcards as a stamp tour is simultaneously conducted. Designated as Seoul Folk Cultural Heritage No. 22 and capturing the design of the modern hanok as it was built in 1913, the Baek In-je House was procured by Seoul City from the Baek In-je family, followed by structural renovations and the restoration of the architecture and lifestyle at the time prior to the opening of its doors on November 11, 2015.The Baek In-je House is the very first hanok to be opened to the public in the Bukchon area and maintains characteristic features different for traditional hanoks in that the sarangchae and main building are connected by a hallway amid the frequent use of red bricks and glass windows. It covers an expansive area of 2,460  that allows guests to get a peek into the lifestyle of not only hanok culture, but also what life was like during the Japanese Colonial Era and for the Seoul-based upper class with its unique modern-day design featuring a two-story portion of the main building.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government confers honorary citizenship upon international residents in Seoul in recognition of their contributions to the city and the local community, including being a role model to Seoul citizens as well as other foreign residents. Recommendation for Honorary Citizenship of Seoul
The 2018 Seoul Summer Sale, Seouls largest shopping tourism festival, is set to open next month from July 1 to July 31. The festival is targeted toward foreign tourists throughout the city of Seoul, providing the opportunity to enjoy diverse sales events featuring the attendance of preferred brand names within the department store, duty-free shopping, market, passenger transportation, hotel and other industries.The festival is expected to achieve its greatest scale yet with as many as 70 additional businesses in attendance compared to last year, totalling 203 businesses with 1,537 shops scheduled for operation over the course of the month-long event.Seoul also has plans for the installation of a welcoming electronic display at Incheon International Airport for arriving foreign tourists, as well as the distribution of 50,000 Welcome Kits containing discount coupons and official leaflets offering information on the participating businesses in the promotion of the festival. In addition, mobile coupons are available for tourists to more readily take advantage of discount offers to encourage convenient use.Mobile coupons may be downloaded at the Seoul Summer Sale official website (http://sale.visitseoul.net/summer2018/). Discounts are rewarded by having visited participating shops and presenting the coupon upon product purchasing.
Panorama of Ttukseom Outdoor Swimming PoolSeoul will be operating its Hangang Park outdoor swimming pool facilities in Ttukseom, Gwangnaru, Jamsil and Jamwon to welcome in the summer season from June 29 to August 26, encouraging residents to enjoy themselves at a location closer to home. The Yeouido swimming pool and water parks located in Nanji and Yanghwa are scheduled to open as of July 6. The Mangwon swimming pool, however, will be closed this year due to plans for construction.The Hangang Park outdoor swimming pool, located at the heart of the city, offers a view of the river amid an open, pleasant water park atmosphere, with both swimming and other diverse facilities available, earning its steady popularity over the years as a summer getaway.Swimming pools are divided according to age groups as well, including separate pools for adults teenagers children and toddlers to ensure the safety of pool visitors. Shower facilities, snack bars and various supplementary facilities are also available.Entrance fees for pool facilities are KRW 5,000 for adults, KRW 4,000 for teenagers and KRW 3,000 for children, while the water park is available for a fee of KRW 3,000 for adults, KRW 2,000 for teenagers and KRW 1,000 for children with children under six years of age are permitted free entrance. Presenting parking tickets at facility entrances also earns visitors a 50% off discount from entrance fees.Facilities are open daily from 9 am to 7 pm and all visitors are required to wear swimming caps to help guarantee clean water quality and the assurance of sanitation for everyone.Seoul City has postponed the opening of Yeouido Outdoor Pool and Nanji Yanghwa Water Playground from July 6 to July 13
With the upcoming scorching heat, Seoul City will open the Seoul Battleship Park until nighttime and hold various programs from June 23 to August 26, 2018.The two main events will be  Marvelous Summer Night, during which the weekend visiting hours will be extended by two hours for special entertainment events, and  Combat Ration and Hardtack Experience, that will offer visitors the opportunity to indirectly experience the life of marines in the ships cafeteria.First, with the nighttime opening, the visiting hours will be extended until 10 p.m. so that visitors can cool off from the summer heat and enjoy special exhibitions and events in the park.Special programs will be held until August 26, 2018 and more of the usually guided visits and outdoor shows will be organized during that period. Visitors will be lead around the parks main exhibitions during a one-hour guided visit starting at 8 p.m., featuring many easy explanations and interesting stories.The outdoors shows will be held from 7:30 p.m. on the battleships deck for people to also enjoy Seongsandaegyo Bridges lighting landscape, the beautiful evening glow, and a refreshing breeze coming from the river. Visitors can certainly enjoy a restful time at the park while winding down from the heat with delightful music at the battleship park.In addition, visitors will have the unique opportunity to indirectly live the life of a marine in the ships cafeteria as they try out the combat ration, the food that soldiers would eat in case of emergency or during training. The Combat Ration Experience will be held once per weekday (midday), and twice per weekend day and on public holidays (midday, 6 p.m.). Hardtack (KRW 1,000) and two rice dishes prepared with hot water, Jjambongbap and Bibimbap (KRW 4,000), will be offered. For special reasons, 28 persons will be allowed in the cafeteria at a time on a first come, first served basis.Directions: Take the Bus No. 16 from Hapjeong Station (Subway line 2 or 6), get off at Mangwon Hangang Park  Seoul Battleship Park and walk toward Hangang park.Inquiries: 82-2-332-7500Website: seoulbattleshippark.com
As we walk into the summer period, Seoullo 7017 has organized a variety of programs to enjoy with family, friends or special ones. Seoullo Parade is expected to be popular among friends or couples, while the Puppet Show should be a perfect event for the younger visitors and their families, and Board Game and Reading Programs likely to be greatly appreciated by office workers in the neighborhood and residents.Seoul City will hold Seoullos parade Summer Night Dance Parade on June 30th from 6 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. starting at Seoullo 7017s upper end (Mongnyeon Madang) and finishing at its lower end (Malli-dong Plaza).An exciting puppet show that will send both adults and children to a world of innocence will be held every Saturday at 6 p.m. and 8 p.m. from June 23rd to August 18th, for a total of 18 shows. Fourteen teams of professional and amateur groups will hold performances on different themes every week that will be free of charge for everyone to attend. Please be aware that depending on the situation, the venue and the time of the performances may be changed. People who wish to attend shows are advised to check the schedule in advance through the official website (seoullo7017.seoul.go.kr).The Summer Night Dance Parade (parade), Seoullo Puppet Show (puppet show), Seoullo Escape Resting Area (board game, book club), and all other programs are free of charge. Please visit the official webpage for more information and pre-registration (seoullo7017.seoul.go.kr).
Seoul City has been conducting drinking water quality standard tests for its tap water Arisu on 170 criteria, which exceed the number of criteria (163) as recommended by the World Health Organization (WHO). Among the 170 criteria are 60 on drinking water standards and 110 from Seoul Citys own internal criteria for observation. According to the outcome of research from last year, Seoul City has successfully passed the conformity assessment in all criteria of drinking water quality standards for all the districts of Seoul. Seoul City is in the process of conducting detailed and comprehensive examination for every stage of water quality control, from the upper region of the Hangang River which is the source of water intake to all Arisu distillation centers, autonomous districts, and water faucets in general areas, for safe drinking water quality control. Meanwhile, Seoul is providing various drinking water-related policies and information for citizen participation through its Arisu Quality Report, and more information can be found on the Arisu website (http://arisu.seoul.go.kr).In addition, those who are curious about tap water quality provided to their homes may receive a free water quality test and a check-up or verification on the status of their water pipes (Dasan Call Center 120).
Seoul City was selected for its third consecutive year as one of the worlds most active locations for international conferences.According to the June 15th International Meetings Statistics Report, an official statistical report showing where international conference locations were held throughout a given year provided by the Union of International Associations (UIA), Seoul was selected as the third largest host city of international conferences having risen by 31% (162) from the previous year for a total of 688.The remaining top five include Singapores 877, Brussels 763, Seouls 688, Viennas 515 and Tokyos 269.Following the establishment of the 2013 MICE Promotional Master Plan, Seoul currently is striving to promote the MICE industry through the operation of a sustained support program for the successful promotion and conducting of related events after having discovered potential demands within the field through constant database analysis of the international MICE industry.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is operating an open, first come first serve recruitment for the 2018 Seoul Race at the race website (www.seoul-race.co.kr) from June 18 to September 18. The Seoul Race will commence from 8 am on October 14 at the Seoul Plaza with as many as 10,000 expected in attendance, including local residents, marathoners, foreign participants and more. This years race will be divided into the 10km course and half course (21.0975km), open for everyone to participate. The 10km course will be held as an open international competition where world-class marathon athletes and regular marathoners will be able to participate with one another. Entrance fees are running at 40,000 KRW that include both a premium, functional t-shirt for active wear and the awarding of a medal upon completion of the race.For further details, please visit the official website at (www.seoul-race.co.kr) or call the Seoul Race operations office at 82-2-361-1425, 7.
The newly updated mobile application for Seoul Public Bike Ttareungyi will offer new services starting June 15th, 2018. The membership registration process is facilitated with the updated Ttareungyi mobile application. Indeed, a convenient login feature has been added so that new members can easily log in and use the app using their current social media accounts.The map-based services have also been strengthened: with the newly added feature that will inform users of nearby Ttaereungyi rental sites based on their location, users will be able to rent a bike and also check the number of available bikes at each location by simply clicking on a rental site. In addition, thanks to a new bookmark feature, frequent users will be able to forget the hassle of searching and directly chose a rental site after having saved their favorites. Lastly, users will also freely be able to suggest the installation of new rental sites through the Rental Site Installation Request Menu, and easily notify of failure or faults by simply clicking on the problematic area of the bicycle on an image that will be provided.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government and Korea Football Association are set to hold a joint 2018 World Cup Street Cheering at both Seoul and Gwanghwamun Plazas.The cheering event is to take place at the two designated locations to cheer on the Korean national team during their preliminary round matchups with Sweden (9 pm on Monday, June 18), Mexico (12 am on Sunday, June 24th) and Germany (11 pm on Wednesday, June 27).The rallies held at each location will offer different atmospheres for everyone to enjoy. Gwanghwamun Plaza will serve as the main stage with a 500 screen to provide comfortable viewing pleasure for the cheering supporters to passionately root for the national team, while the Seoul Plaza is planned to be operated as a quieter, more family-oriented atmosphere. There are also celebratory performances in store, as well as various programs for cheering-goers to participate in first hand to help cheer the national team on. Performances featuring six to seven different teams of singers and artists, featuring the red devil official theme song, are scheduled for each day of cheering.  Games & Performance ScheduleIn order to promote a safe return for all the visiting cheering-goers during the games scheduled to go into the early morning hours (i.e. Mexico match on June 24 and Germany match on June 27), Line 2 (green subway line) and several bus lines are scheduled to operate for in line with the ending time of the matches, in addition to the increase in late-night taxi operations by as many as 48,000  taxis.  Detailed line operation information may be accessed at the 120 Dasan Call Center or at the Seoul Transport Operation & Information Service (TOPIS) website (http://topis.seoul.go.kr/eng/english.jsp) City Bus (73 lines): 101, 103, 105, 143, 146, 150, 160, 171, 172, 260, 270, 271, 272, 273, 301, 333, 341, 342, 350, 360, 362, 370, 400, 401, 402, 405, 406, 470, 471, 472, 500, 501, 504, 506, 600, 601, 602, 603, 606, 700, 702A, 702B, 704, 705, 707, 710, 720, 721, 740, 1020, 1711, 2413, 2415, 3217, 3411, 3412, 3414, 3417, 3425, 4318, 4319, 4419, 7016, 7018, 7019, 7022, 7025, 7212, 9401, 9701, 9703, 9709, 9714 Maeul (Village) Buses (6 lines): Gangnam 01, Gangnam 06, Gangnam 07, Gangnam 08, Jongno 09, Jongno 11
Seouls premier hangout area, Banpo Hangang Park, and the primary thoroughfare of downtown Seoul, Sejong-daero, will be transformed into the latest fashion trend zone and cultural performance area for this years fashion show event to be held on June 9 at 7:20 pm and 8:50 pm.This years extravaganza is set to feature unique characteristic apparel by the designer of Charms set to a festival theme.The show is scheduled to take place on this years Car Free Day, June 17, at 2:30 pm and 4:00 pm, on the very street of Sejong-daero. The theme of Fantasy Seoul will underlie the fashion show to portray the beauty of the increasingly popular style of K-fashion, while all the designers scheduled to participate have prepared fashion apparel expressing Korean and eastern sensibility amid the backdrop of Gwanghwamun, the symbol of the city of Seoul. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government, in collaboration with Platform Chang Dong 61, will hold the Chang Dong Culture Station four-day music festival in celebration of the Platform Chang Dong 61s second anniversary from June 21-24, offering all performance seating free of charge.June 2016The 1st Annual DMZ Peace Train Music Festival will also be celebrated in tandem during the same time period of the Chang Dong Culture Station to promote the message of world peace and unification. Amid the anniversary of the Korean War on June 25, the World Cup and other key dates during the third week of June, a vast array of cultural and arts events are scheduled to take place, advocating themes of peace and passion. Platform Chang Dong 61 opened in June 2016 as a cultural complex of music and performances, comprised of a specially-designed lot housing 61 containers within the once culturally-deprived area of Chang-dong and Sanggye-dong. Plans are also in the works to create Koreas first-ever grand performance hall by 2023, to be called the Seoul Arena, which will have a seating capacity of 20,000, with the aim of increasing its popularity beyond northeastern Seoul and become the performance hotspot and new culture breeding ground for the entire city.During the four days of the festival, approximately 60 different organizations and businesses will partake in a free market, while busking performances as well as a childrens play zone featuring a mini carousel, classic arcade gaming area and more, will be available in the parking lot. At midnight of the 24th, the Platform Chang Dong 61 Red Box will set up a large projector screen to provide free coverage of the 2018 FIFA World Cup Russia Group F match between Korea and Mexico. <Chang Dong Culture Station> performance attendance require first come, first serve reservations that can be made at Interpark and other online ticket providers after visiting the Platform Chang Dong 61 website (www.platform61.kr).
