On June 12, the 2018 Foreign Startups Business Fair is scheduled to be held on the 4th floor of the COEX in Samseong-dong and will offer information on products and services, as well as ideas from foreign startups that have been launched domestically within the fields of IT, manufacturing, trade and much more. The opportunity is also available for Korean SMEs in the midst of developing routes into the global market to establish partnerships with foreign startups through on-site consultation. Every year the fair conducts a successful opening with at least 300 representatives from various enterprises partaking in the event, while as many as 15 businesses from different fields are expected to attend, providing services that range from education on drones, robotics manufacturing and other IT fields to Korean enterprise-focused consultation for those seeking advancement into the European market. A total of nine countries from around the world are scheduled to partake in the fair, including France, Netherlands and the U.S. The 2018 Foreign Startups Business Fair will open its doors on June 12 from 12 pm to 4 pm. For information regarding foreign businesses that will attend, how to partake within the fair itself and other event details, please visit the center website (http://global.seoul.go.kr) or contact the center directly via phone at +82-2-60017240. 
Seoul plans to paint a new, special picture by holding more diverse programs in June as part of its Sejong-daero pedestrian-friendly street events.On June 17, the Seoul 365 Fashion Show, with its runway set against Gwanghwamun as the background, will be held twice, at 2:30 pm and 4 pm. There will also be a Korean event in celebration of UN International Day of Yoga, joined by 3,000 yogis.On June 24, Go Skateboarding Day, a worldwide skateboarding festival will be held. It will include a skateboarding competition as well as various experience programs for the general public.There will also be street busking performances as well as the Citizens Open Stage where people can freely engage in performances of the song, dance, and musicals. Sejong-daero car-free street events will be run every Sunday until the end of June, after which there will be a break in operations so as to avoid the extreme summer heat before starting back up again in September. From 10 am to 7 pm on Sundays on which events are held, traffic in the direction of Gwanghwamun three-way intersection  Sejong-daero intersection will be restricted. The city of Seoul requests that public transportation be used as much as possible, and that vehicle operator  who plan to use roads in the vicinity check information regarding detours in advance.Also, 40 buses that normally travel along Sejong-daero will operate along alternate routes, and 3 bus stops within the car-free zone between Gwanghwamun  Sejong-daero will be closed. Therefore, those wishing to arrive by bus should get off at a nearby stop such as Gwanghwamun (in front of Dongwha Duty Free) or Jongno 1(-ga (in front of Jonggak) and walk, or should take the subway instead. The city of Seoul also offers transportation information through the  120 Dasan Seoul Call Center, the Seoul Transport Operation & Information Service website (topis.seoul.go.kr), mobile web (m.topis.seoul.go.kr), and the Pedestrian-Friendly Street website (www.seoul.go.kr/story/walk).
The Seoul Metropolitan Governments know-how in creating a smart city, currently maintaining its status as the No. 1 E-government in the global market since 2003, has been incorporated into the implementation of the mid-to-long term urban development planning of Manila, the capital of the Philippines boasting of a 12 million resident populace.Seoul government officials were granted a four-day invitation from the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority (MMDA) to open a special forum on location in order to share in the success and operations of the Seoul Smart City paradigm from May 29 to June 1 for four days.Discussions are set to take place for future partnerships following the introduction of Seouls unique paradigm itself, including the autonomous, high-speed data communication network, which currently functions as the core infrastructure of its smart city, public Wi-Fi, integrated surveillance control center and a smart cybersecurity  system.Seoul officials are to begin the forum by providing a briefing in regard to the creation process and operations of the Seouls smart city at the Seoul-Manila MMDA Smart City Seminar. In particular, they will discuss the implementation of Seouls smart technology that includes features such as the high-speed data communication network (e-SeoulNet, u-SeoulNet: optical networking systems that connect Seoul with district governments and municipal offices), intelligent traffic system (ITS) and more, in order to alleviate some of the chronic issues of Manila, including traffic congestion and air pollution.Following the seminar, officials are scheduled to visit Manilas integrated control center to analyze the communications infrastructure and current system operations prior to discussing partnership feasibility, having compared Manilas system with Seouls integrated surveillance control center, the ICT safety control tower of the city.Talks with the MMDA chairman are expected to cover explanations as to the driving force behind Seouls being able to overcome the difficulties it had dealt with during the process of establishing a smart city environment while offering a hand in partnership to actively work toward alleviating Manilas current ailments in order to help it evolve into a smart city of its own.Officials have also placed emphasis on seeking out the opportunity to introduce the technological expertise and competitiveness of Seoul Appia Consortium (SAPCON) member corporations and the exporting of outstanding domestic ICT brands.
By establishing its 2018 plan to appoint global estate agencies, Seoul City is planning to expand the number of agencies from 223 to 250 in order to facilitate the everyday life of foreign residents. Since it first designated 20 offices as global real estate agencies in 2008, Seoul City has been expanding the number of appointed offices every year to match the growth of the city as a global city and is now providing housing convenience to over 273,000 foreign residents in Seoul as of the Q1 of 2018.The current 223 offices offer services in English (170), Japanese (35), English and Japanese (9), Chinese (4), Chinese and English (3), and other languages (2) and are operating per borough.A real estate agency who wants to be designated as a global real estate agency office can receive an application form from the Real Estate division of a local government office, fill it in and submit it from May 25 to June 29 to the Real Estate division of its local government office. Offices will be designated after examination.In addition, agencies designated as a Global Real Estate Agency will be advertised on Seoul Citys Global Center website (http://global.seoul.go.kr), Seoul Metropolitan Governments English website (http://www.seoul.go.kr), Seoul Real Estate Information Squares website (http://land.seoul.go.kr), and Korea Association of Realtors website so that more foreign residents can have access to their services.The designation certificate and promotional logo are planned to be distributed to the offices additionally designated as Global Real Estate Agencies in July. Inquiry: Seoul Metropolitan Government 02-2133-4675 (Land Management Division), or the Real Estate division of each local government office.
The Seoul Drum Festival, marking the 20th anniversary since its opening in 1999, will be held from this Friday, May 25, to Saturday, May 26, at the Seoul Plaza under the slogan, Feel your heartbeat with the sound of the drums! Passion in unity! Seoul Drum Festival!This years festival tears down the boundary between audience and stage to offer a variety of unique programs, in which the public may actively participate, and is scheduled to present a high-class performance that reaches out to the audience for everyone to enjoy the intense release of energy, uniting the crowd amidst the beat of the drums!The Seoul Drum Festival began featuring professional arts performances centered around western-style drums since its 16th anniversary opening in 2014 and is progressively growing in popularity and influence. Since 2017, marking its 19th anniversary opening, a drum competition was featured as an accompanying program, offering the opportunity for competitors of all ages and levels, from elementary school to semi-professional, to put their passion on display. The festival continues to evolve alongside various programs for participants and festival-goers, regardless of age or background.On Friday, May 25, from 7:00 pm to 7:50 pm, the drum competition will be held with as many as 15 scheduled performances from audience members, followed up by the judging and awarding of outstanding acts for the top three performances.On both Friday and Saturday, from 8:00 pm to 10:00 pm, special guest music and drum performances will light up the stage featuring an elite class of drummers comprised of five Koreans and three foreign guests.This Seoul Drum Festival goes beyond that of a spectating event and offers a plethora of programs for everyone to learn all there is about drums and try a hand at the art of drumming for themselves! All festival-goers are also welcome to come and play the drums during the entire course of the festival at the 20th Anniversary Commemoration Zone! On Saturday, May 26, from 5:00 pm to 6:00 pm, global drumming sensation, Benny Greb, will provide a very special master class to share the know-how for the art of drumming for everyone that is interested prior to his stage performance. 
Seoullo 7017 celebrated its one-year anniversary on the 20th of May, 2018, with a remarkable total of 10 million visitors nearly in sight. Over the past year, the city walkway saw an average of 30,000 visitors on the weekends and 20,000 visitors during the week, in addition to approximately two million foreign visitors. Age group-based percentages found those in their twenties and thirties to comprise the majority of visitors at 26.1% and 23.9% respectively, while 41.1% of visitors typically were discovered to enter through the Seoul Station Plaza, with the Namdaemun Market being the second most popular entrance area at 19.7%. As many as 1,305 unique festivals and events were held, from the passing of the Pyeongchang Winter Olympic torch to fashion shows, parades and more, amid guests from around 20 different countries coming to admire and benchmark the walkway and festivities, acquiring an outstanding 83.8% satisfactory rate among foreign visitors. The Seoullo 7017 is gradually evolving into a part of the everyday lives of community residents and neighborhood merchants as it becomes a hub for revitalizing the area of downtown Seoul. According to the Namdaemun Merchants Association, since the opening of the walkway, the number of visitors has recently increased by as much as 20% as the summer season approaches. The 288 different kinds of trees numbering 13,866 and the 95,391 flowers and vine plant life are also settling in, showing a survival rate of approximately 95% throughout the year. Malli-dong Plaza, in particular, has also been designated as an air pollution-free zone with the 4,182 specially-selected trees showing a significant impact in air purification. This last year has witnessed a total of 1,267,092 Seoul residents partaking in the various 1,305 festivals and events. In addition, the identity and symbolism of the vastly-popular city walkway, stretching over a 1-km distance, has been accentuated through numerous walking events and parades and various daily programs geared toward neighborhood office workers and residents.Seoullo 7017s positive influence on community residents as it brought about the transformation from a pollution-inducing traffic road to a green-friendly city walkway has been the subject of much reporting both domestically and worldwide from known media outlets such as Englands The Guardian and more. 
Seoul City and SBA (Seoul Business Agency) will be hosting an offline market and sales design project I Market U Seoul from May 25 until May 27, 2018 at Olympic Park, which realizes its social values by supporting the Small and Medium-sized Enterprises of Seoul (companies with socio-economic impact, startups, and small enterprises or small business owners).Through cooperation with various region-based participation subjects, I Market U Seoul is consolidating its status as a venue of The Sustainable festival. It is being actively held and scheduled to be held in areas such as Sinchon, Cheonggyecheon, Seokchon Lake, etc. in the first half of 2018, and the event at Olympic Park is set to be held in the largest scale of the first half of 2018.This event to be held with 200 participating companies in the month of The Family (May) will provide a variety of attractions and spectacles. In particular, a variety of unit events prepared with Seoul Citys certified Hi Seoul Good Products Award will be created for the enjoyment of all The Family members. Meanwhile, as a special event for purchasing customers, this event has prepared various events with an abundance of giveaways, etc. Customers who purchase products at the event can obtain coins which they can use to participate in gift-exchanging events according to the Number of coins they obtain.Moreover, this large-scale event will also provide a variety of attractions such as the fashion market of Hi Seoul Showroom designer brands and an outdoor fashion show for people living in the neighborhood. The fashion show will be held in harmony with dance performances, opera gala shows, etc., and with no admission fees, people can participate freely in the events.
In May 2018, <Culture Seoul> makes its return to a new stage. For the month of May, known as the month of family, the <2018 Culture Seoul> will raise the curtains to welcome a grand journey which will continue until October 2018, offering musical performances of various genres that can be enjoyed with families, including classical music, musicals, K-pop, fusion Korean traditional music, etc.<Culture Seoul> is a Cultural event that started in 2015, offering performances of diverse genres ranging from classical music and Korean traditional music to circus performances on the specially installed stage of Seoul Plaza. Around 200,000 audiences have viewed the performances so far, in a total of 176 concerts as of 2017. <2018 Culture Seoul> will start this years grand journey of performances to be held for six months on the permanent stage, with opening concerts on May 14 and May 15 (Mon-Tue).
Sangam DMC in Seoul will become a test platform for Cooperative Automated Driving: vehicles that can drive themselves. This will be the worlds first testbed that is able to assess all the vehicle communication networks used today, including 5G, and starting in mid-2019, a pilot Automated Bus will be circulating around the area.Indeed, with its diverse roads, including tunnels and roundabouts, Sangam DMC was chosen by experts from the autonomous vehicle industry as the most preferred place for a testbed. Seoul City officially selected this area after taking into consideration its driving environment, its suitability for autonomous driving and its usability, as well as experts and business partners advice.<Car-to-car and car-to-road exchanges of traffic information through sensors on the road and high-speed communication networks>The High-end Cooperative Automated Driving Pilot Site is made of roads with built-in sensors and high-speed communication networks to allow real time car-to-infrastructure and car-to-car exchanges of traffic information. In case of sudden danger, such as a pedestrian in the cars blind spot, a car driving on the wrong side of the road or a vehicle that suddenly stops, the sensors installed on the car and the road will detect the danger and exchange information with the cars around them in real time through the high speed communication network.With the V2X (Vehicle to Everything) technology, these Connected cars will be able to mutually connect with their environment through the wireless network wherever they may be, just like smartphones. Indeed, these sensors will be the key to overcome the limits of autonomous driving and create a safer urban driving environment. <The worlds first testbed to assess all vehicle communication networks used today, including 5G>Cooperative Automated Driving, in particular, requires a fast and stable communication network as it needs precise real-time exchanges of information. To test all existing vehicle communication networks, Seoul City is establishing a vehicle network convergence infrastructure which includes 5G C-V2X, a communication network that can connect with all cars and Wave, a wireless communication network.<Pilot test and commercialization test of the Automated Bus that will circulate in Sangam DMC by mid-2019>With such Cooperative Automated Driving infrastructure, Seoul City will start operating an Automated Bus from the end of 2019 at the earliest. Starting with Digital Media City Station (Line 6), the bus will circulate around DMCs major spots two to three times a day, free of charge. If the tests on this pilot bus are successful, Seoul City plans on commercializing it through projects such as One-touch Bus to reach more isolated regions.
Enjoying the benefits of Discover Seoul Pass with one single card  a special pass for foreign tourists. As this pass grew in popularity and 25,000 cards were sold barely two years after the card was first released, Seoul City has partnered up with Seoul Tourism Organization to unleash a new card on May 5th (Wed) with upgraded services and functions. The goal is to firmly establish this pass as a must-have tourism product in Seoul.Discover Seoul Pass is a tourist pass that Seoul City introduced in July 2016 specially for foreign tourists. This card does not only allow free admission to Seouls popular tourist attractions, but tourists may also enjoy Seouls major tourist attractions in a convenient and effective manner according to their various preferences thanks to the cards public transportation function, its shopping discounts, its pass to Korean culture experiences, and more.The newly released Discover Seoul Pass has five main upgrades:  Access to more tourist attractions,  Mobile versions of the pass,  Strengthened transportation function,  Diversified pass,  More sellers and distributors.First, the number of tourist facilities to which card holders can be admitted free of charge or with a discounted price has been increased from 32 to 66.Second, a brand-new mobile pass has been unleashed. Tourists can now download the Discover Seoul Pass mobile application and buy a pass through it whenever they wish and wherever they may be. This is to answer the problem of the previous inconvenient system in which tourists had to firstly buy the pass, then register it on the mobile application, or buy the pass online and receive it at a pick-up location once they arrive in Korea.Third, the transportation function has been greatly enhanced. While keeping the previous T-money function, a one-way Incheon International Airport  Seoul Railway Station (AREX) boarding pass, a one-day City Tour Bus boarding pass, and a 24-hour voucher for Seoul Bikes Ttareungyi have also been added.Fourth, the pass has been diversified with a new 72-hour version added on top of the previous 24-hour and 48-hour passes. Keeping their prices, the 24-hour pass is sold at KRW 39,900 and the 48-hour pass at KRW 55,000, while the 72-hour pass can be bought at KRW 70,000. The prices are the same for the mobile version of the pass.Fifth, there are now 50 online and offline distributors, compared to the previous 37.Meanwhile, after analyzing the routes of pass users through big data, it was revealed that most foreign tourists using the 24-hour Seoul Pass start by visiting Gyeongbokgung Palace and visit Namsan Seoul Tower in the evening to end their day while enjoying the citys night view.For more information on where to use, how to use, and how to buy the pass, please visit https://www.discoverseoulpass.com. Seoul City and Seoul Tourism Organization are distributing a Discover Seoul Pass which offers free admission or discounts to Seouls most popular historical, cultural, and entertainment sites for the convenience of Free Independent Travelers.
The Seoul Museum of History will host a music concert with the subtitle of <Touched> at the modern hanok Baek In-je House with 100 years of history, located in Bukchon, Gahoe-dong, Jongno-gu, from 5pm on May 12, 2018. The stage will be prepared at a sophisticated traditional hanok, and some of the best musicians actively performing around the world will play at a touching concert.Professor Seo Hye-yeon, who has worked as a world opera singer of Korea, took position as the producer and music director of the program and plans to present the audience with sophisticated music from Korean traditional music to western classical music. It is anticipated to be a special and touching music festival where the audience could interact with some of the best musicians from Korea at a close distance in the midst of a beautiful atmosphere of a traditional house. Bukchon Music Concert, which started its first concert in May 2016, will stage a total of four concerts in spring and fall of 2018. The concerts will be held on Saturdays at 5pm, on May 12 (8th), June 9 (9th), September 8 (10th), and October 13 (11th).For the first concert of this year on May 12 (Sat), Hornist Kim Hong-park, Clarinetist Cho Sung-ho, pianist Kim Jae-won, Pansori diva Kim Tae-hee, and drum player Jo Yong-bok will play music at the concert subtitled <Touched>. Following this concert, pianist Ilya Rashkovskiy, soprano Son Ji-hye, violinist Baek Ju-young, and pianist Kang Ji-hyeon will give a passionate performance at the June concert, <Subtitle: Passion>.Details of Bukchon Music Concerts in May and June can be found on the website of Seoul Museum of History (www.museum.seoul.kr) and Seoul Metropolitan Government (www.seoul.go.kr). Admission tickets can be reserved online or bought on site after 4pm on a First come, first serve basis on the day of the concert.  Baek In-je House, the location of Bukchon Music Concerts, was owned by Han Sang-ryong who was a banker during the Japanese colonial period. The owner of the house has changed numerous times since its first construction. Seoul City bought the house in 2009 from a descendent of Baek In-je, founder of Inje University Paik Hospital, refurnished the house as a historical house museum and has opened the site to the public since November 2015. A modern hanok representing Bukchon, Baek In-je House offers a glimpse into the hanok culture of Bukchon, phases of the Japanese Colonial Period, and the lives of the high-class citizens of Seoul. Admission to Baek In-je House is free of charge. Operation hours is from 9am to 6pm, closing every Monday (16, Bukchon-ro 7-gil). (May 12, 2018 (Sat), 5pm, Main Building Garden)
With e-sports creating a new Korean wave, Seoul City launches a brand-new tourism product: The e-Sports Tour Program.Participants will have the opportunity to visit Koreas largest e-sports standing stadium at the S-Plex Center in Sangam-dong (31, Maebongsan-ro, Mapo-gu) with its Hall of Fame featuring the history of Korean e-sports and its most popular professional gamers, and also attend an actual game within its walls.This program will give a free opportunity to 15 foreign tourists per month from May to December, with an English interpreter on the tour to help with communication.Applications are accepted on Seoul Citys Hallyu Tourism official website (http://hallyu.visitseoul.net). The final invitees will be selected by taking in account the period of their visit to Seoul, the purpose of their visit, and their motivations to participate in this program.InformationMain Content:   Excursion to Koreas largest e-sports standing stadium (20 minutes)  Visit of the e-sports Hall of Fame (Expected to officially open in June 2018) (20 minutes)  Attend a popular e-sports game  Battlegrounds game (120 minutes, Until the end of the game) Transportation: (Neighboring Subway Station) Exit 2, Digital Media City Station, Line 6.e-sports arena (SURVIVAL ARENA where a popular game Battlegrounds is played)e-sports Hall of Fame (Expected to officially open in June 2018)
Seoul Global Center is looking for foreign businessmen and women (or startups) who are looking to start a business or who have been managing one for a year at most to join their incubation office for the second part of the year.  Since 2010, the Incubation Office is a project that supports foreign startup founders based in Seoul who are either planning on starting a business or who have been managing one for less than a year to build entrepreneurship and the basis for stable business activities.While currently a total of 16 teams (13 teams in the Seoul Global Center, 3 teams in the Gangnam Global Business Center) have entered the office, by the end of the first half of 2018, a total of 160 teams will have had the opportunity to use the Incubation Office. Seoul Global Center Incubation Office selects occupants twice a year (once for each half of year) for a period of six months. The selected occupants (startups) are provided with various support programs such as business coaching, 1:1 mentoring per field, and other special lectures, and may be offered one-time extension of six months in the office after a five month-long evaluation.The Seoul Global Center will receive applications until June 4th, 2018. After a first document screening process, the occupants (startups) for the second part of the year will be selected through an interview. The selected teams will be able to use the Incubation Office for a period of six months starting July 1st, 2018, and may be offered a one-time extension of 6 months after an extension evaluation.Apart from offering support with its Incubation Office, the Seoul Global Center also provides basic business consultations and expert consultations on taxation, legal affairs, FDI, laws, customs and intellectual property rights related to startup procedures and preparations. Additionally, it runs networking events such as entrepreneurship training and Biz Fairs to enhance the percentage of foreign entrepreneurs in Korea and improve their business competitiveness. Inquiries:Seoul Global Center Website: global.seoul.go.krE-mail: clare33@sba.krContact: +82-2-2075-4112
In May, also known as Family Month in Korea, the Seoul Global Cultural Center (operated by the Seoul Metropolitan Government) provides a variety of cultural programs so that multicultural families can have a good time together.The Seoul Global Cultural Center, located in Myeong-dong (a popular tourist destination especially with foreigners), provides a wide range of Korean cultural programs and living information for foreigners living in Korea.Participants can make carnations using traditional Korean paper, called hanji, and express their thanks to their parents and teachers by giving hand-made paper flowers on Parents Day and Teachers Day.In addition, the Seoul Global Cultural Center provides a variety of programs such as Mother-of-pearl Craft for Kids, Hangeul Calligraphy, Tuho Game (arrow-throwing), Sending Post Card to Your Country, and other crafts, so that multicultural families and foreigners living Korea can have a great time together.
Deoksugung Fair Shop, Seouls premier social economic marketplace, is open from May 3 to November 3 of this year, excluding July and August, every week from Thursday to Saturday from 11am to 6pm at the Deoksugung Stone Wall Path located between Daehanmun Gate and the circular water fountain. Products for sale range from leather crafts, accessories, room fresheners and other handmade products to art and design pieces and clothing apparel. 
Seoul City is scheduled to host the <2018 Character Festival> at Seoul Animation Center from May 5 to May 7 for three days. With the concept of <Traveling with Animation Characters>, over 20 famed animation characters in the country will participate in the character festival and communicate with citizens. <Seoul Animation Center Character Festival> is a festival which has been prepared to foster Koreas contents industry and provide opportunity for a variety of cultural experiences to citizens. Welcoming its 7th year, the festival will showcase the native Korean characters and offer a wealth of attractions, food and refreshments and others for a fun-filled festive occasion.<Character Festival> will offer a variety of unique experiential programs (making badges, coloring activities, postcardstamp making, face painting, creating clay characters, making rag dolls, mini sports festival, etc.) and game programs (board game zone, playing badminton, VR experience) for the enjoyment of families, loved ones and friends. The character parade, which is to begin at the Seoul Animation Center, will be the bonus gift of the festivities. Characters beloved by people regardless of age, gender or nationality will join hands with the citizens to create a parade that will provide an opportunity to heal for residents of the city and a meaningful memory of traveling in Seoul for tourists visiting Myeong-dong.
From May 11 until November 30, 2018, Seoul City will operate 12 courses of History Travel Program, with fun and easy-to-understand commentary offered by commentators on many different parts of Hangang River. Hangang History Exploration Program will include 3 courses in Hangang Rivers upper stream (Gangbuk) and  9 courses in Hangang Rivers lower stream (Gangnam), and it is a walking travel program with detailed commentary provided by Hangang history commentators on the history, culture, and people surrounding the river.Among the popular courses are  Yanghwanaru-gil, surveying Catholic martyrs sites and the Cemetery Park of foreign missionaries,  Seonyudo-gil, visiting Seonyudo that was reborn as a natural ecology park by recycling a purifying facility for the first time in the country, and Yeouinaru-gil with a good view of Hangang River, retaining the history of contemporary Seoul and filled with energy throughout the four seasons. In addition, visitors can receive certification for completing the walking course by receiving a stamp from the commentator upon completion, and when stamps are received for all 12 courses, they become eligible to receive the Hangang River History Exploration Certification of Completion to be presented at the end of the year.
To celebrate the beginning of the high tourist season starting in early May, Seoul City will be holding the Seoul Welcome Week 2018 until May 5th. This years events will be particularly remarkable as the city will put in place a large-screen and a fixed stage, as well as operate various promotional booths to provide foreign tourists with a variety of visual entertainment and experiences about Korean culture, performances, beauty, and more.Visitors will be able to experience various events starting from a K-Beauty Make-Up Class held by none other than a makeup artist who usually works with famous Korean idols, to a K-Beauty Styling Class during which a celebrities stylist will share tips and make tourists look as if they have walked straight out of a Korean TV show. Not to mention the mini-fashion shows, Korean traditional music ft. B-boy performances, Taekwondo presentations, musicals, guitar shows, and many other busking events that are expected.Seoul City has prepared diverse programs for the Welcome Week.First, signs in English, Chinese, Japanese, and Thai saying Welcome to Seoul will be projected on the big screens of the entrance hall at Incheon International Airport and at Gimpo International Airports Tourist Information Desk to give the tourists a warm welcome as soon as they enter the country.
How about enjoying a warm spring day while catching a hard-to-watch show during your precious lunch hour? Just for seven days between April 25 (Wed.)  28 (Sat.) and May 2 (Wed.)  4 (Fri.)! At 12pm sharp, Seoul Plaza will turn into a plaza overflowing with music, ready to receive its audience.Before the opening of <2018 Culture Seoul> which will be held from May until October, Seoul City will showcase the special performance of Spring, Promenading in the Plaza for a fun and enjoyable lunch time for the citizens. The performance, to be presented in seven sessions, was organized to allow interaction with the audience, centering on circus shows which have been most loved by citizens among the programs that were held every year in <2018 Culture Seoul>.For the pre-performance of the show, an acrobatic circus will be presented by Koreas best art circus troupe Performance Factory on April 25 and start the four-day special performance. Distinctive performances including the mime performance of Mr. Ham and street music by Brass Tong & Free Up Collaboration, showing the story of 21st century contemporary citizens in an adaptation of The Wizard of Oz, will be presented.From May 2 (Wed.) for three days, a variety of performances will be staged including a novel performance by a new musical theater group Performance Creation Street Company Yusangtong Project which combines theater, creative music, and environmental movement, and a performance of strings byIljangilddan company. Starting with the pre-performances, a temporary stage will be installed for <2018 Culture Seoul> and a variety of performances as well as season opening concerts and theme concerts will be showcased during lunch and dinner hours from May 7 until October. In addition, theme concerts will focus on family and youth, and combined performances of tango, traditional songs and Popera music, audition concerts targeting regular citizens, working citizens group concerts, etc., spanning diverse genres and all age groups, will be presented on stage for the enjoyment and vitality of citizens and countless visitors.For detailed information on the performances, visit the website of <2018 Culture Seoul> (culture.seoul.go.kr) and the Seoul Culture portal. 
2018 Han River Drone Festival is set to be held on April 28, 2018 at Gwangnaru Hangang Drone Park, with the goal of expanding horizons for the drone industry regarded as the promising next-generation technology, as well as nurturing the growth of talents in the industry.In this festival, a variety of programs have been lined up including the  Professional Drone Racing Competition,  I am a Drone Racer, too, designed for elementary and middle school students,  DIY Drones for elementary students,  Drone Airshow, among others. In addition, operation of drones to be taught by professional lecturers from unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) pilot training organizations, Drone filming and VR operating experience using drone smart glasses, Drone classes to help with job searches in the drone industry, etc., will be offered as hands-on experience programs. Event Information
Seoul City is set to create a stepping stone for the handicapped to live proudly as independent members of society, with the 38th Disability Awareness Day on April 20, 2018. First, Seoul City has newly created the Irum Bank Account project, which is expected to help with asset accumulation of youth with major disabilities.Irum Bank Account is a project that strives to help the young with major disabilities alleviate the economic problems of the youth, who suffer from increasing unemployment rate and have to fight for survival, by helping them save enough money for independence as the first program of local government support for asset accumulation of youth with major disabilities.The program will operate by setting aside an amount of KRW 150,000 every month as additional deposit of the citys budget for every deposit of KRW 100,000-200,000 placed in savings by an individual. Seoul City will also provide support and pursue freedom from institutionalization of the disabled, helping them harmoniously blend into regional society through independent living that is suited to their characteristics.The freedom from institutionalization project, first initiated by Seoul City in 2013 for the first time in the entire country, has supported 604 disabled persons in freeing themselves from institutional life, and they have moved on to live on their own in housings for independent living, group homes, etc., taking their first steps in independent living. Through the first stage of escaping institutionalization during the last five years, Seoul City has confirmed the prospect of the project and is in the process of establishing and pursuing the second stage which includes expanding the base for regional independence and post-independence management service, as well as pursuing civil cooperative business, in an effort to speed up the process of escaping from institutionalization and transform living facility structures. Seoul City plans to improve the service and methods of operation for welfare centers for the disabled, working to solve the perennial problem of lack of space for independent districts with limited facilities by investing and supporting consistently for the expansion of their welfare facilities.In addition, Seoul City will work to greatly improve transportation services so that the visually impaired and people with kidney disabilities may participate more actively in social activities including filing of civil complaints, commuting to and from work, visiting hospitals, outings, etc. When using call taxis whose companies have made agreements with Seoul City, users may benefit from voucher taxis providing a certain amount of discounts, which is expected to be more widely in use. Also, senior helpers will be stationed in subway stations to help the visually impaired use the public transportation system more comfortably, which will also provide worthwhile jobs for senior citizens.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is working toward building an R&D Complex Innovation Center utilizing the unsold plot of land within the Magok Industrial Complex in order to comprehensively provide support that includes space for small giant enterprise operations, in addition to support for startup companies, patent/legal/marketing services and the fostering of research specialists. The objective is to create a total of 100,000 jobs following the construction of 17 facility buildings that both house and promote the growth of approximately 1,000 different small giant enterprises.In line with this goal, Seoul seeks to enable the transformation of the Magok Industrial Complex into an optimized R&D hub that is in connection with everyday life while actively partaking in workforce exchanges. Meanwhile, the gathering of Magok development funds are underway, sought to reach a scale of approximately KRW 580 billion as an initial investment, in order to provide small giant enterprise R&D funding support. A 640,000  cultural belt is also in the works to be systematically opened as supplementary facilities, the largest outside of the Gangnam area, including the MICE Complex, Magok Central Square, performance halls and art museums.Among the 729,785  of land occupying the Magok Industrial Complex, 70%, or 514,000 , currently serves as the grounds for the large enterprise industrial complex, leaving the remaining 30% to be transformed into a small giant enterprise innovative hub, which is intended to operate as the Magok R&D Complex Innovation Center, working as a medium for shared growth between large enterprises and small giants. The Magok Industrial Center was initially planned to function as an industrial/business hub centered around state-of-the-art R&D facilities in 2009, and currently, as of April of this year, saw the completion of roads, water and sewage, facilities and other basic infrastructure. Over the last five years, across the five leading industries of electronics, DNA engineering, biotechnology, IT and energy, as many as 136 domestic and international enterprises recognized for their excellence, have succeeded in securing a space within the complex. Among the 215,000  of unsold land, comprising 30% of the whole, about half (110,795, 15%) of that will go toward housing a total of 17 facilities. More specifically,  the Public Support Center, operating as business support facilities for patent/legal/marketing and other divisions, occupies one assigned space for facilities reaching 3,528 ,  the R&D Center, exclusively housing small giant enterprise operations, retains 15 assigned facility spaces equivalent to 100,000 and  the M-Complex Campus, a technological innovation hub for industry and academic collaboration, holds one assigned space reaching 4,495 .The approximately KRW 580 billion in Magok development funding will be funneled into the promotion of exchange between on-site small giant enterprise R&D operations and other companies, while culture and leisure facilities will be expanded to occupy a total of 640,000  in area to promote the enjoyment and pleasure of complex affiliates and local residents alike with exhibitions, conventions, cultural and art shows, leisure areas and much more.All housed business operations and facilities will be constantly managed to ensure faithful use of the Magok Industrial Complex. In addition, a Specialist Operations Committee is scheduled to be launched on the 26th of this month in order manage the support of enterprises regarding several areas of pursuit such as R&D commercialization.
Awareness surrounding the rights and systems that exist to protect childrens human rights has raised since 2012. Seoul City released the 2017 Survey on Rights of the Children and Youths on the subject, including the results of the survey. This survey was addressed to 4,252 children and youths, parents, teachers, and facility workers last June-July, and was based on their level of human rights awareness and related requests, as well as their experience of childrens rights over the previous year.Based on the Seoul Ordinance on Human Rights of Children and Juveniles (2012) enacted to promote the human rights of children and youths in Seoul, the purpose of this study was to examine and guarantee their right and install a system in accordance with the specificity and timeliness of their human rights environment. The results of this 2017 survey include a comparison and an analysis of the results of the 2012 Survey on Rights of the Children and Youths.The results show how the situation has improved since the implementation of the Seoul Ordinance on Human Rights of Children and Juveniles (2012) by checking (1) the level of awareness surrounding the rights of children and youths and the respect for human rights by adults, (2) how much domestic corporal punishment is allowed (the degree), and (3) the passing rate of facility workers and children and youths during educational programs on human rights.A higher awareness level was notable as 57.9% of the children who said they had heard about children and youths rights, compared to 44.7% of the respondents in 2012. In particular, 53.6% of the respondents said that they had written a labor contract in case of a youth part-time job (youth employment) and 57.4% said they had written parental consent, up by 29.8%p and 17.2%p respectively since 2012 (23.8% and 40.2%). This shows that the basic procedures for the implementation of youth labor rights are gradually being prepared.What do the children and youths of Seoul want to guarantee their fundamental, human rights?In first place, both the children and youths of Seoul asked for the creation of an environment that respects human rights (20% for children, and 17.8% for youths). After that, children asked for an more facilities for children and youths (10.9%), and an more physical training facilities (9.1%). Youths, on the other hand, wished for more leisure and cultural facilities (10.4%), and a society in which the youths voices are heard and reflected (10%).This survey consisted of 35 questions that included details of the human rights environment, rights awareness, and related desires, including in everyday life experiences such as at home, in the community, or at school. People could either take the survey upon visit, through mail, or online.
On April 17, 2018 the Donuimun Exhibition Hall opened its doors in the Donuimun Museum Village. Built as one of Seoul Citys renewal projects, the Donuimun Museum Village is an outdoor historical and cultural museum that gathers a total of 30 traditional Korean houses from the Joseon Dynasty and contemporary buildings built between the 1910s and the 1980s.Built as an urban renewal museum, this exhibition hall reveals Donuimun areas history and culture. It shares the stories of the streets, buildings and villagers of this area, more specifically Seoul City Wall, Gyeonghuigung Palace, Saemunan-ro that is bounded by a road bearing the same name.The Donuimun Exhibition Hall is composed of three exhibition halls and one educational hall. AGIO and Hanjeong, that used to be an Italian and Korean restaurant respectively, have been changed into exhibition halls, keeping, however, their original names. The exhibit is widely organized around a total of five themes:  The history of Donuimun area (AGIO, First floor),  Archives and memories of the two areas (AGIO, Second floor),  Story of the villagers of Saemunan (Hanjeong, Second floor),  Urban renewal and photo gallery of the Saemunan area (Hanjeong, First floor),  Ruins of the Gyeonghuigung Palace (Ruins exhibition hall).You may visit the exhibit free of charge on weekdays from 9am to 6pm. The exhibit is closed on Mondays (except public holidays) and on January 1. For more information, please contact 82-2-724-0271.
With the approach of summer and its high concentrations of ozone pollution, Seoul Metropolitan Government will be conducting ozone forecasts from April 15 to October 15, 2018 and will also strengthen the monitoring of the warning system during the same period.Wearing a mask cannot prevent the inflow of ozone into the human body as it exists in the form of gas. Meanwhile repeated exposure to ozone is harmful to the body, causing various diseases including bronchitis, heart diseases, severe emphysema and asthma, and reduces lung capacity. This pollutant is particularly dangerous to the elderly or people with respiratory diseases.Acknowledging the special attention it should be given in summer, Seoul City plans on increasing the monitoring of ozone through forecasting and warning, and promptly informing the citizens on the situation.The National Institute of Environmental Research announced that ozone concentration predictions for the Seoul area will be made and announced at 5am and 11am for the day, and at 5pm and 11pm for the next day. If forecasts for the next day are judged as bad or worse, faxes with the forecast and response measures will be sent to 121 agencies including Seoul City, autonomous prefectures, and relevant institutions to help them prepare ahead. The information will also be shared online on Seoul Citys Air Quality Information website (http://cleanair.seoul.go.kr). Since 2015, these official announcements have been distributed in English in foreign schools to also help foreign students prepare with the ozone warnings.Anyone can apply for ozone warning text messages by going onto the Korean version of Seoul Citys Clean Air Quality Information website (http://cleanair.seoul.go.kr) and filing in an application by clicking on Receive Air Quality Information through Text Messages. In case of ozone, ultra-fine dust or fine dust warnings, the information will be sent out to applicants for free.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government opened Jongnos Changsin-dong Sewing History Museum, the birthplace of the Korean sewing industry and primary manufacturer behind the scenes of Dongdaemun, the fashion industry hub of Seoul.# Following the Pyeonghwa Market opening of its doors in 1961, the Dongdaemun area quickly became a bustling community of the fashion industry with the nearby neighborhood of Changsin-dong serving as a small-scale, specialized zone for sewing factories. This industry played an important role in the very infrastructure enabling the success of the Miracle on Hangang River.The Sewing History Museum is located at the end of the alleyway crowdedly housing sewing factories of Changsin-dong. It is near the Naksan Fortress Wall in a four-story building, including a first floor basement level, that maintains a gross area of 499.12 . The museum is open from Tuesday to Friday (closed on Mondays & holidays) during the hours of 10am and 6pm and offers free admissions for all.The museums primary features include the  Sewing Masters Memorial Hall  Sewing History Museum  Buttons Shop  Sewing Workshop and more. All facilities are impaired and elderly-friendly thanks to a barrier-free design.As soon as you enter the museum, you will immediately notice the Sewing Masters Memorial Hall on the third floor. The memorial is dedicated to the sewing masters of days past who devoted their lives to specializing in the craft of sewing over the course of 30-40 years and features exhibits of their works as well as various personal anecdotes acquired from being on the job. Come and enjoy the button shop on the second floor offering an array of buttons both on exhibit and for sale. Additionally, there will be a sewing workshop, which can be found on the first floor basement, available for visitors to create their very own clothing through the craft of sewing.
2017 witnessing a significant drop in accidents compared to that of 2016 was among the information provided in the official release of the Seoul Metro 2017 Safety Report.The Safety Report 2017 is the first publishing of such content since the merger of Seoul Metro (Lines 1-4) and Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit Corporation (Lines 5-8) into the Seoul Metro last year, serving as a comprehensive safety scorecard released to the public. The report was an opportunity to reflect on projects that managed to be unsuccessful while also notifying people of the successes regarding the results from actions taken on safety improvement and program operations open to the public. The number accidents throughout the year of 2017 in lines 1 through 8 of the Seoul Metro totaled at five, translating to a 58.3% decrease by as many as seven accidents from last years twelve. Even when comparing the identical time period last year before and after the May 31st merger, the accident rate showed signs of a decrease. During the first five months of 2017, prior to the merger, the accident rate was recorded at four, yet following the merger, a mere one accident was recorded during the rest of the year. This demonstrates a significant drop from the eight accidents in 2016 during the same period to only one. Immediately following the merger, on-site operations expanded approximately by 100 safety employees with as many as 400 additional employees from Seoul Metro dispatched to different locations to provide assistance. Accident reduction has been primarily in part to the active implementation of safety policies such as the real-time recording of security cameras using ICT technology and the establishing of a smart unified safety response area enabling multilateral video conferences to maintain communication. Disruptions in subway operations, such as subway car malfunctions, were not included in the calculation of accident rates, however, there was an indication of an increase of one incident from five to six during the span of 2016 to 2017.According to the report, among the causes of related disruptions, the deterioration of subway cars was the greatest culprit, catalyzing plans for car replacement for lines two and three up through 2022. Shifting from a principle of operation placing emphasis on being timely to being safe has had an impact on the increase of disruption, which has also led to delays in operation due to discovering the precise cause behind any disruption prior to the implementation of exact measures for the safety of the passengers. The Seoul Metro also autonomously developed the SQI, or Service Quality Index, to indicate the current standard of service through categories including safety, convenience, amenities and more, and regularly post the results on the metros official website. In addition, the Seoul Metro also publishes the Subway Safety Guide in cartoon form, which is included in the safety report as an appendix, to notify the public of mandatory safety regulations during subway use. 
By 2021, the Gwanghwamun Square will transform into Koreas premiere culture space following the restoration of its historical and symbolic value. The core goal of this project is to integrate the severed sections of the square and restore the historical value of the Seoul City Wall, and Gwanghwamun Square to provide a walking area naturally embedded into daily life.The Gwanghwamun Square will be expanded toward the Sejong Center for the Performing Arts to make for a 24,600  renovated public area, while a 44,700  Historic Square will be newly built where the Sajik-ro and Yulgok-ro are currently located. Once construction is completed, the overall scale of the Gwanghwamun Square will have increased 3.7 times from 18,840  to 69.300 . The Woldae, a stone base at the entrance of Gwanghwamun Square, will be restored after having been destroyed during the Japanese Occupation, and the statue of Haetae, once located in front of the Woldae, will be moved back toward the square to its original location.The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to revitalize the downtown area having connected vicinity neighborhoods, including Seochon, Bukchon, Insa-dong and Jeong-dong, for a comfortable walking environment, while utilizing more active urban planning to create resting and commercial areas within the lower floors of surrounding public and private buildings. <Overlook of Historic Square><Overlook of Public Square>
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will be supplying the city with eco-friendly and convenient electric scooters beginning from this year, releasing 500 scooters on a yearly basis until 2025 for a total of 4,700 scooters.This move is anticipated to contribute to the improvement of air quality with the scooters motor-free design, safe from air-pollutant emissions including that of fine particulates. Electric scooters simply require four hours of charging using any household electric outlet and do not need a separate charger as is necessary for electric cars.Scooters operate for a distance of 40km once fully charged and run at 1/10 the yearly fuel needed for scooters with engines, making for a very economic design. Since the 2nd of last March, the Ministry of Environment decided to expand upon regular inspections from large scooters to manufactured and registered small to medium scooters (50cc~260cc) from January 1, 2018, in order to reduce fine pollutant particle emissions. Electric scooters also have the benefit of operating quietly without the emission of exhaust.The Seoul Metropolitan Government is receiving applications for 450 scooters from individuals, businesses and public institutions starting from Monday, April 9, for business ideas regarding the public provision of electric scooters.Applicants must either be individuals above 16 years of age residing in Seoul, businesses with a place of operation, delivery operations, public institutions or local public enterprises. Funding will be provided to applicants on a first come, first served basis.For detailed information regarding applicant requirements and qualifications, method of application and more, please refer to the public announcements on the Seoul Metropolitan Government website (http://www.seoul.go.kr).Electric scooters selected for provision are categorized as a class-6 vehicle after having been accredited through the Ministry of Environment provisions assessment and will be a supplied a scaled stipend of KRW 2.3  3.5 million per scooter. Compact scooters will receive KRW 2.3 million, small scooters, KRW 2.5 million and medium to large scooters, KRW 3.5 million, while compact and small scooters will be eligible for an additional funding of KRW 200,000 during purchasing following the scrapping of the previously-used scooters.
Seoul City is hosting the Bukchon Culture Day with citizens and visitors every Saturday in Bukchon for the month of April. Part of a culture program development, Bukchon Culture Day is a cultural event, which reflects Bukchons unique sense of space and history, to be held in three public hanok places in Bukchon, Jongno-gu (Bukchon Cultural Center, Hanok Support Center, Bukchon Village Library).First, Bukchon Cultural Center presents citizens and domestic and foreign visitors with special experiences and fun, with traditional culture activities and commentary to be enjoyed inside Hanok.In addition, the Sharing Our Hanok program will be held at the Hanok Support Center to offer a guide for foreign visitors to take interest in and learn about our Hanok heritage.For all reservations and inquiries about the program, contact the Bukchon Cultural Center ( 82-2-741-1033) and Bukchon Village Library ( 82-2-765-1373). For more information, visitors can refer to the Seoul Hanok Portal website (http://hanok.seoul.go.kr). Unlike the Namsan Hanok Village or the Korean Folk Village, Bukchon is an actual living space for residents of the area, so visitors will be required to maintain a calm atmosphere in consideration of the residents.
On April 9, 2018, Seoul City signed a business agreement with CJ E&M to promote the Seoul City brand  and pursue joint marketing to spread the culture of Hallyu.Seoul City and CJ E&M agreed to cooperate in the areas of mutual promotions and marketing during the next year, and actively pursue their plan of joint marketing starting with the KCON 2018 JAPAN festival, to be held from April 13, 2018 in mainland Japan.Seoul City plans to consistently foster close cooperative ties with civil corporations for its city marketing in the future, and strive to consistently discover and promote overseas city marketing enterprises in an effort to improve the rate of popularity of Seoul City, as well as raise its rate of preference in the world.
The Yongsan Electronics Shopping Center first opened its doors in 1987 as the largest retail complex selling electronic products in South Korea (2 million ). While the complex was a prime shopping location in the 1990s when computers and video games became popular, the 2000s have been another story after the Asian financial crisis struck and the world entered the internet era. The complex is now in decay, resembling much of a warehouse as visitors make themselves rare and with a 22.7% vacancy rate.Seoul City is taking advantage of the centers potential to attract industries such as 5G, drone and VR, in an effort to breathe life back into the old Yongsan Electronics Shopping Center as a global Digital Maker City and a Youth Start-up Platform for the Fourth Industrial Revolution  the Y-Valley.The citys rebranding vision Y-Valley represents the idea that Yes, all ideas are tested and realized at the Yongsan Electronics Shopping Center, a hub for Young peoples jobs that You and I will create together.The project is mainly concentrated on the four remaining shopping malls (currently 4,000 stores in operation), aiming at expanding the infrastructure into a place that can accommodate both young peoples working space and a residential area with business and education facilities and programs, while strengthening the connectivity of this space with its surroundings.Public-Private partnership is particularly important to the construction of Y-Valley being its sustainable power. As sixteen strategic institutions come together, such as the Seoul Government and merchants, government and private companies, universities and public institutions, the public and private sector are mobilizing their capacities to bring innovative growth. The cooperative universities are creating on-site campuses in the Yongsan Electronics Shopping Center with education and entrepreneurship programs for their students. Meanwhile, in an effort to nurture future talent for the Fourth Industrial Revolution, LG U+ is using the space as a 5G technology testbed while CJ corporation is providing creative coding education for elementary and middle school students in the area. Additionally, Woori Bank is planning to develop low-interest loans to help and support local merchants.Yongsan Electronics Thinkers Alley opened its doors on April 3rd on Wonhyo Malls 2nd and 3rd floor (6,000 ). This is a Maker Space in which anyone can create design prototypes of their ideas and receive entrepreneurial education and support.The official website for Yongsan Electronics Shopping Centers urban restoration  (http://y-valley.org). opened on April 3rd. You can apply for the Yongsan Electronics Thinkers Alley program through the website, and also follow the progress of the restoration in real time and suggest your ideas.
On the occasion of Library Week and World Book and Copyright Day, Seoul Metropolitan Library will be hosting a themed book exhibition in six collection sections from April 3 to April 28, 2018.Themed book exhibitions have continuously been held in the librarys six collection sections ever since the opening of Seoul Metropolitan Library in 2012 with the hope to raise the visitors interest in reading and promote the library. Books are meticulously chosen out of the librarys collection according to the topic of each exhibit.Aprils themed book exhibition, A Library with Taste!, will be displaying books centered around food and culinary culture, with a more specific topic for each collection section. The exhibition will be divided into seven sub-topics:  A History of the Taste of Old Times (Disability Collections),  Book-eating Youths (General Collections 1  Children),  Taste of Culture (General Collections 1  General),  Tasty Books (General Collections 2),  Cinema with Chef (Digital Collections),  Korean Culinary Culture (Seoul Document Collections), and  Welcome, First Time Trying Korean Food? (Global Collections).In <General Collections 1> two different topics will be showcased depending on the visitors. The Book-eating Youths exhibit will feature 17 books from which young visitors can learn about the cultural and global qualities of food, while 24 works on culinary culture will be available in the Taste of Culture exhibit.Going through the Tasty Books exhibit in <General Collections 2>, visitors will find 34 literary writings telling various food stories, and going onto Cinema with Chef in <Digital Collections>, they will be able to savor both delicious cuisine and moving tales through the 12 food-related movies that are expected to be on show.Anyone can visit the themed book exhibition free of charge during its opening hours (closed on Mondays). Further details can be found on Seoul Metropolitan Librarys website (lib.seoul.go.kr). For more information, please contact Seoul Metropolitan Library (+82-2-2133-0304).
If you have ever been unclear as to which foods are allowed on city-operated buses, it may help to examine the specified provisions regarding food limitations that are soon to be implemented.Bus operators have the right to refuse passengers carrying foods that may be spill or leak prone during light impact or foods that are unpackaged with the aim of being consumed while on the bus.  Light impact also refers to accidental spills from foods, which may occur during the simple transport of take-out food or ingredients, and are also subject to be the grounds for refusal.Objects of prohibition currently include beverages, ice, chicken or other items transported in disposable cups, tteokbokki and other foods transported in a container simultaneously, beverages without lids or canned beverages with straws and plastic bottles containing food. In addition, bus operators may request passengers to get off the bus if caught during consumption. On the other hand, chicken or pizza packaged in cardboard take-out boxes, plastic bottled beverages with sealable openings, closed can beverages, beverages transported in a sealable tumbler, thermos-packed food and small quantities of vegetables, fish, meats and other ingredients transported in plastic bags purchased at food markets are allowed to be carried on during bus operation. 
Panoramic view of Darak Oksu from the outsidePanoramic view of Darak Oksu from the insideThe elevated ceiling at the lower end of Seouls Oksu Station will be renovated into a public culture area dressed in vegetation as a part of an urban regeneration project while promoting an eco-friendly atmosphere huddled within the city, such as can be seen at New York Citys Underground Park.The upper end was decorated in landscape and vegetation having constructed a roof at a sloped angle under the ceiling. As for the lower end, the 196 of space was transformed into a multi-purpose culture area used for a childrens book caf, lectures on cultural topics and more. The outer space is newly-equipped with spectator seats to make the most of the open plaza area that has primarily been neglected over the years.The highlight of the multi- purpose culture space is the free garden located at the roof shaped slope on the lower end. The sunlight harvesting system also enables sunlight to shine its way inside the station to help nurture the plant life, utilizing the same, newly-developed technology that can be witnessed at New York Citys Underground Park. The sunny conditions also maintain a constant state without any interference from the external weather conditions.Seoul will be opening the Darak Oksu on April 3, 2018, as a part of the official launching of the demo business project comprised of a comprehensive plan to utilize the space of elevated ceiling areas below ground.
"Seoul will be hosting the Spring Flower Festival for 51 days from April 1st to May 21st, spanning along the Hangang Park. During this festival, visitors will be able to enjoy a multitude of cultural events featuring spring flowers in bloom. Enjoy Various Flowers including Forsythias, Cherry Blossoms, Canola Flowers, Multiflora Roses & RosesForsythia and cherry blossoms will start filling the banks of the Hangang River from April 1st, canola from the beginning of May, and multiflora roses and roses from mid-May. The spring flower road will spread over a total distance of 42km following along the primary vegetated areas and bicycle lanes, filling the air with a floral aroma. Meanwhile, the Eungbongsan Forsythia Festival is scheduled to take place from April 6th to the 8th. The queen of spring flowers, the cherry blossom, is waiting for you. The spectacular Yeouido Spring Flower Festival, during which the whole of Yeouiseo-ro is overlooked by Yoshino cherry blossoms in full bloom, planned to be from April 7th to the 12th. On the 6th and 7th, the Yeouido Floating Stage is scheduled to host the Hangang Spring Concert and the Hangang Cherry Blossom Concert.  Hangang Parks premiere spring flower attraction, the Banpo Hangang Parks Seoraeseom, are draped in a crisp-yellow each May amid the canola in bloom. The Hangang Seoraeseom Canola Festival will open from May 5th to the 6th to make for an alluring contrast between the deep-blue Hangang River and the crisp-yellow of the Seoraeseom Island.	 Take in the Unique Spring Festival Atmosphere of the Hangang River Every Friday and Saturday, free regular performances and exhibitions will be held at the Yeouido Floating Stage and Gwangjingyo 8th Avenue, amid a series of 100 artist performances made available throughout the entirety of the park.Large-scale cultural festivals will also take place, such as the Have a Nice Day Festival (April 14th and 15th), the Live Music Festival (May 5th), and the Youth Festival 2018 (May 12th and 13th)."
The Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Markets popularity of years past has seen it return this year having expanded with up to six locations. The Yeouido, Banpo and DDP locations will open as of March 30, with the Cheonggyecheon and Oil Tank Culture Park locations following into the next day, March 31. The Cheonggyecheon Market will operate as a seasonal market only, scheduled for opening in May.The four Premier locations of last years night market,  Yeouido Hangang Park (Cascade Plaza),  Banpo Hangang Park (Moonlight Square)  DDP (Palgeori Plaza) and  Cheonggyecheon (Mojeongyo Bridge  Gwanggyo Bridge) will all make their return along with the  Oil Tank Culture Park (Culture Square), which had its trial opening last year, and the  Cheonggye Plaza Seasonal Market, scheduled for a May start, comprise the six market locations. The 2018 Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market brings together merchants from all over the world amid the night scenery, fountain shows, romantic yet artistic value with a Korean-style atmosphere. A colorful selection of culture programs featuring the unique characteristics of each location, such as traditional performances, art shows and acoustic performances, will be available for Seoul residents and visitors alike to enjoy themselves to the fullest.The Yeouido location will hold busking performances three times a day at 20:30, 21:30 & 22:00. In addition, the World Music Festival, featuring Brazils passionate Samba genre and popular music native to Mexico, is a promotional concert scheduled to be held in line with a world market concept along with world martial arts performances, global culture apparel, traditional folk games and much more!Banpo will feature busking performances as well three times a day at 18:00, 19:00 & 21:30. Other performances with romantic classical music, jazz and indie bands will be featured at the venue, while during the first and third weeks of each month, the Bamdokkaebi Radio Program will help capture the various stories of market-goers amid a playlist of music. Seasonal lighting shows are also in the works!The DDP will have busking performances for young artists every Saturday, three times a day, at 19:00, 20:00 & 21:00. Delicious Concert will also be specially featured every third Saturday of April, May, August and October. RSVPing with food truck services in advance will additionally provide visitors with on-site delivery directly to the performance area! Cheonggyecheon will also be holding busking concerts under the title Cheonggyecheon Melody, for artists around the community once a day on Saturday at 19:00 and Sunday at 19:30. Youth Night, a unique promotional event on the third Saturday of April, May, August and October, is scheduled to be featured, as well as the Memory Recall Project, which will be available throughout the market operation period to gather the memories and perspectives of market-goers residing in Seoul. April will also see the opening of a coin toss and other quaint games to be enjoyed by the public.The Oil Tank Culture Park will be operating a dishwashing campaign with visiting food truck businesses, promoting the use of dishware rather than disposable ware in line with the theme of creating a space for regeneration. Participating visitors will also be able to make their very own natural detergent!Food truck operations will feature a colorful array of world cuisine offered by both established popular brands and newcomers awaiting their first market customers. Menus vary from hand-made burgers, steaks, pasta and other western foods to Japanese classics such as sushi and takoyaki and Korean foods like bibimbap, bulgogi and more! Feel free to also feast out on simple snacks including kabab, desserts and a slew of unique beverages.Regular merchants are comprised of those offering hand-made goods and those featuring hands-on activities. Visitors may peruse products made with care boasting of originality or try a hand at various activities available for a small fee and create their own goods!As rain, worsening air quality and other factors may lead to the altering of event scheduling, please stay updated by visiting the official website for (www.bamdokkaebi.org) related announcements.Go to Official Website 
Seoul will operate <SEMU-YOL Lecture>, an English lecture that informs foreigners of the excellence and value of Seouls traditional culture, on the first Monday of each month until December 3, 2018 for a total of eight sessions.The lecture, which will be given in Learning Room 1, Seoul Museum of History, will be aimed at foreigners and Seoul citizens and conducted in English. There will be a total of eight sessions for six speakers, one exploration session, and one experience lecture. Each lecture will be held from 11:30-13:00 and the exploration session and experiential lecture will be from 10:00-12:00 according to the following information. This year especially, experts in each field were invited and programs were carefully selected for more foreigners and citizens to attend quality English lectures about Seouls history and culture.<SEMU-YOL Lecture> is not only for foreigners residing in Korea but is open for participation by all citizens who wish to attend lectures about Seoul in English. The admission is free to all, and applications for the second education session to be held on April 2 will be accepted until March 29. After the deadline, each session will be open to 40 individuals on a first-come, first-served basis via telephone, and inquiries for application can be made to the secretariat (Monday  Friday/02-745-5878). In the case of regular lectures, interested attendees may register on-site (first come, first served basis). This will be a new experience to learn in depth about Seoul and Korea through foreign experts.
The Seoul Baekje Museum Seasonal Concert was held for free at the museum itself and has always been enthusiastically received by those in attendance at the Seoul Baekje Hall, featuring free contributive performances from the Culture and Arts Organization.This Seasonal Concert is expected to transform the Seoul Baekje Museum into a cultural complex and Seouls culture hub while allowing visitors to enjoy various cultural artistic performances.Inquiries:Homepage: http://baekjemuseum.seoul.go.krContact number: 82-2-2152-5833
Seouls Mayor Park Won-soon and Beijings Mayor Jining Chen () met in Seoul and agreed to actively form a cooperative to effectively reduce the concentration of fine pollutant particulates in the air.On March 19, 2018, Seoul and Beijing held the 3rd general meeting of the Seoul-Beijing Joint Committee and signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU). The Seoul-Beijing Joint Committee is an organization of permanent cooperation between both cities founded in 2013 that has four subcommittees for economy, culture, education and the environment. Every two years, a general meeting of this committee is held alternately in both cities to discuss collaborations in each field.According to the environment-related MOU signed in this 3rd general meeting of the Seoul-Beijing Joint Committee, both parties agreed to operate a fine dust hotline to regularly share air-quality data. Moreover, joint technical research will be conducted on the reduction of fine dust by establishing the first Air-quality Improvement Joint Research Group and building a tighter mechanism of cooperation by holding Seoul-Beijing Air-quality Improvement Forums on a regular basis.On the other hand, meaningful discussions on the fields of economy, culture/tourism and education were also held during this 3rd general meeting of the Seoul-Beijing Joint Committee. In the economic field, both cities agreed to cooperate in  promotion of start-up investments,  start-up support networking,  trade fair exchange and  invitation of the best global companies in China to the Seoul Global Challenge program. In the culture/tourism field, discussion was held on  proposals of the Asian City Cultural Network (ACCN),  promotion of cities for large-scale international events and  development of Seoul-Beijing tourist goods for the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics. Lastly, in the education field, both cities agreed to promote cooperation projects such as  invitations to youth camps,  proposition of 1:1 youth matching programs for historical and cultural explorations,  development of educational cooperation policy sharing systems and  an introduction of Seouls Youth Job Experience Center in preparation for the 4th Industrial Revolution.
In 2018, Seoul was awarded the Lee Kuan Yew World City Prize, which, being one of the most prestigious awards in the world, is only given to cities that have achieved outstanding results in becoming livable, vibrant, and sustainable.Seoul was highly regarded for its civic-participation urban regeneration programs, including walkway regeneration, historical and cultural regeneration, and industrial reconstruction. The Lee Kuan Yew World City Prize Secretariat revealed that the Seoul has been selected as the city innovated itself by introducing civic-participation urban regeneration methods instead of faade demolition in the process of urban centering and recovering of stagnant areas, and creating an urban planning framework that increases the quality of life of citizens.On March 16, 2018, Mayor Park Won-soon expressed his feelings on this award on behalf of the citizens of Seoul and announced related policies through a presentation.Through a presentation, Mayor Park Won-soon reported the urban innovation results achieved during the process transforming Seoul into a sustainable city and introduced the civic-participation process, which is the driving force of this program. As a representative example, Mayor Park Won-soon introduced the 2030 Seoul Plan, which is Seouls supreme city master plan developed over a long period of time with the participation of citizens, experts, administrators, and scholars. Before then, urban planning was the responsibility of administrators and experts. However, Mayor Park revealed that they transcended those limits, and were able to obtain great results.Mayor Park Won-soon said, Citizens are the owners of Seoul. Citizens are in the center of all policies, from small policies to the master plan itself. Seoul citizens are the owners of this award. We will continue making more and more efforts so that the know-how of creating this new Seoul with the participation of citizens can become the key to solve the common problems of all cities around the world and move towards a sustainable future. 
Seoul is introducing 180 Beautiful Spring Flower Roads for the spring season. Seoul has selected 180 spring flower roads found in big and small urban parks, roadsides, riversides, alleys, and more. In 2018, 10 new beautiful spring flower roads were added, including the Gyeongchun Line (Railroad) Forest and Seoullo 7017. Flowers and trees are also being carefully planted on the spring flower roads selected previously in preparation for spring.Seouls 180 Beautiful Spring Flower Roads can be checked on Seoul Metropolitan Governments website (http://www.seoul.go.kr/story/springflower/).On the other hand, according to K-weather, the bloom of spring flowers in Seoul is expected to come one or two days earlier than the last year.Forsythias are expected to start blooming on March 26, and azaleas on March 27, reaching full bloom around April 2 and 3. Cherry blossoms are expected to start blooming on April 8 and will reach full bloom around April 15.
Seoul Metro is working with the world-renowned firm TMB from Barcelona, Spain, to build a digitalized subway road map.Based on the IoT self-developed and operated by each organization, both the Seoul Metro Machinery Big Data Analysis System (SAMBA), which analyzes and maintains the status of machinery, and the Smart Motors system, which is operated by TMB to monitor the operational state and passenger congestion of subway trains, will be installed and tested in each others subways for performance verification.Technologies related to the development and operation of platform safety gates will also be shared. Seoul Metro has experience in developing and operating more than 19,000 platform safety gate modules during 4 years. After integration, TMB proposed Seoul Metro, which has received international recognition for its technology and scale, to share knowledge on the development and operation of platform safety gates.Both organizations will design and promote a digitalized subway road map that can be applied as standard to subways in the future after a process of verification.
Seoul City will open a 2.6-km bike lane from Jongno 1-ga to 5-ga on April 8, 2018. In addition to Jongnos central bus lane which started operation at the end of 2017, this bike lane will be a green transportation space installed inside green transportation promotion areas of the 4 main gates. This lane will be connected to a section similar to that of the central bus lane (2.8 km) and will be used by bikes only.Seoul City will install flush-type solar LED lights so that both vehicles and bikes can run safely at night. Particularly, safety facilities such as median guardrail and gaze-induction rods will be installed around busy intersections to secure the safety of drivers and bicycle users.By opening a bike lane in Jongno, Seoul will allow bicycle users to move around the heart of the city. Moreover, this lane is expected to be used as bicycle roadway hub once the Cheonggyecheon Stream is connected with main arterial roads.In relation to this, Seoul City will hold an Urban Riding Parade in which 3,000 bicycle riders will bike in a 6-km urban circulation section (Jongno  Heunginjimun Gate  Cheonggyecheon-ro  Jongno).After running through the ring road and coming back to Jongno, an event called Jongno without cars will be held. In this event, a variety of programs will be held, including photo zones, public bicycles (also known as Ttareungyi in Korean) experience, and cultural performances.
Chipmunk Buses, whose degree of citizen satisfaction have reached 92.1 points, will begin operation in 3 additional routes (Jangan-Dapsimni, Segok-Suseo, and Sillim). Chipmunk Buses operate to lower the congestion of jam-packed buses during commuting hours between sections with large numbers of passengers. Chipmunk Buses (commuting buses) are called so because they operate in short sections as a chipmunk running in a treadwheel. They are customized buses that operate in sections where normal buses become extremely congested during morning rush hours (7:00 am  9:00 am).Seoul City selected these new routes considering the degree of congestion of normal buses (more than 60 passengers), the length of the congested section (about 10 km roundtrips), and the congestion duration (about 1 hour).In addition, since April 16th, Chipmunk Buses will be test-operated in weekday evenings (17:30-19:30) in route No. 8761 (Sinchon Rotary  Korea National Assembly Proceeding Hall), which has the highest degree of congestion during evening rush hours. After monitoring the effect of mitigation on the level of congestion of normal buses, Seoul City will determine whether to expand the operation of Chipmunk Buses to other routes.
IOCs Chairman Thomas Bach visited Seoul on March 8 to receive an Honorary Citizenship from Mayor Park Won-soon. Chairman Thomas Bach attended the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Paralympics opening ceremony, met with the Mayor of Seoul, and visited the Paralympic Stadium to cheer up players.Before the conferment ceremony, Mayor Park had the occasion to talk with Chairman Thomas Bach, asking for advice and support on a Seoul-wide sport-based exchange and cooperation plan in order to continue promoting inter-Korean peace and reconciliation on the occasion of the PyeongChang Winter Olympics.Seouls Mayor Park Won-soon expressed his gratitude to IOCs Chairman Thomas Bach for contributing to the unification and reconciliation of the Korean Peninsula during the olympics with love and interest.
To celebrate spring, Seoul City is holding various recreational and cultural activities that can be enjoyed in nature in 22 different parks. From March to June, 13 spring events and 135 spring programs will be held, including spring flower festivals, musical trips, agriculture, ecological cooking, and health programs.In April, beautiful flowers bloom, making it a perfect occasion for spring outing. Also, different events will be held in each park, including outdoor concerts in the forest every weekend.Parks are like natural gyms where you can exercise while breathing clean air.5 special experience rooms will be available at the Noeul Recreation Center, bringing visitors new experiences every month.
In celebration of the 30th Anniversary of the Seoul Olympics, the Seoul Museum of History published How did the 1988 Seoul Olympics develop Seoul?, which shows how Seoul turned into a global city after the 1988 Seoul Olympics.2018 is not only the year of the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics, but also the year of the 30th anniversary of the 1988 Seoul Olympics. After the 1988 Olympics, Seoul underwent a period of growth and changes into an international city not only in terms of sports, but also economically, culturally, and socially.Not only did the population of Seoul exceed 10,000,000 people in 1989, right after the Olympics was held, but also the number of subway lines increased from 1 (9.5 km) to 4 (115.3 km), and the number of parks increased from 1,578 (188.44 ) to 2,190 (240.89), causing huge changes in Seouls urban landscape.The Olympics fever led to the foundation of professional sports such as professional baseball (1982), and to the establishment of the sport-and-recreation culture in the lives of citizens. The unparalleled economic growth led to a widespread consumption, opening the My Car era. Also, various special broadcasting facilities were built in Yeouido to broadcast the Olympics, and the TV distribution rate per household increased dramatically.Due to the expansion of Gangnam in the 1970s, the Hangang River became the new center of Seoul. In the 1980s, the Hangang River ceased to be the boundary that divided Seoul into Gangnam and Gangbuk, and was reborn as a space for citizens, becoming the point of extension of the city network.Superannuated buildings in the center of Seoul was something that had to be solved for the beauty of the city. In order to grant Seoul the form of an advanced city, urban maintenance was promoted, mainly around visible areas.The 1988 Seoul Olympics brought an unparalleled economic growth in Korea. This changed all aspects of the lives of Seoul citizens, activating the culture of recreation, and growing the mass media.Where to purchase: Seoul Bookstore, inside Seoul City Hall (82-2-739-7033)Price: 10,000 KRW
A cultural event called Bukchons Springtime will be held every Saturday during the month of March in Bukchon, a Hanok residence located in Seoul. Visitors will be given the opportunity to enjoy special traditional and cultural experiences of Korea in Bukchon Cultural Center. Every Saturday from 10:00 am to 4:00 pm / Cost of materials: 3,000 KRWAlso, the Hanok Support Center is holding programs to induce the interest of foreigners in the Korean Hanok. March 22 (Thur.) from 10:15 am to 11:00 am for 15 English-speakers (advance reservation required), freeDate: Every Saturday from 10:00 am to 5:00 pm until March 31, 2018 (Sat.)Place: Bukchon Cultural Center (37, Gyedong-gil), Hanok Support Center (11-7, Gyedong 2-gil) Fee: 3,000 KRW for materialsReservations and inquiries: 82-2-741-1033Websitehttp://hanok.seoul.go.kr
Plan of Subsidy Support for Foreign-Invested Enterprises in 2018In accordance with Article 14, Paragraph 4 of the Foreign Investment Promotion Act (FIPA), Article 20, Paragraph 4 of the FIPA Enforcement Decree, Articles 15 and 16 of the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) Ordinance on Support for Foreign Investment, we hereby offer notification of the plan, outlined below, to provide subsidies for employment, education, and training for foreign invested enterprises in Seoul Metropolitan City in 2018. Eligible companies are kindly requested to submit an application for subsidy in accordance with the following.March 7, 2018Mayor of Seoul Metropolitan City
Seouls youth allowance policy was promoted since 2017 to help youth have enough preparation time for a stable entry into society.Seouls youth allowance is available for application via Internet (youthhope.seoul.go.kr) for any unemployed youth aged 19 to 29 living in Seoul with a median household income of less than 150%. A total of 4,000 youth will be selected to receive this support based on various factors such as household income, unemployment period, number of dependents, and working plan.The selected youth will be given 500,000 KRW monthly for job-seeking activities for 2 to 6 months. Also, they will participate in youth-specialization programs to help them carry out more systematic job-seeking activities. The youth lease deposit system is a program that started to be implemented by Seoul City from January 2017 to support the housing expenses of youth aged 19 to 39 who find difficult to save a substantial sum of money. Seoul City has made possible for more youth to receive the benefits of the Youth Lease Deposit program, which is being implemented in Korea for the first time to mitigate housing costs.Since 2018, the range of applicants will be extended to college and graduate students, and loan amounts will be increased to a maximum of 25,000,000 KRW. Furthermore, housing requirements will now include not only monthly rents, but also jeonse. In addition, Seoul City is operating a youth housing website (http://housing.seoul.kr) that provides comprehensive housing information in accordance with the needs of the youth. On this website, information on Seouls youth housing policies, public housing, customized direct transactions, and terms of lease is available for view, and it also allows self-diagnosis and application for lease deposit support.The service of free rental of interview suits is available up to 10 times a year for youth job-seekers from their last year of high school until 34 years of age, provided their dwelling place is in Seoul.Youth wanting to use this service can go to any of the formal suit lenders after making an appointment for a visit through Seouls job portal (job.seoul.go.kr). The rental period is 3 days and 4 nights, and applicants will need to visit the formal suit lender store only for the first rental for size measurement. From the second time on, applicants can receive the interview suit by home-delivery service after submitting an online application. Youth satisfaction survey results conducted in 2017 revealed that the level of satisfaction of users of this service was very high, reaching 97%.
An exhibition called 1904 Seoul Through Stereophotograph will be held in the Seoul Museum of History. 3D photographs of Korea were produced in USA, Australia, and Japan, mostly around 1904. At this time, Seoul conserved a tiled-roofed traditional scenery, and the Seoul City Wall was still visible in the distance. In contrast, there were also various products of modernization policies and reforms promoted by Emperor Gojong after the proclamation of the Korean Empire.In this exhibition, photographs whose shooting spot was confirmed were put on a map of 1902 for visitors to observe the locations. Also, these photos were covered with a lens case based on the principle of stereoscopy to allow visitors to contemplate these 3D photographs the way people did it in those days.Besides, 3D photographs were converted into anaglyphs to give visitors the opportunity to appreciate Seoul in 1904 in large-scale using 3D glasses. Furthermore, videos of Seoul recorded in 1912 will be shown on a big screen.< Exhibition Overview >
To ensure the safety of citizens during the Lunar New Year holidays (Feb. 15 ~ Feb. 18), Seoul City will install emergency medical situation centers and operate on-duty and emergency medical institutions and pharmacies opening during the holidays.67 emergency medical institutions and emergency rooms of general hospitals in Seoul City will operate 24 hours a day as usual, and the operating hours of on-duty medical institutions must be checked before use. A total of 67 emergency medical institutions will open during the Lunar New Year Holidays, including 31 regional emergency centers including the Seoul Medical Center, 20 regional emergency medical institutions including Dongbu Hospital, and 16 hospitals with emergency rooms including Seonam Hospital.Regarding on-duty medical institutions, a total of 1,091 hospitals and clinics will provide primary care for emergency patients during the Lunar New Year holidays. Also, a total of 3,269 pharmacies located near on-duty medical institutions will be in operation during the holidays for the convenience of citizens.The names of hospitals, clinics and pharmacies that will operate during the holidays in your neighborhood can be checked via phone, internet, and smartphone apps, or by calling 119, or visiting the websites of Central Emergency Situation Center, Seoul Metropolitan Government and autonomous districts. For more information, call our Dasan Call Center at 119 or 120. Digestive medicine, antipyretic analgesics, cold remedies, and plasters (13 items) will also be available for purchase in 7,088 stores carrying medical safety supplements, such as convenience stores.
By hosting the PyeongChang Winter Olympics, Seoul City is actively engaged in an urban diplomacy campaign with top foreign and urban figures.First, top foreign public figures attending to the PyeongChang Winter Olympics will visit Seoul City Hall. Mayor Park Won-soon conferred an honorary citizenship to Polands President Andrzej Duda on February 8th, to Germanys President Frank-Walter Steinmeier on February 9th, and will meet Finlands Prime Minister Juha Sipil on February 19th to discuss ways to expand urban exchanges and promote friendship with Seoul City.On February 9th, Mayor Park Won-soon met Cai Qi, Beijings Communist Party Secretary and President of the Organizing Committee of the 2022 Beijing Winter Olympics, to discuss a plan of future cooperation using a Seoul-Beijing Joint Commission, and reinforce cooperative exchange in relation with the 25th Anniversary of the establishment of the Seoul-Beijing Sisterhood in 2018.Also, delegates of foreign sister cities invited by Seoul City to attend the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Olympics will be visiting Seoul. Mayor Park Won-soon met Ulaanbaatars Mayor Batbold Sundui and Istanbuls Mayor Merlut Uysal on February 9th, and Toshkents Mayor Rakhmonbek Usmanov on February 10th to discuss the interests of each city and a future plan of cooperation.Besides, a total of 61 delegates from 16 cities around the world, including Paris, Amsterdam, Los Angeles, Budapest, Tokyo, Shandong, and Taipei, visited Seoul.Each delegate visited Seoul City Hall on February 9th not only to inspect the TOPIS, but also to participate along with Mayor Park Won-soon and Deputy Mayor Kim Jong-wook in the Opening Ceremony of the PyeongChang Winter Olympics and support their teams. On February 10th, a night event of sister countries was held, including friendship and goodwill events between the participating cities.Mayor Park Won-soon said that Seoul, as a city that has successfully solved urban problems, is being demanded to carry out an active role in the international community, and promised to share Seouls outstanding policies with sister countries and with other foreign countries to solve the common problems of cities around the world.
The air quality in Seoul is greatly affected by not only internal factors, but those of surrounding nations as well. As an answer to this, Seoul City is making an effort to mitigate the yellow dust and fine dust levels by planting trees in Mongolias desert areas. Since 2016, Seoul City has planted 40,000 trees across 40 hectares (ha) of the district of Argalant in Mongolia, which is 90% desert, and is planning to plant 20,000 more trees on 20 hectares in 2018.Considering the characteristics of the Mongolian region, where trees grow slowly and have a low rate of survival, complementary tree planting efforts are going to continue to be carried out until at least 100 hectares have been covered. The survival rate for trees in Mongolia is about 50%This program includes the direct participation of local residents, whose response to the program is positive, as it is linked with income generation. This will allow the project to be conducted on an ongoing basis in the future. Seoul City will continue working in various ways to improve the citys air quality.
Seoul City is promoting cultural events held by foreign resident communities in 2018 to encourage community activities and cultural events made by the citys foreign residents. To this end, Seoul City is supporting 80% of the expenses (up to a maximum of 6 million won) for selected eventsFrom March to November 2018, cultural events (making use of music, physical activities, food, costumes, etc.) held in Seoul by foreign resident communities (including foreign students, married immigrant women, workers, etc.) and private organizations will be targeted for this support. In particular, the city is going to focus on supporting events that can be expanded to Civic Participation Festivals, such as host country national day celebrations, folklore-based/holiday events, and national exchange and cooperation events.Foreign resident communities that wish to apply will need to submit an application form, along with detailed plans about the event, and an introduction to their community.Application Form  Notice for Organizations Applying for Financial Support
In celebration of the Lunar New Years Day, Seoul City is conducting a New Years Special Transportation Measure to allow citizens to celebrate holidays safely and comfortably. Through this special measure, citizens will be able to return home fast and comfortably because the subway and buses will operate until later than usual.On February 16th and 17th, which is when more visitors are expected, the subway and buses will operate until 2:00am of the next day. Nine Night Owl Bus lines and more than 2,800 night taxis will operate normally during the holidays to facilitate transit in the city.Subway lines 1 through 9, and the Ui LRT line will also operate until 2:00 am based on the time of arrival in the last stop. Since the time of departure of the last train varies depending on the station and destination, it is advisable to check notices attached to subway stations or announcements in advance.On the same days, intra-city buses will also operate until 2:00 am in 130 lines via 5 subway stations (Seoul Station, Yongsan Station, Yeongdeungpo Station, Cheongnyangni Station, and Suseo Station), and 4 bus terminals (Seoul Express Bus Terminal (Gangnam), Dongseoul Bus Terminal, Nambu Bus Terminal, and Sangbong Bus Terminal).For more information, please visit the Seoul Traffic Information Center website (http://topis.seoul.go.kr), or contact Dasan Call Center at 120.
In celebration of Koreas biggest holiday, the Lunar New Year, Seoul City has prepared an event using the Korean traditional folk game, Yut-nori, so that all citizens can approach and enjoy Jeongdongs historical and cultural resources.Through this event called Lets Have Fun in the Roads of the Korean Empire, participants will be given the opportunity not only to enjoy traditional folk games along with their family in the Lunar New Years Day, but also to learn about Jeongdongs historical and cultural resources.To participate in this event, you only have to sign up for the Yut-nori Team after participating in the Jeongdong History Stamp Tour held from February 1 to 13, 2018.This Stamp Tour not only has historical meaning, but also will take participants to four of not well known places (Jungmyeongjeon Hall, Appenzeller Noble Memorial Museum, Salvation Army History Museum, and the Community Chest of Korea).A Yut-nori set will be given to 100 applicants among those who participate in Jeongdongs History Stamp Tour (Lets Have Fun in the Roads of the Korean Empire) on a first-come-first-served basis, so that they can play Yut-nori with family and friends in the Lunar New Years Day.
To share the charm of its diverse and beautiful trails, Seoul City has selected 40 themed places. The 40 Themed Trail selected this time are: Hangang/Stream Trail (14 places), Beautiful Forest Trail (14 places), Beautiful Valley Trail (1 place), Trail with Magnificent Sceneries (6 places), Historical and Cultural Trail (5 places).<Hangang/Stream Trail> The Hongjecheon Stream, located in Seodaemun-gu, was desolate and without water before being restored as an ecological river through the 5-year restoration project carried out from 2006 to 2011. Now, not only forsythias are in full bloom, but also carps and crucian carps can be appreciated by the river, along with its waterfalls and music fountains. Also, visitors can make use of the two free bicycle rental centers located by the river to go hiking. <Beautiful Forest Trail> While in the middle of Seoul, Inwangsan Forest Trail is always full of beauty because the scenery around the trail changes depending on the season. While walking the wooded trail, visitors can enjoy historical places, and also see and listen to their stories.<Trail with Magnificent Sceneries> Although the Hanumul Trail, located in Geumcheon-gu, is a rocky mountain way that goes all the way up to Hanumul, everyone, regardless of age or gender, can normally climb it without difficulty. Hanumul (or Han Well, according to its meaning in Korean) is a huge well not to be compared with the size of normal wells. It is a mysterious historical site that does not run out of water even in times of drought.<Historical and Cultural Trail> The Yanghwanaru Trail, is a walkway that goes from the Yanghwajin Seongji Park until Mangwonjeong Pavilion, following what was the Yanghwajinnaru area in the past. Various historical and cultural places can be appreciated in this walkway, such as the cemetery of foreign missionaries who helped with the modernization of the Korean society in general during the early time of enlightenment, and the Yanghwanaru area, which was a strategic point of transportation from Seoul to Ganghwa.<Seouls Themed Trail > is available for purchase from January 31, 2018, at 3,000 KRW per unit at Seoul Bookstore, located in the first basement level of the main building of Seoul City Hall. Free download is also available on the website (http://ebook.seoul.go.kr).
Seoul City will open a special reception booth from January 26 to March 18, 2018 in celebration of the XXIII Olympic Winter Games in Pyeongchang.Under the slogan Welcome to Seoul, Gate to Pyeongchang, Seoul City is operating a special reception booth for 52 days so that foreigners visiting Korea to watch the XXIII Olympic Winter Games to be held in Pyeongchang can receive a warm reception in Seoul.This special reception booth will be installed in the 6 major tourist destinations, namely Incheon International Airport, Gimpo International Airport, Myeongdong, Dongdaemun, Namsan Mountain, and Gwanghwamun, featuring special events. In Incheon International Airport, the Fighting Pyeongchang 2018 event will be held, offering prizes to those who complete various missions such as sending cheering messages to athletes participating in the XXIII Olympic Winter Games. In Gimpo International Airport, visitors will be given the opportunity to experience popular sports (ski) of the Winter Olympics through VR (Virtual Reality) gadgets.A Special Help Center will also provide service until March 18, 2018 in major locations such as in Incheon International Airport and Seoul Station so that tourists visiting Seoul can travel without any inconvenience.
Seoul City is offering a free shuttle bus (also known as the Pyeongchang e-bus *No shuttle buses will operate on February 9th for the Opening Ceremony) that will be running from Seoul to PyeongchangGangneung during the PyeongChang Winter Olympics (2.10-2.25*) and the Paralympics (3.9-3.18).Anybody with a ticket to an Olympic Games event or any of the Cultural Olympiad performances to be held in PyeongchangGangneung may use the shuttle bus after making a reservation via Internet or smartphone on a first-come-first-served basis. Reservations can be made starting at 11:00am on January 26th, 2018 through the reservation website (http://www.ebusnvan.com).The free shuttle buses (31-seater luxury buses) will follow a total of four routes, with a maximum of 30 buses operating every day, depending on the amount of reservations made.All users of the free shuttle bus service will receive a welcome kit, including a brochure of the PyeongChang Winter Olympics and a tourist brochure for Seoul City and Gangwon-do. For more details, please visit the website (http://www.ebusnvan.com) or contact us (82-1661-9964).
In Bukchon, Jongno-gu, an area that is highly populated with Korean traditional houses called hanok, a diverse and special hanok has opened its doors to allow anyone free access. The Seoul City is set to begin running a culture program in order to expand the use of public hanok and preserve the historical and cultural value of hanok in the Bukchon area.The five newly opened places include:  Bukchon Bookstore,  Bukchon Hanok Hall,  Hanok Heritage Center,  Traditional Safflower Dye Workshop, and  Weaving Workshop.First, Bukchon Bookstore will hold a diverse program of cultural activities with books as the central theme, including the selling of used books, book club activities, lectures on the humanities, reciting experiences, and more.Operating Hours: 11:00-17:00 (closed on Sundays and Mondays)Location: 19-12 Bukchon-ro 5-gilInquiries: 82-2-995-6630Located in Gahoe-dong, Jongno-gu, Bukchon Hanok Hall is a facility for exhibitions, educational programs,forums,regional events which are related to hanok and the historical and cultural value of hanok areas. To book a program between March and July 2018, register on the online Seoul Hanok Portal (http://hanok.seoul.go.kr) by Feb. 20, 2018. Operating Hours: 10:00-18:00 (Closed on Mondays)Location: 29-1 Bukchon-ro 12-gilInquiries: 82-2-2133-5580The Hanok Heritage Center is operated on the grounds of a former guest house which was transformed into a hanok education and research center with facilities such as a library and exhibition room. The Hanok Document Library allows you to search books and documents related to hanok, while the Hanok Model Exhibition Room displays existing wooden hanok structures at 1/5 scale. Operating Hours: 11:00-17:00 (closed on Sundays and Mondays)Location: 103-7 Gyedong-gilInquiries: 82-2-741-7441The Traditional Safflower Dye Workshop is a place where visitors can appreciate various restored works of art created using the traditional safflower dyeing method, and for those who make a reservation in advance, they can also experience natural dyeing. The traditional method is a way of dyeing using safflowers. It was widely used for making the red gowns worn by kings, the scarlet-hued Hongnyongpo, the royal costume, everyday household items, and much more. Operating Hours: 10:00-17:00 (closed on Mondays)Location: 10 Changdeokgung 5-gilInquiries: 82-10-3993-3325The Weaving Workshop allows visitors to experience various textile handicrafts (fabric weaving demonstrations, textile handicraft experience programs) based on the slowly disappearing method of traditional weaving.Operating Hours: 11:00-18:00 (closed on Sundays and Mondays)Location: 14 Bukchon-ro 11ga-gilInquiries: 82-10-3326-5383For more detailed information on public hanok in Seoul, check the online Seoul Hanok Portal at http://hanok.seoul.go.kr.
Seoul City is set to provide diverse opportunities for its citizens to experience the live, heated atmosphere of Pyeongchang right in the heart of Seoul and check out Winter Olympic sports items at Seoul Plaza Ice Skating Rink, Gwanghwamun Plaza, Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP), and many other places, as part of its efforts to make the PyeongChang Winter Olympics a resounding success. ICT Winter Sports Experiential Space: Will be held in two dome-shaped buildings in the south area of Seoul Plaza Ice Skating Rink (near Plaza Hotel), and citizens can vividly experience ski jumps, figure jumps, snowball fights, snow sledding, and other winter sports through VR (Jan. 29-Feb. 25). Seoul Plaza Ice Skating Rink Experience Program: This experience program will be held once a day. An expert curler will explain the rules of the game and demonstrate how to play at the childrens ice skating rink (Feb. 1-Feb. 14). Operation of Two Live Sites (Gwanghwamun Plaza, DDP): These two places will allow citizens to experience the heated atmosphere of the Olympics live in the middle of the city through large billboards, and operate as a celebratory space for cheering on the competitors that will melt away the coldness of winter. Also, Seoul City will provide support for the convenience of visitors traveling through Seoul during the Olympics. PyeongChang Winter Olympics Special Help Centers will be set up (Jan.18-Mar. 18) at major spots in Incheon International Airport, Seoul Station, and elsewhere. These centers can provide information on traveling in Seoul and Pyeongchang. Also, during the Special Welcoming Week (Jan. 26-Mar.18), booths will be installed at major tourist locations in Incheon and Gimpo International Airports, Myeongdong, and other places where visitors can try Winter Olympics sports, experience wearing hanbok and play traditional games.Support will be offered for transportation so that visitors are not inconvenienced by the great increase in the number of visitors moving back and forth between Seoul and Pyeongchang. For 11 bus routes passing through transit locations, such as Seoul Station, Express Bus Terminal Station, and Sangbong Bus Terminal Station, the final departure will be extended to 2 am.  Final departure extension will take place for 10 days (Feb. 9 Opening Ceremony, Feb. 10, Feb. 12, Feb. 14, Feb. 17-21, Feb. 25 Closing Ceremony), centering on days where there will be an increased number of visitors, such as on the Opening Ceremony day. 11 routes: 262, 405, 504, 604, 9401, 9701, N13 Sanggye, N26 Gangseo, 360, 643, N61 Sanggye In addition, more taxis will be dispatched to Seoul Station, bus terminals, etc., at night during the Winter Olympics period as a convenience for visitors traveling back to Seoul late at night.
To improve the lives of foreign residents in Seoul, Seoul Metropolitan Government is now recruiting foreign volunteers who are willing to provide suggestions about inconveniences in every aspect of their daily lives, such as those related to multi-cultural family affairs, legal and governmental policy.
Located in Jongno, Sinchon, and other places with a high population of youth, Seoul Job Cafe is a space for job searchers between the ages of 18 and 39. The cafe provides the latest job information, employment counseling, duty consultation, and other various employment support programs, in addition to study room rentals. All programs and services are free of charge.Study rooms are considered to be the most important factor for youth preparing for employment, and Seoul City has created job cafes at private facilities, such as study cafes and language institutes, as well as in public facilities. Through the cafe, approximately 60 study rooms that can accommodate between 2-10 persons are provided for free. Hours of use for the study rooms are a maximum of 3 hours per person per day.Meanwhile, Seoul City is set to expand the number of job cafes to 90 in 2018, from the 78 places currently in operation. Also, it will continue to listen to opinions of the youth in order to expand consumer-oriented programs which will be of practical use to those preparing for employment, and it plans to increase the quality by systematically organizing the programs according to individual levels of preparation. To participate in the employment support program or to book study rooms at <Seoul City Job Cafe>, you may refer to the Seoul Job Portal (job.seoul.go.kr) for confirmation and registration.
Incheon International Airport is Seouls representative airport, serving as the gateway to the city for people from all over the world. In 2001, it took over the role of Koreas main international airport from Gimpo International Airport. In 2008, a concourse building was added in the middle of the airport, along with a runway on the west side, and the second passenger terminal was finally added on the north side on Jan. 18, 2018.Incheon International Airport is compartmentalized by airlines and not by destinations. It is highly encouraged that passengers check the location and number of their boarding terminal on the airport website beforehand. Incheon International Airport Website: https://www.airport.kr/ap/en/index.doThe most convenient way to get to Incheon International Airport from Seoul is to take the Seoul Metropolitan Rapid Transit (subway) or the bus. A subway going from Seoul Station to Terminal 2 takes 66 minutes and is set to open on Jan. 13. The Seoul City airport buses with numbers in the 6000s will extend their final destination from Terminal 1 to Terminal 2. Compared to the subway, however, buses take much longer to go move from one terminal to another, since they have to take detours, unlike an underground subway. Moreover, once an airport bus stops at Terminal 1, it takes extra time to unload passengers luggage before leaving for Terminal 2. Taking this into consideration, the total trip time may take up to 30 minutes longer when you are headed to Terminal 2 as compared to Terminal 1. Therefore, passengers heading to Terminal 2 should leave for the airport much earlier than before. There will be no additional charges for the extended bus route, and the service will begin on Jan. 15. Meanwhile, airport buses with numbers in the 6700s will first head to Terminal 2 before heading to Terminal 1, starting Jan. 18. And it should also be noted that, from Jan. 15, a portion of the bus lines (6006-1, 6009-1, 6020-1, 6300-1) will only operate up to Terminal 1, and will not head to Terminal 2. If you get off at the wrong terminal by mistake, you can move between terminals. You may take the Airport Railroad (operates 5 times per hour in the afternoon, 6-minute ride, 900 won charge), or take the shuttle bus prepared by Incheon International Airport (operates 12 times per hour, 15-18-minute ride, free of charge).
< Major city policies to be changed in 2018 >In order to support families planning to have children in the current age of low birth rates, postnatal visiting services will be put into effect from July 2018. Every family going through the process of childbirth will be provided with a dispatched postnatal health management assistant. Furthermore, the age range of children eligible to receive free influenza vaccinations will be expanded from those between six months and under 59 months, to those between six months and 12 years old. In addition, to minimize inconvenience for the blind and visually impaired, card braille stickers, which can be used to distinguish cards and/or IDs, will be distributed free of charge at community service centers from May 2018. Also, the expansion of national and public daycare centers (to be completed in 2018 with 1000 centers being added) will help more children be admitted to public facilities. The Ttareungyi public bike rental service will be expanded to 1,540 locations, and existing services which have gathered much support from the public, such as the installation of 155 additional decorative bathrooms, will continue to be pursued. Meanwhile, all 22 of Seoul Citys parks under its direct management will be designated as alcohol free zones. < Major facilities to be opened in 2018 >In April, the Sinchon Culture Center  will be opened and provide infrastructure to support the activities of artists and other people pursuing cultural interests. The Sinchon Culture Center is scheduled to be built on four above-ground floors and two basement levels in the Sinchon area (47 Yonsei-ro 2na-gil, Seodaemun-gu), and will be known as Seouls representative cultural space. It will provide a culture platform service for artists and other people pursuing cultural interests that supports their design, creation, presentation, and exhibition activities. Moreover, it will also work to develop a network among artists by operating cultural spaces and cafes within the Culture Center premises. Seoul Botanic Park, where people can enjoy plants and botanical culture, is expected to open in early 2018. Being designed in Magok, Gangseo-gu on a scale of 540,000, it will consist of four spaces: the  Open Forest Park,  Botanical Garden,  Lake Park, and  Wetland Eco Center. Three thousand types of plants will be on exhibit, centered in greenhouses and themed gardens. It is expected to become a world-class botanical park, a space for education and culture where the city and nature coexist. Seoul City will distribute Changing Life in Seoul, 2018 to autonomous local offices and community service centers as a way to introduce new or changing policies for the new year. The guide will also be posted online at Seoul Citys e-book site (http://ebook.seoul.go.kr/).
How does it sound to come up with New Years resolutions with books at the Seoul Metropolitan Library? From Jan. 2 to Feb. 4 in six collection rooms and the exhibition room on first floor, the Seoul Metropolitan Library will showcase the Preview of 2018: Reading Trends with Books, Up-cycling Pop-up Playground Exhibition and other exhibition programs. Preview of 2018: Reading Trends with Books will be held on different subject matters in six collection rooms including the Disability Collections, General Collections I~II, Digital Collections, Seoul Document Collections and Global Collections, and Up-cycling Pop-up Playground Exhibition will be in session in the Exhibition Room from Jan. 9 until Feb. 4. Theme Book Exhibition, to be held in six collection rooms of the Seoul Metropolitan Library, continues to select documents from among existing documents so that citizens will take interest in reading and library visits will be revitalized. A variety of library documents will be available on detailed subjects including, Show Us Your Ability, Trend 2018, The New Year of 2018 in Books, Health Preview of 2018, The Year of the Golden Dog, New Policies of Seoul City in 2018, and Things that can happen in the near future. In General Collections II, books on health management for living beyond 100 years to reach 120 years will be available in the exhibit of Health Preview of 2018, and the exhibit of The Year of the Golden Dog will showcase actors born in the golden year and their filmographies in Digital Collections.Also, New Policies of Seoul City in 2018 in Seoul Document Collections will examine the policies that were put into effect over the past four years, and also those Seoul City policies that will be spotlighted and newly improved will be examined centering on keywords such as youth, Day Care Center, Community Service Center, etc. In Global Collections, readers will be presented with books that look at the human future where expectations for change and the fear of unpredictability coexist, and have a chance to consider where our future and the human race may be headed. The Up-cycling Pop-up Playground Exhibition was designed to help citizens realize the importance of the environment and gain a new understanding of the value of picture books, helping them to let their imaginations fly. It will be held in the Exhibition Room on the first floor of the Seoul Metropolitan Library. Up-cycling: adding designs or applications to recycled products to add value to and recreate the products.The Theme Book Exhibits in January and the Up-cycling Pop-up Playground Exhibition can be accessed by all free of charge during library operation hours (closed on Mondays). For more information, refer to website of the Seoul Metropolitan Library homepage (lib.seoul.go.kr).
Dear citizens of Seoul, and fellow officials of the Seoul Metropolitan Government, Last year, we opened a new era for Korea together.  We gathered at the candle plaza for months and asked the government, Is this what our country is all about? Our convictions changed the fate of the entire nation. The regime change was a victory for democracy, a victory for common sense, and a victory for the future. The year 2018 has now dawned. The incumbent Moon Jae-in administration has declared that government policies are meaningless unless they change citizens lives for the better.  As such, the national policies are currently directed toward improving peoples lives in a thriving Korea. The reason is that we are faced with a desperate reality. The sense of community has dissolved. Lonely deaths are on the rise. Too many identify themselves as gold or dirt according to the Spoon Class Theory, reminding all of us about the state of our society. However, in cooperation with the national government, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will put the highest priority on the welfare and prosperity of its citizens in 2018. Beyond the era of individualism, we will open an era of social friendship through the restoration of community. We have already spearheaded changes in Seoul over the past six years. Seoul is a great city. Seoul is not a city of giants, steered by a handful of capitalists and vested interests. It is ordinary citizens who have always been the ones to make history in Seoul.Seoul once invested heavily in construction instead of people.  The city considered welfare benefits a waste of money. In 2011, however, the citizens chose a different path for their municipal administration.As a candidate, I promised to bring an end to the time when citizens existed for the city and start an era when the city would exist for the citizens. I pledged to become the first mayor to change everyones life for the better. My commitment has resulted in significant changes in Seoul in cooperation with its citizens and my fellow officials in the Seoul Metropolitan Government. For the past six years, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has run all its municipal affairs based on its governance philosophy, treasuring citizen engagement, innovation, and communication. Over the past six years, Seoul has invested in citizens lives. What Seoul has done during those 6 years is make investments in people. As a result, Seoul reduced its debts by half while doubling its welfare spending during this period. Seoul has successfully opened the era of universal welfare and made a paradigm shift toward the delivery of welfare benefits to potential beneficiaries. Seoul has indeed changed the model of urban development over the past six years. Seoul is no longer a city that keeps repeating demolition and construction. It is a place where everything is recycled.Through investments in people, the competitiveness of Seoul has jumped over the years.While Koreas competitiveness has dropped to 26th, that of Seoul has risen to 6th in the world. Furthermore, Seoul is connected to the rest of the world more broadly than ever. Seoul joins forces with global cities to promote the sustainable and inclusive growth of the city. The dream that Seoul has made come true is expanding across the country and to the rest of the world. Meanwhile, until the inauguration of the new administration in May 2017, the policies of Seoul continued to be suppressed by the central government for the reason that they were proposed by a mayor from the opposing political party. The Seoul Metropolitan Government could not dream of attempting co-governance with the central government because of sharp differences in philosophies and values. Its policy proposals were always rejected by the central government.  Examples include the free school lunch policy for all children in school, support for communities self-reliance projects, the expansion of welfare budgets, and the regularization of irregular workers. My proposal for a youth allowance for unemployed youth was denounced as the devils temptation. Seouls new challenges were all opposed and suppressed by the central government, as they were proposed by the mayor of Seoul.Still, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has made considerable achievements.Seouls happy journey to change citizens lives has brought about the intended results only because its citizens and my fellow officials have fully supported the metropolitan governments new policies. The new central government of Korea has joined the Seoul Metropolitan Governments effort to improve the quality of its citizens lives, which began six years ago. Seouls policies have now become the new central governments policies. Seouls innovations have now become the nationwide standard for innovations.To be exact, 59% of the tasks that the Seoul Metropolitan Government has proposed to the central government are reflected in the new presidents campaign promises. Seouls policies, including the regularization of irregular workers, support of outreach community centers, and expansion of national/public childcare centers, are spreading across the country. It is time to create the countrys first city that changes the quality of its citizens lives. Our earnest efforts over the past six years have turned out to be not enough to upgrade the quality of life of ten million citizens. Thus, armed with greater responsibility, Seoul is about to set off on an even more ambitious journey. Seouls tomorrow must be built on its six-year achievements.  Seouls tomorrow must be an evolution, instead of a mere mathematical accumulation of past accomplishments. What exactly should Seoul look like tomorrow? First, Seoul must invest in people.The young must not fear To fall in love, getting married, and creating a family. Too many citizens equate having children to giving up on their career success.  The term low-birth rate society is not enough to depict the entire problem. The real issue is that women have to sacrifice their lives just because they have given birth to children. Seoul will definitely change the lives of women in their 30s.Seoul will build a model of joint responsibilities for its citizens who have and care for children.  The responsibility for childcare must be shared by individuals and the nation.In 2018, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will begin to implement the joint childcare scheme and strive to get the central government to accept and implement it nationwide. This year, the number of national/public childcare centers in Seoul will surpass the 1,500 mark.  The average distance on foot between a home and a national/public childcare center will be shortened to 9 minutes, from 25 minutes in 2011. By 2020, one in two children will go to an even closer national/public childcare center in Seoul.The young getting ready for marriage point out that housing is their biggest obstacle. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide public housing to newlyweds in need of housing. We will invest in the young people in love so that they will no longer have to fear loving someone and starting a family. Seoul, the First City to Change Citizens Lives, is a city where the young can fall in love without worries. Second, Seoul makes investments in its future.As a way to eliminate inequality and imbalance, we have declared and implemented WEconomics  the economy for all. For the past six years, we have created Seoul  a city of economic democracy and Seoul  a city respecting workers rights while investing in the future of our youth.   The push for economic democracy and respect for workers rights that started in Seoul has now expanded to the entire country.Seoul will not stop its honorable movement towards the elimination of inequality and imbalance. The world is now faced with the megatrends brought on by the Fourth Industrial Revolution. No one can grow without innovation. Without growth, no one can implement the distribution of wealth. Seoul intends to realize an economy for all through innovative growth.In support of the central governments innovation-oriented economic policies, Seoul has launched Seoul-style innovative growth projects that create a number of jobs. Seoul has designated its hubs for the five most promising industries, biotech, R&D, MICE, urban manufacturing, and cultural contents. It will create a startup-friendly ecosystem where innovators from all around the world will gather. To combat climate change, Seoul is becoming a City of Sunlight. Over the past five years, Seoul has generated an amount of energy equal to two nuclear power plants and reduced the amount of usage through citizen engagement.By 2022, Seoul is planning to generate 1 gigawatt, or 1,000 megawatts, of electricity from solar power, which is equivalent to the electricity produced by one nuclear power plant. By then, one in every three households in the city will be producing solar energy. Seouls pledge has also expanded to the Ambitious City Promises project. Seouls promise to reduce greenhouse gas emissions 10 million tons by 2020 has been applied to low-carbon urban development in Southeast Asia for the first time in the world, courtesy of the support of the German government.  Seouls challenge has played a leading role in the shaping of the new central governments energy conversion policy in Korea while serving as an outstanding example for the international community. Seoul invests in the next generation. Seoul will expand its programs for youths, such as the youth allowance, public housing for students, and the New Deal Employment for Youth. Seoul also makes investments in the 50-plus generation, another future generation of the city. The Seoul 50 Plus Foundation helps the citys citizens over 50 to design a productive post-retirement life. Seoul intends to respond actively to diverse family types according to changes taking place in its demographic structure. Seoul will provide various support measures to single-person households and multicultural families, among others. Diversity is what sets Seoul apart from many other cities. Seoul, the First City to Change Citizens Lives, is a city with a sustainable future. Third, Seoul makes investments in peace. The tension between the two Koreas, as well as the instability in Northeast Asia, are adding to the Seoul discount effect. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will always support the Moon Jae-in administrations efforts to bring peace to the Korean Peninsula.  Peace and connection are the two keywords that will ultimately govern inter-Korean relations. Seoul Station has a big signpost saying that it is the starting point of the Trans Eurasian Railway, which will connect Seoul to the European continent beyond the northern end of the Korean Peninsula. In this way, Seoul will be a platform for global citizens, rather than an island cut off by its northern neighbor. With such a bold vision, Seoul will lay the groundwork for inter-Korean exchanges and urban diplomacy in the international community. Seoul has been able to maintain peace for the past 68 years thanks to its citizens hard work and sacrifices for the citys achievement of prosperity and safety. Seoul is now recognized as the best venue for international conferences, with more than 13 million people have visited  the city.Seoul is a city of peace, thriving with global citizens. Seoul, the First City to Change Citizens Lives, is a city of peace.Dear citizens of Seoul, and my fellow officials of the Seoul Metropolitan Government.Each and every citizen of Seoul is entitled to live a happy life regardless of the situation he or she faces. Citizens of Seoul, a city of new life, ally and cooperate with others based on social friendship. Social friendship empowers an individualistic society to restore its spirit of community. I have tried to link what I thought six years ago with what I have planned for the future. I believe that, in 10 years, even rivers and mountains change. It takes 10 years to change the course of ones life.  I began to prepare six years early.The 10-year revolution is a big shift that changes the course of my life. It is also what completes Seoul, the first city that has changed the course of our lives. We are dreaming of a greater city together. Seoul will strive to be up to par with Tokyo, Paris, and London and be recognized as a city with the worlds best quality of life. Dear citizens of Seoul, and fellow officials of the Seoul Metropolitan Government.The 10-year revolution of Seoul will change the quality of life of each and every citizen of Seoul, but it can only be completed successfully with your full support. Let us set off on a happy journey together to better lives in 2018. Thank you.
Seoul has created a Music Star Zone near the Olympic Stadium and Jamsil Sports Complex, locations known for having hosted various celebrated Korean and international musicians.In order to commemorate those famous musicians from Korea and abroad who have performed at Jamsil Sports Complex, a Music Star Zone has been temporarily created on the grounds of Jamsil Sports Complex, connecting with the Olympic Star Street. The recently created Music Star Zone features handprints and commemorative markers for 30 famous musicians both from Korea and abroad, in remembrance of their performances.Markers for five international artists have been installed at the location, commemorating Michael Jackson, Paul McCartney, Coldplay, and others. In addition, life-sized handprints and biographies for 20 of the most famous Korean artists, including Tai Ji Seo, IU, and BTS, which reached 28th place on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart in 2017, were plated in copper and installed. Seoul will hereafter continue to consistently create commemorative spaces for famous domestic and foreign musicians who perform at Jamsil Sports Complex, in an effort to provide a wider range of entertainment for its citizens. 
A Hot Winter Market where steaks, tacos, pad thai, sushi and various other foods from all over the world can be enjoyed is going to open soon. This event will be held in Yeouido Hangang Park Event Plaza (Yeouinaru Station, Exit 2) for six days, from Jan. 2, 2018 (Tue) until Jan. 7, 2018 (Sun).Hours of Operation: (weekdays) 17:0022:00, (weekends) 15:0021:00Based on the positive turnout for the Seoul Christmas Market, the Seoul Hot Winter Market will provide assistance to food truck owners experiencing difficulty with securing working space during winter season. The market will also serve as a sales space in response to handmade craft vendors requests for a stable working space during the winter, and provide citizens with opportunities to experience new ways of enjoying winter culture along the Hangang River. Last years Seoul Christmas Market, which ran from Dec. 15 (Fri) until Dec. 31 (Sun), hosted 60 food trucks and 200 teams of handmade craft vendors, who participated in the market on alternating days. As of Dec. 25, 2017 (Mon), 11 days after opening to the public, more than 200,000 people had visited, recording total sales of approximately 670 million won.The food trucks for the Seoul Hot Winter Market will offer a variety of international dishes, such as steaks, tacos, pad thai, sushi and more. Handmade merchandise will include accessories such as necklaces and broaches, flowerpots, and other handmade crafts that reveal the care and individualism of their creators. This event will be held inside the same large interior structures at the Yeouido Hangang Park Event Plaza that were previously used for the Seoul Christmas Market. Within these structures, handmade craft and experience booths, as well as spaces for food and drinks, will offer guests a warmer, more convenient market experience. Every night at 6pm and 8pm, performances such as indie band buskings and other casual shows will take place to foster the warm spirit of the New Year. 
Discover Seoul Pass, a travel pass for foreign tourists first introduced on July 29, 2016, has surpassed 20,000 tickets in cumulative sales. Discover Seoul Pass is a travel-exclusive card that grants free entry into 21 popular Seoul hot spots, as well as discounts on 13 other venues, including performances, duty-free shops, tourist facilities and more.  Tourists can also use the cards T-money function for transportation needs, which is convenient for foreign travelers and is being highlighted for its cost-effective advantages. On Nov. 1, 2017, a special PyeongChang version of the Discover Seoul Pass was released, leading to a sales increase of 2,700 additional units. The special PyeongChang version of the Discover Seoul Pass has all of the previous benefits, with 61 new venues being added as discounted service affiliates as well, including High 1 Resort, Phoenix PyeongChang, YongPyeong Resort, Gangneung Coffee Museum, Daegwallyeong Yangtte Farm, and other major places in Gangwon-do.As the number of users of the Discover Seoul Pass has increased, it is now being viewed as a revitalizing force in domestic tourism. The most visited places recorded using the Discover Seoul Pass were N Seoul Tower, Grevin Seoul Museum, Gyeongbokgung Palace, Alive Museum, the Seoul City Tour Bus (DDP), Trick Eye Museum, MBC World, Teseum, Hanboknam (Hanbok rentals), and Changdeokgung Palace. As if reflecting the expectations of the tourist industry, interest from the business sector in participating in the Discover Seoul Pass has been on the rise. Accordingly, diversified services and benefits are expected to be added to the Pass in 2018, including skin care services, medical tourism services (such as health screenings), duty-free shops, food and drink services, other shopping, and Airport Railway express trains (IncheonSeoul). As a newly added benefit, foreigners with the Discover Seoul Pass are granted free entry to Seoul Plaza Skating Rink, which opened on Dec. 22, 2017 and will remain open for 66 days, until Feb. 25, 2018. The convenient Mobile Pass, which people can purchase and use anywhere and at any time, will also be incorporated. It can be bought via smart phone and allows free entry to tourist spots. Citizens can check the remaining time available and also check travel information at any time, which is expected to greatly help tourists with their travel planning. In the first half of the year, with cooperation from SM Entertainment, new cards that feature special memorabilia of famous Hallyu singers, such as TVXQ and EXO, will debut, with K-Pop star images saved within. 72-hour cards will be released along with the currently available 24- and 48-hour cards. The Discover Seoul Pass can be purchased at Incheon International Airport, travel information centers located in major tourist spots in Seoul, hotels, CU convenience stores, KEB Hana Bank branches, and elsewhere, and can also be bought through online travel agencies such as OTA.
Seoul City invites the citizens of Seoul to the 2018 PyeongChang Olympics Sacred Torch Relay and Celebration Festival. The 2018 PyeongChang Olympics Sacred Torch Relay will be held from Jan. 13, 2018 until Jan. 16, 2018, for four days all across Seoul. Citizens will be able to witness the Sacred Torch Relay, back for the first time in 30 years after the 1988 Seoul Olympics, and we will also have a small sendoff group in order to showcase to the world the uniqueness of Seoul culture travel, such as Seoullo 7017, Bukchon Hanok Village, and Naksan Park of the Seoul City Wall. Seoul citizens are highly encouraged to participate and show their support.Each night at Gwanghwamun Square (Jan 13), Jamsil Sports Complex (Jan 14), National Museum of Korea (Jan 15) and Yeouido Hangang Park (Jan 16), the last person carrying the torch will light the temporary Olympic flame holder alongside the Flame Festival where citizens of Seoul and tourists will gather, so we would appreciate your attendance at the ceremonies.  An Olympic Flame Festival where every night the last person carrying the torch lights the temporary Olympic flame holder and where local residents and the lighter of the day gather together and enjoy.
 Dec. 31, 2017  Starting with the first run in the morning, the 2.8 km Jongno Exclusive Median Bus Lane (Sejong-daero Junction  Heunginjimun Junction) is scheduled to begin being used. With the opening of this bus lane, the East-West axis that penetrates through downtown Seoul will be complete, increasing the convenience of public transportation usage.With the opening of Jongnos Exclusive Median Bus Lane, bus travel speed is expected to increase by 31%, from 13.5km/h to 17.7km/h, and the operation time difference will stabilize to within 1-2 minutes, which is expected to improve the bus service. For the Jongno Exclusive Median Bus Lane, 15 new stops have been built along this section, with consideration given to demand for bus usage, convenience of subway transfers, and the location of existing bus stops. < Check changes to bus stops and expected operation hours of routes ahead of time >5 Seoul Bus routes passing through Jongno (471, 710, 405, 701, 9401) were adjusted starting Sep. 15, 2017, and have been using Euljiro, Cheonggyecheon-ro, Yulgok-ro and other roads. The bus lines that go through Jongno to move in or out of the area will not be stopping at some of the Exclusive Median Bus Lane stops. This is a measure to maintain smooth bus flow. Seoul City has announced the bus route changes on the Seoul City Transportation Information Center homepage (www.topis.seoul.go.kr) and Seoul City homepage (www.seoul.go.kr), and is also planning to post signs at key locations to continue to inform citizens of changes in locations of stops and other important notices. 
 The level of satisfaction for Seoul City Buses has reached 81.02 points, the highest score ever since Seoul started conducting city bus satisfaction surveys in 2006. According to the results of the 2017 Seoul Bus Satisfaction Survey, city buses scored 81.02 points, village buses scored 79.69 points, and airport buses scored 85.33 points. Seoul has been conducting bus satisfaction surveys twice a year every year (in the first and second half), targeting citizens 15 years of age and older. In 2017, surveys reflected the views of 13,200 city bus users, 8,000 village bus users, 650 airport bus users, for a total number of 21,800 bus users views being taken into account. The survey was conducted in 4 parts, considering comfort, convenience, safety, and reliability. For airport buses, an additional section, management and operating services, was also included as part of the survey. For comprehensive satisfaction, airport buses scored highest with 85.33 points, with city buses scoring 81.02 points and village buses 79.69 points. For satisfaction rate by category, city buses, village buses, and airport buses all received their highest score in the category of comfort, which shows that customers are satisfied with the level of comfort inside and outside the services.  For city and village buses, the order of satisfaction by category from highest to lowest is: Comfort > Convenience > Reliability > Safety For airport buses, satisfaction was ranked highest to lowest in the order of: Comfort > Reliability > Safety > Convenience > Management and Operating ServicesIn addition, areas that require major improvement included preventing slippery floors when it rains, maintaining adequate allocation intervals, improvement of information inside buses, and, for airport buses specifically, improvement of the high fares. All suggestions will be taken into account when seeking to improve these areas by working in close cooperation with transportation companies.
Emmanuel Manny Dapidran Pacquiao, Asian Boxing Legend and a Senator of the Philippines, has become the new Seoul Global Ambassador.Seoul Mayor Park Won-Soon met with first-time visitor to Seoul City Hall Senator Pacquiao on Dec. 26th at 11:55 am, and appointed the senator as a Seoul Global Ambassador.The Seoul Global Ambassadors are a Seoul-friendly global network consisting of influential foreign figures with expertise in their respective fields, who provide the city with policy advice and assist with promoting cooperation between Seoul and cities in other countries. Pacquiao is the second appointment, following Maestro Valery Gergiev from Russia in June 2017. Gergiev is the General Director and Artistic Director of the Mariinsky Theatre and a true leader in the arts and culture world.As a Seoul Global Ambassador, Senator Pacquiao will lead the way in forming friendly relations between the cities of Seoul and the Philippines. In addition, he will help with reinforcing cultural and economic ties and cooperation between the two countries, and seek ways to promote Seoul in the Philippines.Senator Pacquiao grew up in an underprivileged environment and started boxing to earn a living. He entered the world of professional boxing as a flyweight boxer in 1995, and beginning with his 1998 WBC Championship as flyweight, he has set unprecedented boxing records by becoming champion of 8 weight divisions, which led him to be hailed as the Champion of not only the Philippines, but of Asia. Remembering his childhood struggles prior to finding success as a boxer, he has made large annual donations for people living in slums and in poverty, becoming known as the king of donations. He was elected as a senator in the Philippines in 2016 and is currently serving in office as an active politician.  
Seoul City will be extending the last bus times for 89 routes stopping at main points in Seoul for a period of 14 days from Monday December 18, 2017 through Sunday night December 31, 2017 (Jan. 1, 2018).11 locations were selected for high activity of citizen movement until late at night (Seoul station, Jongno-2ga, Myeongdong, Guro, Yeongdeungpo, Yeouido, Sinchon, Hongik University station, Gangnam station, Yeoksam, Konkuk University). Downtown buses are set to be in service until 1:00AM for these points.However, in consideration of travel time from the garage to major locations, the #401 bus is set for service until 1:45AM for Seoul station, and #707 until 2:00AM for Sinchon station.These routes include 3 Seoul Station routes, 12 for Jongno 2-ga, 4 for Myeongdong, 10 for Gangnam, etc. for a total of 89 routes.  Also, due to the Bell Ringing ceremony the #101 and #103 buses and others totaling 15 routes stopping in the greater Jongno area are to have extended service during the event period until 2AM the night of Sunday December 31 (January 1, 2018).
How does it sound to wish for health and hopes in the mountains and parks, while watching the sunrise with your whole family in the new year of 2018? According to the Korea Astronomy and Space Science Institute, the expected time for sunrise on New Years Day in 2018 is 7:47am in Seoul. Seoul City introduces 20 landmark sites where sunrise events will be held, classifying them into:  6 mountains within the city, 11 mountains on the outskirts of Seoul, and 3 parks in the city.In Seouls autonomous districts, folk performances and other performances such as hand writing of family precepts, shouting at the sunrise, the sharing of tteokguk (rice cake soup), and various other programs will signal the start of the new years sunrise events, giving citizens a chance to make wishes for the new year and create precious memories with their families, loved ones, and friends that they will cherish for a long time. Various events, such as drum performances, the releasing of hope balloons, and the writing of good tidings for the new year will be held at 6 mountain locations, including Namsan (Palgakjeong Pavilion) in Jung-gu, Ansan (Beacon Mound) in Seodaemun-gu, Eungbongsan (Palgakjeong Pavilion) in Seongdong-gu, and Baebongsan (Observatory) in Dongdaemun-gu. Sunrise events will be held in 11 venues near Seoul, including Achasan Mountain in Gwangjin-gu, Bonghwasan Mountain in Jungnang-gu, Bukhansan Mountain in Gangbuk-gu, Dobongsan Mountain in Dobong-gu, Bongsan Mountain in Eunpyeong-gu, and Gaehwasan Mountain in Gangseo-gu, among others. For those not wanting to go up a mountain, events will also be held in several large parks, along with a New Years Sunrise Watch. A lion mask dance, large drum performance and other events are scheduled to be held in the presence of 20,000 attendees at the summit of Haneul Park, located at World Cup Park in Mapo-gu. Seoul City requested that citizens check with the district office for the venue they would like to visit via website or telephone before making plans to attend an event on Jan. 1st, since the starting time for the events, which are being held simultaneously at 20 different locations in Seoul, may vary slightly. Moreover, precautions should be taken to prevent hypothermia and frostbite while hiking up a mountain at night in the winter. Guests should wear appropriate clothing and prepare supplies that will help them stay warm, including hand torches, climbing gear, and warm drinks. Also, Seoul City would like to remind people to follow instructions from those in charge and safety agents while on site, in order to prevent any accidents that might occur. 
Seoul City has announced the Seoul 2017 Top-10 News with a positive response from citizens during the year 2017.In the 1st place as the most loved, the Seoul Public Bike Ttareungyi (13,293 votes, 7.4%) reached total cumulative rentals of 6.56 million in just two years after beginning service, gaining a high response from citizens and securing its place as a daily means of transportation.To the extent that Ttareungyi is loved by so many citizens, there will not only be more bicycle rental stations installed, there are also plans to make continuous efforts for bicycle related infrastructure and usage culture including improvement of bicycle paths and safety education.The 2nd place was taken by the School Bathroom Remodeling Project (12,779 votes, 7.1%) to turn dark and smelly school bathrooms into bright and refreshing spaces.As an enterprise where students, teachers, and parents work together with design professionals and planners to upgrade school restrooms into sensible, creative spaces, this project has improved 800 restrooms in elementary, middle, and high schools from its launch in 2015 through this year, achieving a student satisfaction rate of 97%.The 3rd place was taken by the Mapo Oil Tank Culture Park (9,699 votes, 5.4%), the decommissioned petroleum reserve tank facility in Mapo that had been closed off for 41 years and was resurrected as an environmentally friendly culture complex.After its opening on September 1, 2017, diverse culture programs including a village market, bicycle music festival, and a circus concert are held at the Oil Tank Culture Park, which is gaining attention as a unique cultural space that makes use of the design of the oil tanks just as they were.Besides this, policies that remind us of the meaning of the past and connect it to the future have also taken a high ranking, like the Gyeongchun Line (Railroad) Forest (7th place, 4.1%) which became a hot topic after having been dormant for 70 years.Other diverse policies for Seoul selected for the Top-10 News included the 10 Countermeasures for Fine Dust in Seoul (5th, 4.5%), Housing for 2030 Youth in Station Influence Areas (6th, 4.2%), the Expansion of National & Public Daycare Centers(8th, 4.0%), the Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market (9th, 3.7%), and the Opening of Seoul Youth Job Centers (10th, 3.7%).
Seoul Winter Attraction  Skating Rink & Sledding SlopeYeouido Park Ice Skating Rink, Yeoui Ice ParkThe Yeouido Park Ice Skating Rink Yeoui Ice Park comes to us each year at wintertime, and will open once again this year on December 20, 2017. There will be a variety of activities and programs held in the Event Zone, along with an outdoor lounge area totaling 3,300m2 and a food court where you can enjoy warm refreshments.The Christmas Festival will be held from the opening day until December 25, with next years events to include the New Years Festival (January 1, 2018), the Polar Bear Athletics Competition (January 21, 2018), and a proposal event hosted for Valentines Day (February 14, 2018). Every night at 8 the Ice Park Radio will introduce a variety of citizens stories and offer DJ music on-site.Ice skating instruction will also be offered. Group lessons will be held from December 26 through February 2 for 5 days each week, 6 sessions per day, with on-site registration available for December 21 and 22.  Registration for individual instruction can be done at any time.Ttukseom Outdoor Sledding SlopeThe Ttukseom Hangang Park Outdoor Sledding Slope will be open December 16 through February 18.  The Sledding Slope will be divided into two major areas, with the large slope for youth and adults, and a small slope for safe use by children of ages 36 months to 6 years.Also, there will be safety instructions offered via loudspeaker to prevent issues such as collisions when going down the slope, excessive snowball fights among visitors, slipping on icy pathways, and loss of body temperature.The access fee is 6,000 won for children, youth, and adults.  Along with sledding, a variety of fun activities and conveniences can be accessed with just one ticket including a childrens snow playground, hands-on folk games experience, and a lounge area.Other attractions including hands-on ice fishing experience and Pirate Ship/Euro Bungee rides are available for 5,000 won and 3~5,000 won respectively, to be paid separately.Olympic Park Peace Plaza Skating RinkThe Olympic Park Peace Plaza Ice Skating Rink will open starting December 27. The Olympic Ice Skating Rink will be open until February 2, open daily from 9:00AM to 8:30PM. The entrance fee will be 3,000 for every 80 minutes including the rental fee, with a one-day pass for 10,000 won and a week pass (Mon.~Fri.) for 30,000 won.The event program offers daily admission and beginners lessons, with beginners lessons offered 5 times a week for 25,000 won/class, where you can learn first steps to free-skating.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will be opening a winter attraction of Seoul, the skating rink of Seoul Plaza on Dec. 22, 2017, to be opened until Feb. 25, 2018 for 66 days.  Celebrating its 13th anniversary since its first opening in 2004, the Seoul Plaza skating rink will be set up to cover an area of 5,176 in the northern part of Seoul Plaza, for the enjoyment of winter sports for citizens of Seoul and its visitors. The hours of operation are 10:00am to 9:30pm on weekdays (Sunday through Thursday), and 10:00am to 11:00pm over the weekend (Friday and Saturday) and on holidays, with a special extension of open hours for the Christmas holiday (Dec. 24th and 25th) and New Years Eve (Dec. 31) until 12:30am the following morning. The entrance fee of 1,000 won remains the same as the past year for burden-free access to citizens, and entry to the skating rink will be free for foreigners holding the Discover Seoul Pass.  Skate rental fee is included in the entrance fee, and purchase of one ticket provides one hour of skating time as well as free rental of safety helmets and knee pads for the safety of skaters.  Of particular interest, in an effort to support the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Olympics, Seoul City will introduce a part of the Olympic Games by opening the Curling Experience Zone, and provide a variety of programs related to the coming Winter Olympics. The Curling Experience Zone will be open from Feb. 1st through Feb. 14th, 2018 for one hour each day starting at 11:30am on the childrens rink.  A biathlon, stuffed animal shooting gallery, making your own gold medal, demonstration of an Ice Hockey team match, and other events related to the Winter Olympics will be held during different periods including the weekends, the Christmas holiday, and New Years Eve.Seoul Plaza takes into account that the skating rink is an outdoor space located in the middle of downtown, and it will stop operation of the rink for the safety of users should the Comprehensive Air-quality Index (CAI) exceed a certain level, and will inform citizens at least two hours in advance. In case of disruption in service, SMS messages will be sent to students taking lessons and reservation holders, and those who require refunds will be refunded in full.  Visitors wishing to use the next available time slot will be granted access to the skating rink with no additional reservation or ticket purchase necessary.
There is a way to have exciting winter fun without going far, at your nearby Hangang River!Now introducing a place where you can have lots of fun with sledding, ice fishing, and other novel activities while making memories with the whole family!Seoul will be greeting the winter vacation at the nearby Hangang River with its City Outdoor Sledding Slope, opening from December 16, 2017 (Sat.) through February 18, 2018 (Sun.) at the Ttukseom Hangang Park.The sledding slopes have been divided into two main areas that can be enjoyed based on difficulty level and age range, with a larger slope for youth and adults, and two smaller slopes that are safe for children from 36 months to 6 years of age.Visitor safety will also be a top priority, with safety guidance to be provided over loudspeakers regarding caution for slipping when roads are frozen over and for preventing loss of body heat due to prolonged exposure to the cold weather.The entrance fee for the Sledding Slope area is 6,000 won for everyone, children and adults, with access to a variety of fun activities including the childrens snow playground, traditional games experiences, a rest area, and other conveniences all included in one admission ticket. There is a separate fee for the ice fishing experience on the winter lake and the Pirate Ship / Bungee rides, at 5,000 won and 3~5,000 won, respectively.The opening time will be from 9AM to 5PM daily, with possibility of change in the case of safety concerns due to bad weather. Facilities including the Sledding Slope will be closed at 12PM daily for one hour to clear snow from roads and pathways.Citizens visiting the Hangang Park Ttukseom Sledding Slope can find the entrance by the subway Line 7 Ttukseom Resort Station, outside of Exit 2.Contact:Website: https://hangang.seoul.go.kr/Sledding Slope Office: 82-2-444-5358Ttukseom Information Center: 82-2-453-3028
Mayor Won-soon Park made an official visit to Paris, France on December 12, 2017 to attend the One Planet Summit held in Paris, marking the second anniversary of the Paris Agreement.This summit was co-sponsored by the French government, the United Nations, and the World Bank, with Mayor Park attending as the district government representative and president of ICLEI, at the invitation of French president Emmanuel Macron and Paris mayor Anne Hidalgo.To the extent that Seoul has been leading the way in responding to climate change more than any other city in the world, Mayor Park communicated the importance of the role of local governments as an ambassador of climate change response, informing the world of Seouls efforts and achievements.
In his presentation, Mayor Park emphasized that the most important part of responding to climate change is citizen participation, and introduced the Seoul Metropolitan Governments policies for climate change response including the representative One Less Nuclear Power Plant and Seouls Promise policies which are being promoted by the City of Seoul as the core drivers of citizen participation, along with the Promise of Ambitious Cities project for spreading Seouls Promise to Southeast Asian cities.
To accompany this, also being introduced is the new City of the Sun, Seoul project, which was announced in November 2017 with the aim of propagating solar power to the capacity of one nuclear power plant (1GW) via distribution of mini solar packages to 1 million households by 2022.  A new investment model was also introduced where citizens invest and share profits, similar to a citizens fund.
To the extent that Seoul has been leading the way in responding to climate change more than any other city in the world, Mayor Park communicated the importance of the role of local governments as an ambassador of climate change response, informing the world of Seouls efforts and achievements.In his presentation, Mayor Park emphasized that the most important part of responding to climate change is citizen participation, and introduced the Seoul Metropolitan Governments policies for climate change response including the representative One Less Nuclear Power Plant and Seouls Promise policies which are being promoted by the City of Seoul as the core drivers of citizen participation, along with the Promise of Ambitious Cities project for spreading Seouls Promise to Southeast Asian cities.To accompany this, also being introduced is the new City of the Sun, Seoul project, which was announced in November 2017 with the aim of propagating solar power to the capacity of one nuclear power plant (1GW) via distribution of mini solar packages to 1 million households by 2022.  A new investment model was also introduced where citizens invest and share profits, similar to a citizens fund.
BTS, a global Hallyu boy group that has expanded its popularity worldwide including to the Americas and Europe, will sing a song with lyrics that talk about the various charms and appeals of Seoul to introduce the city to the world. The city of Seoul released a song track sung by BTS called WITH SEOUL on December 6th, 2017, announcing it on the Seoul Tourism website (www.visitseoul.net).  Anyone may download the song and watch the music video on YouTube (www.youtube.com/visitseoul) starting from December 13, 2017.With the message that Seoul is a heartwarming city, a city like a friend, a city of excitement in the lyrics, it emphasized how the city can be a special place for anyone. Towards the end of the song the Seoul city brand is also introduced through rap lyrics that say, I can feel you in this city,ISEOULU, You, I, Seoul.
BTS plans to utilize the Seoul song in major events in Korea and overseas, in production of PR video materials, and at international PR booths. The song will also be spread throughout the world by BTS concerts, not only in Korea but around the globe.
With the message that Seoul is a heartwarming city, a city like a friend, a city of excitement in the lyrics, it emphasized how the city can be a special place for anyone. Towards the end of the song the Seoul city brand is also introduced through rap lyrics that say, I can feel you in this city,ISEOULU, You, I, Seoul.BTS plans to utilize the Seoul song in major events in Korea and overseas, in production of PR video materials, and at international PR booths. The song will also be spread throughout the world by BTS concerts, not only in Korea but around the globe.
Dont miss out on this traditional European Christmas Market organized by the Strasbourg Tourist Office in France.2017 Seoul Strasbourg Christmas MarketPeriod: December 15 (Fri.)  December 31 (Sun.), 2017Time: Weekdays 17:00~22:00, Weekends 15:00~21:00 (no colons)Location: The Yeouido Hangang Park Event PlazaMajor Attractions: Food Zone with an array of food trucks, Shopping Zone for handicrafts, Strasbourg Zone to enjoy the gorgeous scenery of Christmas in Europe, and various performances and experiential programs.
What was a day in Seoul like in 2016? Every day an average of 206 babies were born, and 119 people passed away. 157 couples got married, 49 couples divorced, 7,810,000 and 4,280,000 people used the subway and buses, respectively, and an average of 0.95 person died in traffic accidents.As of the end of 2016, the total population of Seoul was 10,204,000, a decrease of 93,081 from the previous year, while the number of registered foreigners was 273,000, accounting for 2.7% of the entire Seoul population. The average age of Seoul citizens was 41.1, a slight increase from 40.6 of the previous year.Meanwhile, the consumer price index rose by 8.1% compared to 5 years ago (2011). Looking at major items, the price of cigarettes saw a significant increase of 80.8%, urban railway fees by 35.0%, and downtown bus fees by 29.5%. In contrast, the cost of gasoline fell by 24.1%, and mackerel and laundry detergent by 23.1% and 22.2%, respectively.The percentages of each transportation type used by an average Seoul citizen in a day (as of the end of 2015) were subway and railroad 39.3%, bus 26.5%, personal car 23.0%, and taxi 6.8%, with the subway Line 2 shown as the most used subway line.Seoul city has published its Seoul Statistical Yearbook 2017, in which the social lifestyles of Seoul during 2016 can be viewed through 342 major statistics in 20 categories including population, economy, housing, education, and transportation.  The report has been disclosed on the Seoul Statistics website.Website: http://stat.seoul.go.kr (Publications  Statistical Yearbook)
Before presenting detailed statistical data, it shows A Day in Seoul in a single page, allowing the statistics of Seoul during 2016 to be easily understood at a glance through simple and concise graphs of 19 different categories including population, labor, electricity, water supplies, consumer prices, and many more.
Website: http://stat.seoul.go.kr (Publications  Statistical Yearbook)Before presenting detailed statistical data, it shows A Day in Seoul in a single page, allowing the statistics of Seoul during 2016 to be easily understood at a glance through simple and concise graphs of 19 different categories including population, labor, electricity, water supplies, consumer prices, and many more.View A Day in Seoul statistics: http://english.seoul.go.kr/get-to-know-us/statistics-of-seoul/a-day-in-seoul/
ISEOULU , the brand of Seoul Metropolitan Government, is holding a flash mob awards ceremony to cheer for the citizens who keep hope while living a hectic life in Seoul. The awards ceremony will start at 2PM on December 8 in the waiting room of Seoul Station. ISEOULU will hold a flash mob event with approximately 80 members of the Korea University Cheerleading Association (KUCA) from 12 universities, where prizes are awarded by citizens to citizens.  The prizewinning works of the storytelling contest for ISEOULU Seoul for Us implicitly express Seoul and the stories of living in Seoul as seen by foreigners, people with disabilities, North Korean defectors, and married immigrant women. The top prize was awarded to Story of Seoul in the Imagination of Us, a video which imaginatively narrates a story hidden within the hectic life of day and night in Seoul. The creator of this work depicts a day in Seoul where tyrannosaurus dinosaurs come to work every morning to drive the elevators in downtown Seoul, the duck pedal-boats on the peaceful Hangang River fight fiercely to secure their positions, and buildings that twinkle every night use the people in them to send signals to one another. This piece won high points both from the panel of expert judges and through an online vote by citizens. With witty imagination, a fundamental character of the storyteller, it expressed the interesting daily life of Seoul. In particular, this contest drew attention due to participation by a number of foreigners, from places including Mexico, Egypt and China. The creator of The Story of Seoul by an Overseas Student from Mexico, who first came to Seoul as a tourist and later as a university student, expressed that he hopes to spend most of his life in Seoul in order to make Seoul a better place for all as he met friendly people in Seoul who reminded him of his home town. Seoul, as seen by foreigners, has grown into a very special city filled with diverse cultures.   Some of the prizewinning works have excellent quality, fit to be used even as a theme song for ISEOULU. Overall, a large number of the works were moving stories based on actual events and moving messages to Seoul. The prizewinning works will be utilized in publicizing the value of  ISEOULU Seoul for Us to citizens.  
Approaching the end of the year, Seoul city is setting up and running two Night Owl Bus routes for a limited time starting from 12:00AM December 8, 2017 (expected to run until 3:30AM January 1, 2018). The routes were selected to provide convenient use of transportation for citizens going home late at night toward the end of the year, based on areas of frequent passenger refusal by taxis, number of passengers for Night Owl buses, and big data analysis of taxi hailing and arrival points.There is a plan to also add two buses per route for the three Night Owl bus routes (N13, N15, N26) running in the major downtown areas to reduce the wait time in between Night Owl buses passing through downtown.The two routes running from 12:00AM December 8, 2017 to 3:30AM January 1, 2018 are numbers N854 (Sadang Station  Konkuk University Station) and N876 (Saejeol Station  Yeouido Station). During that period, they are scheduled to run for 5 days a week (Wed.  Sun.), as well as from 12AM to 3:30AM on December 25, 2017 (Mon.) and January 1, 2018 (Mon.), when a large number of passengers is expected. The two routes were decided based on big data analysis of year-end late night taxi hailing and arrival for the Gangnam and Hongik University station areas which have a high incidence of passenger refusal by taxis, and are expected to be a great help to passengers travelling short distances. Not only will the late night bus intervals be shortened on the main streets with high transportation demand, but the existing Night Owl bus routes and transfers will also be more convenient. The N854 route will pass Gangnam Station, which has high traffic demand the Yeoksam and Nonhyeon areas, which have high taxi arrival overall and the Sadang, Isu, and Konkuk University Stations, which have high rates of taxi passenger refusal. The existing Night Owl routes such as N13, N37, and N61 will also be available for transfer via the N854 bus. The N876 route will include Hongik University Station, which has high traffic demand Eungam-dong, Dangsan, Yeongdeungpo, which have high taxi arrival and also Yeouido Station, which has high rates of taxi passenger refusal. Transfer will also be convenient for the existing Night Owl routes N16, N26, N62, and N65. Of the existing Night Owl routes in service in the downtown area, the number of buses for three routes (N13, N15, and N26) will be increased temporarily for the end of the year.In the downtown area, due to high incidence of taxi passenger refusal around the Seoul Station, Jonggak Station, Jongno 2-3ga, and Dongdaemun, routes which stop often in such areas have been selected for an increase in buses. Also, routes which serve stops where a large number of passengers ride were selected for an increase in the number of buses using the passenger data from the previous year for the year-end Night Owl buses. The temporary extra buses will be deployed between 1 and 2AM, when the extended service for downtown buses has ended. The interval time for the Night Owl bus routes at this time will be shortened by 10 minutes, which is predicted to contribute to relief of year-end late night traffic demand for the downtown area.Starting mid-month, Seoul city also plans to implement an extension of bus service to 1AM for main areas in Seoul, to offer convenience of late night transport for citizens in all areas of Seoul. Service to be provided on December 25 (Mon.) and January 1 (Mon.), 12:00AM  03:00AM due to high passenger expectancyFare: 2,150 won (same as Night Owl bus)
With the beginning of the line 9 subway union strike on November 30, 2017, the city of Seoul has mobilized emergency transport measures including the assignment of reserve city buses and charter buses.  The strike is expected to last for 6 days from November 30.The city plans to position 2 city employees at each of the 25 stations from the start date on November 30 for on-site inspections to confirm normal operations. Step-by-step alternatives were also arranged to mediate any difficulties with normal operations.The subway Line 9 labor strike ended on December 5, 2017.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will host a series of events for citizens centering on the theme of human rights at the Citizens Hall inside the new government office between December 1 and 6, 2017, in celebration of the 69th anniversary of the Declaration of Human Rights on December 10. During the event period (December 1-6), visitors may view any of the 40 short human rights films at Citizens Plaza B on the first basement level inside one of four personal viewing rooms or at Short Human Rights Film Cinema twice a day between 9am and 6pm.On December 5, there will be human rights plays and talk shows. At 4pm, at Basurak Hall on the second basement level of the Citizens Hall, a human rights play will be carried out featuring the voices of 51 human rights activists from 35 countries on 5 continents. On the same day at 7pm, the human rights talk show will be hosted at Taepyeong Hall on the second basement level of the Citizens Hall to discuss the issue of dating violence which is becoming a serious social problem as of late from a human rights perspective. Apply to watch the human rights play or talk show at http://goo.gl/TMXoss.
You can find the Seoul city brand products created through collaboration betweenI  SEOUL  U and talented artists at the Global Art & ConsumerGoods Collaboration Expo 2017.Date: Dec. 5 (Tue)  Dec. 6 (Wed), 2017 from 10:00 to 20:00Location: COEX 3F Hall CAdmission is free if you register in advance on the EXPO website before December 4th!https://form.office.naver.com/Program: Forum on Art Collaboration Strategy, Special Lecture by Murata Chiaki, and more
Advertisements of Seoul will be on display in New York including Times Square, SoHo, Fifth Avenue and other locations between December 18, 2017 and January 14, 2018.The AD image will be shown in three versions: each image features a woman wearing a hanbok superimposed by one of the three major tourist destinations of Seoul that include Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP), Gyeongbokgung Palace and Gwanghwamun Square plus the logo of Seoul at the top. The Seoul AD will be shown on 1,000 digital screens (LinkNYC) and 155 bus stops for an estimated exposure to one million people. This is the second time that Seoul is promoting joint marketing with New York. It has previously pursued joint marketing with New York City for the first time in Asia and the fourth time in the world in 2011.The New York AD will, in turn, be on display in Seoul. For the month of December, the central bus lanes in Seoul and 300 taxi stands in the crowded areas of Gangnam-daero, Seoul Station, Yeouido and other locations will post image ADs of New York containing the words Famous, Original, New York City.Asiana Airlines, a national carrier of Korea, will carry out a promotional event in cooperation with the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) in which discounts will be given to flights to Seoul and New York valid for use until May 2018. Prices for flights to New York will start at 880,000 won and those for Seoul will start at $736 via scanning the QR code on ADs, etc. The flight promotion will be available between December 2017 and January 14, 2018. Visit the website of Visit Seoul or Asiana Airlines and click on the event banner or scan the QR code on the AD with your mobile phone to access the discounted ticket purchase page.  Round trip price tax and fuel surcharges excluded prices subject to change depending on the time of departure
On November 22, 2017, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) announced the Seoul Sustainable Development Goals. The goals embody Seouls direction of development as a sustainable city with 17 major goals and 96 detailed targets.By 2030, Seoul plans to become a city that has a social security system suited for the city to satisfy the basic needs of vulnerable social groups, to make sure that all citizens have access to safe and well-balanced food and receive quality education at a reasonable cost. Another goal is to reduce the concentration of fine dust to 70% of that in 2016 and the generation of greenhouse gases to 40% of that in 2005 to reinforce Seoul as a city that preemptively responds to climate change. The 2030 Seoul Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) will help the Seoul Metropolitan Government to realize the UNs SDGs. It will act as a compass for all future policies on the economy, society and environment in Seoul. The UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs: Sustainable Development Goals) is a set of universal and comprehensive goals for all countries to be implemented between 2016 and 2030 selected through agreement by member states at the September 2015 UN Sustainable Development Summit. The UN SDGs hold special significance for being the first agreement by all member states to set goals for the purpose of sustainable development.  The SDGs seek qualitative development, human-centered fair development, and inclusive development that shares resources and profits beyond the pursuit of growth.  The 2030 Seoul Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) actively accepts the UNs universally-accepted sustainable development goals. It was established as a bottom-up system that fits the needs of Seoul through discussions by citizens, a dedicated taskforce, many meetings with experts, and on- and off-line collection of citizen opinions. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) announced the 2022 Solar City Seoul plan that proposes the distribution of 1 GW (1,000 MW) in photovoltaic energy, which is equivalent to the facility capacity of one nuclear facility, by 2022. 1 GW is eight times more than the current photovoltaic energy generation capacity in Seoul of 131.7 MW.The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to make photovoltaics part of the daily experience in the city including in residential areas such as apartments and houses as well as in urban infrastructure such as public and private buildings and bridges by improving the system and increasing the support budget. The goal is to turn Seoul into a city where photovoltaic facilities can be seen everywhere.The plan involves  distribution of photovoltaic generation to 1 million households (551 MW),  supply of photovoltaic facilities to all public buildings and land where installation is possible (243 MW),  increasing citizen participation,  creating landmarks for 2022 Solar City Seoul,  building a Photovoltaic Special District in urban development areas,  establishing photovoltaic support centers and  promoting the photovoltaics industry.We will first increase the subsidy so that three in one households in Seoul generate their own photovoltaic energy. A total of 1 million households (out of the 3.6 million households in Seoul) will have a Photovoltaic Mini Plant.Newly built public apartments will be required to install a mini photovoltaic facility starting in 2018 and existing apartments will continue to receive an installation subsidy (around 75% of the installation fee). System improvement including development of designs customized for apartment verandas and relaxation of installation regulations will be carried out simultaneously. Solar city landmarks will be constructed in different locations in Seoul to promote photovoltaic energy and turn Seoul into a leading photovoltaic city.Photovoltaics support centers will be established downtown and in five other zones to provide a one-stop after service on consultation, installation and maintenance to citizens, businesses and research institutes via phone.By 2022, with the completion of 2022 Solar City Seoul, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is expected to  provide electricity to 310,000 households (9% of households in Seoul), reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 540,000 tons and  create 30,000 new jobs that has the potential to yield approximately a financial gain of 532.7 billion won.Inquiries: Green Energy Division 02-2133-3556 
The stage 3 section (2.5 kilometers) of the Gyeongchun Line (Railroad) Forest regeneration project, which transforms the disused Gyeongchun Line railway subject to trash dumping and illegal parking into a fan-shaped park, was completed and opened to the public on November 18, 2017.This completes the stage 3 section construction of the 5.6 kilometer-long (Gyeongchun Steel Bridge  border of Seoul and Guri-si, area of 170,627), Gyeongchun Line Forest which the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) had been working on since 2013. Other parts will be completed by the end of 2018 and the Gyeongchun Line Forest will be fully open to the public thereafter. Once all sections are open to the public, people will be able to use the bike path which connects Seoul, Namyangju-si in Gyeonggi-do, and Chuncheon-si in Gangwon-do.The newly opened stage 3 section is situated away from residential areas, allowing users to walk along the railway in the city while enjoying peace and quiet. Registered Cultural Heritage No. 300 Hwarangdae Station (disused) is located nearby as a remodeled exhibition space for narrow-gauge trains and steam locomotives that used to be on display at the Seoul Childrens Grand Park.
On November 12, 2017, Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon attended the Climate Summit of Local and Regional Leaders in Bonn, Germany, and introduced Seouls successful climate change response policies which led to the implementation of similar policies nationwide. The Climate Summit of Local and Regional Leaders is an official accompanied event of the Conference of Parties 23 held between November 6 and 17, 2017, hosted by the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC). It was a great opportunity for cities to share their experience on climate change response through case presentations and discussions carried on by and between world cities, local governments and international organizations. Seoul Mayor Park participated as the Chairman of the International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives (ICLEI), an international cooperation organization in the climate and environment sector participated by 1,174 cities and local governments worldwide and presented the theme for the fourth session (Theme: Raising the climate change response goal through joint action by all government organizations).At the fourth session conducted under the theme of Raising the Climate Change Response Goal through Joint Action by All Government Organizations, Seoul Mayor Park emphasized Citizen participation in order for policies to succeed, and introduced the One Less Nuclear Power Plant Initiative and Seouls Promise to introduce successful climate change response policies of Seoul.In his congratulatory speech, Mayor Park said, In order to faithfully carry out the Paris Agreement, we must concentrate our efforts in the energy sector, which accounts for roughly two-thirds of our greenhouse gas emissions, and added, The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to transition from an energy-consuming city into an energy-producing city and expand and develop its energy policies by shifting its focus from the efficient use of energy and energy saving to renewable energy production. 
On November 8, 2017, Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon participated in the opening ceremony of the Seoul-India Economic Exchange Center in Delhi, India. This was the first time that the Mayor of Seoul made an official visit to Southwest Asia. Mayor Park said that the City of Seoul will act as the bridge that supports the market entry and investment attraction in India of promising Korean startups and small- and medium-sized businesses in cooperation with the Center. The Seoul-India Economic Exchange Center is a platform that helps Korean and Indian startup companies enter each others countries. Since the signing of the Comprehensive Economic Partnership Agreement in 2010 many Korean conglomerates have moved into India and established local corporations in various parts of the country while small- and medium-sized businesses and startups were not given as much opportunity to do so. Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon, in his congratulatory speech at the opening ceremony said, Now startups and small- and medium-sized businesses will also be given an opportunity to do business in India. Following the opening of a platform organization in India to support the market entry of Korean startups in India and that of Indian startups in Korea, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will take various follow-up measures in cooperation with the economic exchange center.The Seoul Metropolitan Government had earlier designated India as one of its new target investment countries and organized an investment consulting event between the Indian economic mission and enterprises in Seoul, Korea in September 2016 in order to lay the foundation for Korean small- and medium-sized businesses and startup companies entering the Indian market. Seoul Mayor Park also hosted the Seoul-India Friendship Festival at the Gurgaon Cyber Hub Arena in the city of Gurugram in Haryana State, India between November 8 and 9 to meet with the people of India. It was the first time Seouls culture, tourism and city brand were introduced in India, an unexplored exchange area for Korea. Mayor Park made a surprise appearance on stage of the Nanta performance and performed with the crew.
On November 9, 2017, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) hosted its first investment promotion conference at the Taj Mahal in Delhi, the center of the newly rising economic powerhouse of India. Over 50 small- and medium-sized Indian companies and investment firms were invited to the event. 10 promising Korean start-up companies selected through fierce competition at a ten-in-one ratio accompanied Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon during his tour of Southwest Asia to attract investment from the invited Indian companies. At the investment promotion conference, the 10 start-up companies promoted their business through individual presentations and one-on-one meetings (B2B consultations) with Indian enterprises. Participating companies were also given time to sign business agreements among themselves at the event, which is expected to bring about tangible investment attractions. Participating companies signed business agreements on investment of capital, technology exchanges and strategic partnerships based on the results of their one-on-one meetings and prior information exchange. Meanwhile, Seoul Mayor Park also introduced outstanding policies of Seoul in the Smart City category and discussed the possibility of exporting Seouls policies to India and specific ways of engaging in cooperation with the Indian government. 
Mayor Park Won-soon is making an official visit to Colombo, Sri Lanka, Delhi, India, and Bonn, Germany from November 5 to 14, 2017. Of particular note, he will be the first Seoul Mayor to visit Southwest Asia.Mayor Park plans to visit India, an emerging economic giant, and Sri Lanka who has great potential for economic growth in order to establish a bridgehead for cooperation with Southwest Asia with which Korea has yet formed urban diplomatic relations. As President Moon Jae-ins ASEAN envoy, Mayor Park visited three Southeast Asian countries (Philippines, Indonesia, Vietnam) earlier this year in May, and now this particular visit to Southwest Asia is expected to serve as a stepping stone to more diverse urban diplomacy for the City of Seoul.At the first city, Colombo, Sri Lanka, where 2017 CityNet Colombo Congress is being held, Mayor Park will emphasize the importance of strengthening the cooperative relationship among cities in the Asia-Pacific region for sustainable development.As the President of CityNet, Mayor Park will deliver the keynote speech during the opening ceremony, give a presentation during the general session (panel discussion), and participate in the mayors forum to highlight the necessity of joint cooperation for sustainable development and prosperity of the cities. Furthermore, he will announce the CityNet Colombo Declaration sharing with the world experiences and know-how and stressing the significance of cooperation. Mayor Park will also run for another 4-year presidency until 2021.Mayor Parks visit to India will be focused on economic exchanges. He will attend the opening ceremony of the Seoul-India Economic Exchange Center which will serve as a platform that connects start-ups in Korea and the Indian market. The first ever Seoul investment promotion seminar will also be held in India to attract many investors on site.In Bonn, Germany, Mayor Park will attend the Climate Summit for Local Leaders which is an official event for the 23rd session of the Conference of the Parties (COP 23) to the UN Convention. As the president of ICLEI, the largest international council of local and subnational government bodies committed to environmental initiatives consisting of 1,174 member cities, Mayor Park will promote various activities for sustainability worldwide.He will present exemplary cases of Seouls climate change responses during the Climate Summit for Local Leaders and chair an ICLEI executive committee. Mayor Park will also attend the 3rd general assembly of the Global Lead City Network (GLNC).Mayor Park stated that, Seoul will expand the inter-city cooperative exchanges with major cities in Southwest Asia including India and Sri Lanka that have great potential for economic growth, and promote practical urban diplomacy that aims to solve problems faced by all cities around the world. He added, As a city committed to uphold the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement, Seoul has completed the One Less Nuclear Power Plant initiative and is creating leading models for other cities to share our commitment to climate change response, putting our utmost effort to strengthen the global cooperative network.  
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) conducted a vote between September 27 and October 23, 2017 to rank the popularity of 20 New Creations in Seoul. The voting was a success with nearly 60,000 voters casting their votes.First place went to Deoksugung Stone Wall Path (10,843 votes) which opened to the public in an expanded capacity for the first time in 60 years in the summer of 2017. Second place went to the Oil Tank Culture Park (9,182 votes) which was transformed from a top security facility with restricted access into an environment-friendly urban regeneration & culture complex, and third place went to the Sewoon Shopping Center (9,133 votes) which at one time was the center of the electronics business and reborn into the mecca of the creative manufacturing industry. Fourth place went to Seoullo 7017 (6,444 votes), a roadway transformed into a walking path earlier this year in May.Between September 7 and 25, 2017, a photo contest was conducted on the theme of 20 New Creations in Seoul. 217 citizens submitted 894 works over the 19 day period and 22  works (1 first prize, 4 second prizes, 7 third prizes, and 9 participation prizes) were selected for awards following screening by experts. First prize went to a photo that captures the view of the sky from Oil Tank Culture Park T6.  The 22 winning works will be on display at the 2F of Oil Tank Culture Park T6 between October 29 and November 19 and at B1 of Citizens Hall between November 22 and December 7.View the 20 New Creations in Seoul : http://english.seoul.go.kr/20-new-spots-built-seoul-fall-2017/?cp=2&cat=29
On November 1, 2017, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) launched the Pyeongchang Special Edition of the Discover Seoul Pass that is eligible for discounts of up to 50% at 95 large resorts and tourist attractions in the Gangwon area. 5,000 cards will be made available for sale and can be used from the release date until March 31, 2018. Discover Seoul Pass is a tourist pass for foreigners that provides free admission at 21 tourist attractions in Seoul and discount benefits at 13 performance events and duty free shops. It also has a transportation card function which becomes activated after recharging the card. In addition to the current Seoul Pass benefits, 61 discount benefits have been added including benefits at 10 large resorts in the Gangwon area including Alpensia, High 1 and Phoenix Hotels & Resorts, as well as at leading tourist attractions including Daegwallyeong Sheep Ranch and Jeongseon Railbike. The pass also provides discounts for rental car services, shuttle buses and cruise ships. Seoul Pass holders will be given incentives in connection with lodging sharing sites.New benefits in the Seoul area were also added including free admission to the Seoul Plaza Skating Rink during the winter season and discount at the Paradise Walker Hill Casino (Gwangjin-gu), Marigold Hotel (Mapo-gu). The price is the same as the previous Seoul Pass. 39,900 won for 24 hours and 55,000 won for 48 hours.The pass is available for purchase starting on November 1, 2017 at 25 off-line venues including the CU Convenience Store inside the Incheon International Airport, the Myeongdong Tourist Information Center and 12 on-line sites including One More Trip (www.onemoretrip.net)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced that it will be hosting a festival to celebrate the 2nd anniversary of Seoul Brand ISEOULU from 11am to 5pm on October 29 at the Oil Tank Culture Park located in Mapo-gu.ISEOULU was selected as the new brand of Seoul by over 200,000 citizens in 2015. In May 2016, the Seoul Metropolitan Government officially launched the brand as the official symbol (brand) of Seoul through the announcement of the Partially Revised Ordinance Bill on the Symbols of Seoul City Ordinance. The brand has been well-loved by people since. The festival was organized with the purpose of encouraging both Koreans and foreigners to experience the brand in order to expand upon its scope of use and improve familiarity of the brand in daily life in celebration of the 2nd anniversary of the ISEOULU brand which encompasses Seouls core values of Coexistence, Passion, and Composure. The ISEOULU 2nd anniversary festival will consist of three main events of IMarketU, IBuskingU and IConcert U and seven experience-based programs.IMarket U is a space that creates and sells artist-collaborated products (creative works) using the ISEOULU brand. Check out various original works and make your own products. IBuskingU hosts performances by indie bands that visitors can listen to while relaxing and enjoying the autumn weather. Other noteworthy events are set to include a fashion show by artists who participated in I Market U utilizing ISEOULU.IConcertU features performances in various genres to encourage the participation of young people in the festival. The Seoul Metropolitan Government Global Ambassadors KARD, No Brain, Mad Clown, and SEENROOT will perform their songs for Seoul citizens and foreign tourists.The festival will also feature seven experience-based programs focusing on Seoul brands three core values of Coexistence, Passion and Composure and those who participated in all programs will receive collaborated products with the ISEOULU brand. Schedule and cast are subject to change.
On October 31, 2017, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will host the 2017 Job Fair for Foreign Residents from 10am until 5pm at COEX Hall D1 to provide foreigners with an opportunity to find employment at domestic companies and offer domestic companies a chance to hire a foreign work force and move one step closer to advance into the overseas market.This year marks the fourth anniversary of the Job Fair for Foreign Residents. 49 companies and 2,082 job seekers participated in the 2015 job fair and 50 of them found employment. As for the 2016 job fair, 63 companies and 2,120 job seekers took part, with 65 people succeeding in landing a job.60 domestic companies will attend this years job fair including those that are aiming at advancing into overseas markets, large- and medium-sized companies that are expanding their foreign customer services inside Korea such as Woori Bank and Webzen as well as promising small- and medium-sized companies.Job seekers may receive information on each participating company and engage in a one-on-one interview at recruitment booths. HR managers of participating companies can use the interview management system to systematically manage everything from confirmation of the interview schedule to completion of hiring. Other services offered at the job fair include Vocational Aptitude Test (Kookmin University), Interview Clinic (Dongguk University), Resume Clinic (Chung-Ang University), Makeup and Image Consulting and Resume Photo Service.All foreigners seeking employment can register and request interviews (interviews are conducted on a first-come-first-served basis) through the job fair website (www.seouljobfair.com) until October 27, 2017. On-site registration on the day of the fair is also possible. If you wish to register on-site, please bring your resume and letter of self-introduction to participate in job interviews.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will allow public access to three underground spaces that remained secret to the public until now. They are the Yeouido Underground Bunker, Gyeonghuigung Palace Air-raid Shelter and the Ghost Station in Sinseol-dong.The Yeouido Underground Bunker was built in the 1970s and is suspected to have been used as a secret haven by the bodyguards of the president. It carries significance as a historic space from the cold war era. After undergoing precision inspection and safety measures, it will open to the public on October 19, 2017 as an exhibition space.The underground bunker is situated in an area of 871 as still resembles the original contours. The room that is suspected to have been used by the president includes a restroom and shower room. A sofa was restored to look as close to the original as possible so that visitors can sit on it while the toilet in the restroom has been left untouched. Other areas of the bunker has artwork installed and are also used to display exhibitions. The bunker will be open between 10am and 6pm from Tuesday to Sunday (Closed on Mondays and January 1st) with free admission.The Gyeonghuigung Palace Air-raid Shelter was equipped with a communication facility to prepare for air raids during the later years of Japanese colonial rule. The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) has installed lighting and sound equipment to reenact the feeling as an air-raid facility during wartime. Footage of bombers and anti-aircraft control is visualized in 3D imagery on the ceiling of the first floor. Real-time photo mosaic media art was reenacted using 20,000 related-images. The second floor stairs is designed in a way that allows visitors to view the entire shelter.The Ghost Station at Sinseol-dong was built in 1974 when subway line 1 was created but later became an unused station as the route was readjusted. Civilian access was prohibited over the last 43 years and no map listed the Ghost Station, hence the name Ghost Station. It is a rare station that retains the structure and appearance of a station built in the 1970s and has made an appearance in the music video of EXO and the film Cold Eyes. This is the first time it has been open to the public. Gyeonghuigung Palace Air-raid Shelter and the Ghost Station in Sinseol-dong will start operation for 20 visitors per session through advanced reservation from October 21 to November 26 on weekends between 12pm and 4pm, four times a day. A mid-to-long term plan will be established next year.2pm on October 19 (Thu) 6pm on November 22 (Wed), 2017 Apply at the website of  Seoul Museum of History (http://www.museum.seoul.kr) Contact : 82-2-724-02742pm on October 19 (Thu)  6pm on November 22 (Wed), 2017 Apply at the website of SMG (http://safe.seoul.go.kr/archives/52552?tr_code=sweb) Contact: 82-2-2133-8024, 8022, 8149, 8040 Apply for up to four tickets per person (no duplicate applications allowed) tickets offered on a first-come-first-served basis Four times a day (12:00pm~4:00pm), 20 visitors per session
The Seoullo 7017 Tasting Tour Seoul a food walking tour product to visit delicious restaurants and historic places near the Seoullo 7017 area, to be commenced from October 19, 2017.The Tasting Tour is a guided walking food tour visiting various restaurants over the course of 3-4 hours allowing tourists to taste delicious food.The Seoullo 7017 Tasting Tour Seoul offered at this time is an experience-oriented tourism product that consists of three courses: Namdaemun & Myeongdong Course, Jungnim-dong Course, Seoul City Hall & Gwanghwamun Course.Among international tourists, 44.5% show high interest in Korean food culture and visit Korea to experience dinning (according to a survey on foreign tourists in 2016).The most representative product of the Seoullo 7017 Tasting Tour Seoul is the Namdaemun & Myeongdong Course, touring Namdaemun Market, Bukchang-dong, and Myeongdong. Tourists taste famous dishes of markets, such as Namdaemun Markets noodle soup (kalguksu) and Namdaemun alleys braised cutlassfish (galchi-jorim). They will also visit Korean restaurants in Bukchang-dong and China Town in Myeongdong while enjoying interesting stories related to the modern history of Seoul along the way.
Take a walk in the city with family, friends and lover while enjoying the beautiful fall foliage. The Korea Meteorological Administration predicted that the fall foliage will reach its peak on October 30 at Bukhansan Mountain and early November for other areas around the city. Here is our list of 109 Scenic Fall Foliage Paths in Seoul which stretches across 184.62 kilometers.The 109 fall foliage paths are divided into the four themes of  Fall Foliage along the Water, Fall Foliage for Outings,  Fall Foliage at Parks and  Fall Foliage on Walking Paths.Check out the 109 Fall Foliage Paths in Seoul on the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) website (http://www.seoul.go.kr/story/autumn).Between October 23 and mid-November, the fallen leaves will not be swept at the 109 locations, so that citizens can enjoy the unique experience of walking while stepping on the fallen leaves.Great for leisurely walks minus the cars, these paths offer an uninterrupted view of water and fall foliage. Most of the paths lie upon top of a bank path by a stream.These paths are ideal for visiting with family, lover, or friends because they are conveniently located near restaurants, shopping districts and other attractions.If you want to see fall foliage on a grander scale, try large parks in the city such as Namsan, Ttukseom Seoul Forest and Songpanaru Park. The Olympic Park in Songpa-gu is over 20 years old has attributing to its many tall trees and the World Cup Park in Sangam-dong is famous for the well-known Haneul Park.Mountains and walking paths in Seoul including Gwanaksan and Bukhansan mountains were selected as locations where people can hike to enjoy the fresh air and fall foliage. Gwanaksan Mountain is one of the places to first display fall foliage in Seoul featuring a famous walking path by the entrance of Gwanaksan Mountain (2) by the front gate of Seoul National University. Walkerhill-ro at Gwangjin-gu (Achasan Ecology Park-Walkerhill Hotel) has a wooden deck for seniors and the disabled for easy access.  There are also many fall foliage paths on the hike to the summit of Bukhansan Mountain. Noteworthy among them are 4.19-gil and Insubong-gil in Gangbuk-gu and Jinheung-ro in Eunpyeong-gu.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Seoul Facilities Corporation will hold the 2nd Seoul Underground Shopping Center Open Market at Cheonggye Plaza for two days from Oct. 21 (Sat) to 22 (Sun), 2017 in order to revitalize underground shopping centers in Seoul and offer more various things for citizens to enjoy and see. The Seoul Underground Shopping Center Open Market is a cultural festival-type open market where merchants of underground shopping centers in Seoul come up to the ground level to meet citizens. It is the second such event since June 2017.The Seoul Facilities Corporation hosts this open market event in order to provide new sales space for merchants of underground shopping centers and to give citizens an opportunity to shop for various products in one place.Some 30 stores from 13 underground shopping centers will sell clothes, fashion accessories, interior decoration items and handmade products during the open market. Various cultural events will be held for citizens as well. Programs of pantomime, busking and B-boying appealing to various age ranges will be held 3 times a day, and various promotional events such as the nostalgic Whack-A-Mole Game and caricature experience will be offered as wellThe event will be operated flexibly each day of the week. The event will be held from 2pm to 8pm on October 21 (Sat) while from 11 am to 6pm on October 22 (Sun). 
"Tell us about your experience in Seoul!In celebration of the 2nd anniversary (October 28) of the I Seoul U brand (), created and led by citizens, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will host the Storytelling Contest of Seoul Story by [ ] and [ ].I Seoul U () represents the philosophy that Seoul exists between you and I and that it also embraces both the eastern and western worlds. It is a brand created and developed by the citizens of Seoul in the hopes to seek a life of coexistence and comfort in a passionate city. When the brand was developed in 2015, thanks to the participation of over 230,000 citizens, the brand was fostered into a leading citizens brand within two years of declaring the birth of the brand. The brand has raised its reliability and brand image by winning prestigious brand design awards including the Reddot Design and if Design in Germany and Good Design of the United States.The subject of the contest is I Seoul U () Seoul for Us. Express the story of people living in Seoul in prose, video or poster format. Anyone who wishes to coexist with others and loves Seoul can apply. The contest will be introduced through Seoul in Your Palm and submissions will be received on the contest website of the Idea Sharing Center (www.ideananumso.com/iseoulu). Submissions will be accepted between October 21 and November 20. Categories include prose, video and poster. The I Seoul U () manuscript paper will be offered on-line to inspire people to express their writings.A total prize pool of 20 million KRW will be given to 40 works through judging by experts and on-line citizen voting. The awards ceremony will be held at the indoor plaza of Seoul Station where many diverse people coexist and the air is relaxed and composed. This years storytelling contest for I Seoul U () Seoul for Us will be the first citizen-participated event ever. 100 members of cheering squads from universities located in Seoul will present the awards to citizens in flash mob form. 				 Subject to change."
Autumn is now upon us. Enjoy autumn at Namsan Mountain in the heart of Seoul during the peak foliage season from October to November. Discover Namsan Mountain covered with beautiful autumn leaves and take part in various events!The Namsan Autumn Foliage Concert at Noon will take place at the three-way intersection in front of Jangchung Gymnasium on the north circuit road of Namsan Park during the lunch hour (11am to 1pm) from October 18 (Wed) to 20 (Fri). The Autumn Foliage Concert offers healing to the daily life of citizens who take a walk on Namsan Mountain and nearby office workers at midday on weekdays. Along with small-scale musical performances of gugak (Korean traditional music) and classical music, diverse experience-based programs will be provided for visitors. All programs are free of charge and accessible on the spot. Celebrating its third anniversary in 2017, the Namsan Trail Walking Festival will be held along the entire section of the 7.5km-long trail for 3 days from November 2 (Thu) to 4 (Sat). The festival provides people with an opportunity to encounter the real Namsan Mountain by walking slowly along the Namsan Trail. This event will be a great occasion in which citizens can discover the true characteristics of Namsan Forest, not only as Seouls representative tourist attraction or a dating destination. While walking along the Trail colored by beautiful autumn leaves, visitors can freely participate in a variety of experience-based programs prepared at each point at no cost. In addition, separate programs created through expanding and reinterpreted existing programs related to Namsan Park such as The Healing Forest, and Kids Caf in the Forest will in operation.
"	The Healing Forest is a program that takes place in the healing forest of pine trees on Namsan Mountain which is well-loved by citizens since its opening in June 2017. It is composed of Pine Cone Acupressure Road, Drinking a Healing Tea, Healing Aroma Massage, and more."
"	The Kids Caf in the Forest aims to realize a kids caf where children can play freely by utilizing the Hannam Childrens Forest Experience Ground actively, together with childcare experts."
The Mapo Oil Depot, which has maintained limited public access for the past 41 years, has been converted into Oil Tank Culture Park and opened to the public on September 1, 2017. On October 14, 2017, a festival will be held to celebrate the opening of the Oil Tank Culture Park featuring participatory community play space, performances, exhibitions, markets and other programs.The festival will be a citizen-led occasion carried out by a governance committee consisting of experts in the private sector who actively participate in the operation of the Oil Tank Culture Park, and citizens who participate in programs between October 14 (Saturday) and 15 (Sunday), 2017. At Culture Plaza, enjoy performances including a classical concert by Seoul Pops Orchestra and circus involving poles and tightrope walking. Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market and Dalsijang will sell food and handmade products, while other citizen-participatory programs will be held throughout the Oil Tank Culture Park.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has come up with guidelines to minimize the traffic congestion in the festival area and help visitors safely attend the 2017 Seoul International Fireworks Festival on September 30 (Sat).The roads on Yeouidong-ro (South of Mapodaegyo Bridge  In front of 63 Building) will be controlled between 2pm and 9:30pm on the 30th (Sat). ( Festival Period: 1pm  9:30pm) The entryway to Olympic-daero, Nodeul-gil and 63 Building will also be controlled flexibly depending on the traffic conditions.As such, the 20 bus routes that pass through Yeouidong-ro will take a detour between 1pm and 9:30pm and the four bus stops that are inside the control area will not be available for use. To prepare for a concentrated volume of public transportation users, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will increase the number of subway Line 5 & 9 operations by 92 times between 4pm and 11:30pm. Additionally, there will be 11 spare trains on standby in case of an emergency situation. Buses will be concentrated one hour before and after the event time at stops near the venue. On the day of the festival, 247 safety guards, five times more than usual, will be placed at 18 stations near the event venue such as Yeouido Station and Yeouinaru Station.They will be in charge of platform safety doors, escalator safety, traffic control at platforms, entrances, exits and staircases, instructions on how to use single use transportation cards, how to walk to the event venue, etc. To prepare for passengers coming in all at once in large volume, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will also install temporary ticket booths selling transportation cards and sell tickets at convenience stores. We will also install restrooms outside the stations.Avoid using the roads and subway stations near the event venue on the day of the festival between 3pm and 7pm and then again between 8pm and 10pm. If you plan on using a single use transportation card, we recommend that you purchase a return ticket in advance.Yeouinaru Station (Line 5), which will be accessed by the largest number of visitors, may be closed or passed through with stopping depending on the traffic volume.Check the controlled areas and temporarily changed traffic information on the website of Seoul Traffic Information Center TOPIS (http://topis.seoul.go.kr).
On September 29, 2017, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will host the 16th Seoul International Business Advisory Council (SIBAC) at Four Seasons Hotel Seoul under the theme of Seouls Response Strategy to the 4th Industrial Revolution. SIBAC is an advisory council to the Seoul Mayor that was established in 2001 and consists of 27 CEOS of global companies such as McKinsey & Company, Nomura Holdings, Forbes, Siemens and five consultants. 15 annual meetings have been convened so far. 322 advisories have been made to the Seoul Mayor in the areas of economy, society, city, infrastructure, culture and environment and 271 of them, accounting for 84%, have been reflected in the administrative affairs of the city.The 16th annual meeting for the SIBAC will be carried out in three sessions:  Combining talents, technology and leadership,  Innovation and cooperation: Tasks for local governments,  Fourth Industrial Revolution and cases in world cities. 13 advisory panels and five consultants will attend the meeting.  Speakers for the first session, Combining Talents, Technologies and Leadership, will be Global Managing Partner Dominic Barton of McKinsey & Company, Chairman Peter Zec of the Red Dot Design Award, Chairman Rudolph Schlais of ASL Management Consulting Company (Shanghai), and Chairman Yan Lan of Lazard China. The second session will seek for ways to enhance Seouls competitive power focusing on the theme of Innovation and Cooperation: Tasks for Local Governments. The sessions will be attended by Chairman of the Board of Directors Nobuyuki Koga of Nomura Holdings, Vice Chairman Roland Busch of Siemens, BOD Member Sanjeev Gandhi of BASF, CEO Akihiro Nikkaku of Toray Industries, Chairman and CEO Marco Provera of Pirelli. Finally, the third session will discuss the direction that Seoul City should pursue under the theme of the Fourth Industrial Revolution and cases in world cities. CEO Bernard Charles of Dassault Systmes, Vice Chairman Christopher Forbes of Forbes, CEO Masakazu Tokura of Sumitomo Corporation, President of Operations Andr Wyss of Novartis and Chairman Antoine Frrot of Veolia will share outstanding cases of Fourth Industrial Revolution in their cities and also talks about international trends regarding the topic.
On September 30, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will carry out the Fireworks Clean Hangang River campaign led and participated in by citizens during the 2017 Seoul International Fireworks Festival at Yeouido Hangang Park in order to reduce trash dumping. To heighten interest and participation in the campaign, Meokkaebi, a friendly trash-eating monster, will be a part of a fun, cute event for citizens.It has been pointed out in the past that Hangang Park suffers from dumping of trash after the brilliant fireworks display. It costs 150 million won to handle the trash that is dumped over this one single day. Feeling the need to encourage citizens to actively partake in the proper disposal of trash, the SMG decided to follow up on the Mongttang Clean Hangang River campaign it had successfully carried out last summer through the Fireworks Clean Hangang River campaign in order to promote Seoul as a clean and pleasant city to live in. The Fireworks Clean Hangang River campaign seeks to create an effect in which people think of throwing away trash as a fun experience by incorporating Meokkaebiz, a group of trash-eating monsters. It is a beneficial movement that instills the idea in people that they are the agents of creating a pleasant environment to live in. The most interesting part of the campaign is the character of Meokkaebi. This trash-eating monster will promote curiosity and interest so that citizens will throw away their trash inside the monster-shaped trash cans.Trash cans designed after the monsters will be placed throughout Yeouido Hangang Park. Each monster will only accept certain kinds of trash: one will accept cans, another will accept leaflets and yet another will only accept disposable containers to add fun to the act of throwing away trash.Gifts such as a Meokkaebi trash bag, pouch, eco bag and chocolate will be handed out to citizens who participate in the trash disposal event. Various activities will be held including Meokkaebi face painting and photo taking with family, lover or fellow citizens at the photo zone and uploading them on Facebook or Instagram. Trash disposal after festivals is a big problem in Japan as well. A broadcasting company in Japan showed keen interest in the Mongttang Clean Hangang River campaign. It was introduced as a successful event that received positive feedback from citizens through utilization of monster characters that eat trash. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will implement Five Chuseok Plans between September 27 and October 10, 2017 so that citizens can enjoy a safe, comfortable traditional holiday. One, implement a special inspection and carry out preventative measures to check road facilities, construction sites, and fire-prone areas to prevent accidents before the start of Chuseok. Have an emergency duty lineup ready to prepare for any unexpected natural disasters such as heavy rain. Station rescue teams on standby at major subway stations, terminals and cemeteries.  Two, increase the number of Express bus / intercity bus operations by 20%, and capacity by 51% (compared to a regular day) to carry 130,000 travelers daily on average. Also, provide advanced and real-time traffic information through various media to promote travel convenience and establish traffic order through controlling illegal parking or refusal to accept customers by taxis. ( Check road traffic in real-time: Website for checking Seouls traffic conditions: http://topis.seoul.go.kr/ )During nighttime, 9 owl bus lines (11:40pm ~ 5:00am) and 2,580 night taxis (9:00pm~9:00am) will be in operation. The SMG will not, however, extend the last bus hours for public transportation. Three, 170 emergency medical institutions and 200 pharmacies will be opened during the holiday to prepare for emergency situations. National Emergency Medical Center website: http://www.e-gen.or.kr/egen/main.do
"	 Pharmacy 114 website: http://www.pharm114.or.kr/ Description: Information on transportation, medical services, living and cultural activities Transportation: Inquiries on hours of operation of trains and buses at train stations and terminals Emergency: Inquiries on emergency centers and pharmacies, reporting illegal parking or dumping trash Culture: Inquiries on Chuseok events in Seoul and other autonomous districts, operation status of cultural facilities, etc. Living: Trash disposal schedule, administrative affairs of cities and districts"
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) has discovered and introduced old shops in Seoul that contain the sentiments and narratives unique to Seoul. Selected shops are either over 30 years old, inherited over two or more generations or shops that are operated by those designated as intangible cultural heritage (or holder of the skill). The SMG disclosed a list with 39 old stores in Jongno and Euljiro with excellent accessibility to nearby tourist attractions. The list consists of stores in diverse categories with a focus on traditional shops including teahouses, ancient art galleries, rice cake shops, stamp shops, clock shops, handicraft stores, record store, oriental medicine store, sweets shops, small restaurants, Buddhist supply store and workshops. Restaurants were excluded as they have already received plenty of media attention.The SMG hopes to promote the value of old things and the unique charm of old shops in a modern city to domestic and foreign tourists to provide them with a very special experience in Seoul.Old Shops Recommended by the SMG  
The Seoul Street Arts Festival will be held between October 5 and 8, 2017 at Seoul Plaza and Sejong-daero during the national Chuseok holiday. For this years festival, 47 works from Korea, England, Spain, Argentina, etc. will perform a total of 145 street performances and citizens will be able to participate in a variety of special programs.The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) also prepared performances under this years theme of Merry Consolation for young people, head of households and neglected neighbors to enjoy.Inquiries: Website www.festivalseoul.or.krContact 82-2-3290-7090 Festival OverviewPlazas (Seoul Plaza,    Cheonggye Plaza, Gwanghwamun Square)
Seoullo 7017 will open a large media canvas to display media artworks by famous artists. People can propose to their lover on the screen as well. The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will install a 29m long, 7.7m tall Seoullo Media Canvas on the wall of Jungnim-dong branch Woori Bank in front of Malli-dong Plaza and display various media artworks starting on September 21, 2017. The hours of operation is from 6pm to 11pm on weekdays and 5pm to 11pm on weekends. Screening of media artworks and citizens media artworks and citizen participation events will be displayed at a ratio of 6 to 4. What differentiates the media canvas from existing media facades is that it allows for bi-directional communication through real-time participation of citizens. When citizens apply through the smartphone app, they can propose to lovers through image, photo or text and display the photos they have taken on the large screen at Seoullo 7017.The SMG will also release an app called Seoullo Media Canvas as a means to encourage real-time citizen participation on September 21, 2017. Search for Seoullo Canvas (or Seoullo Media Canvas) at the App Store (iPhone) or Play Store (Android) to download.Location and aerial view of `Seoullo Media Canvas`
The Dasi (Again) Sewoon Project transformed the old Sewoon Shopping Center which was once the mecca of Koreas electronics industry into a hub of the fourth industrialization through urban regeneration. Three and a half years have gone by since implementing the project in 2014. The Jongmyo-Sewoon Shopping Center-Daerim Shopping Center section has been completed and will open to the public on September 19, 2017. The Dasi (Again) Sewoon Project focused on  Pedestrian Regeneration,  Industrial Regeneration, and  Community Regeneration to implement a successful regeneration that also operates programs that activate the industry and the local community.The three-story overhead pedestrian bridge between Sewoon Shopping Center and Daerim Shopping Center, which was dismantled in 2005 during the Cheonggyecheon Stream restoration, will be resurrected after 12 years with the name Again Sewoon Pedestrian Bridge (total extension of 58m).On the eight floor rooftop of Sewoon Shopping Center, the Seoul Roof will open to become a new observatory and shelter that provides a great panoramic view of the metropolitan area featuring Namsan Mountain and Jongmyo Shrine.Sewoon Shopping Center and Daerim Shopping Center will be flanked on both sides by a walking deck 500 meters long and three-stories tall. The deck will be connected to the ground floor through escalators, elevators and stairs and lead to Cheonggyecheon Stream and other places. The three-dimensional pedestrian network is one of the key elements of the Dasi (Again) Sewoon Project, which is expected to lead an inflow of tourists and activate the local economy.The Greenway Park in front of Sewoon Shopping Center is now a comprehensive culture space called Again Sewoon Square where various events can be held. A multipurpose hall and cultural property exhibition hall is formed in the basement of the square. The Sampung Shopping CenterJinyang Shopping CenterNambusunhwan-ro section has designated an international design contest winner in June 2017 and is currently in the process of creating a basic design and practical design. Construction is set to begin next year with the aim for completion by 2020. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) recommends 20 new exciting venues in Seoul including facilities, parks and festivals for fall and disclosed a Pretty Map of Seoul containing all of those spots. The 20 locations included in the Pretty Map of Seoul feature  8 historic and cultural sites,  8 scientific and economic spots,  and 4 urban or architectural spots to open between 2017 and 2018.Noteworthy are Deoksugung Stonewall Walkway which opened up a 100m section for the first time since the British Embassy occupied the spot in 60 years, Oil Tank Culture Park which was built through regeneration of the old Mapo Oil Depot that had been strictly prohibited from public access over the past 41 years, and Yeouido Underground Bunker which remodeled a secret bunker made in the 70s into an exhibition space. These hereto restricted zones were either opened to the public or transformed into a new space through urban regeneration to provide a fun experience for visitors. The SMG also provides customized recommendations for families with children, lovers, and friends out of the 20 spots. If you are a family group, check out Hangang Hamsang Park that will open in October at Mangwon Hangang Park, Seoul Science Center which opened last May, and Seoullo 7017 that is becoming a new hot spot in the city with over 3.8 million visitors in 100 days. With friends, visit the Donuimun Museum Village where the Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism is held from September 2 until November 5 and enjoy cultural experiences and take pictures at the Oil Tank Culture Park, an oil depot tank-turned exhibition/performance hall.For lovers, walk the Deoksugung Stonewall Walkway and check out the newly opened 100m section. The new section is quieter with more curves compared to the Seosomun Stonewall Walkway that connects Daehanmun Gate to Jeong-dong. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) has hosted the Seoul Town Meeting two or three times a year since 2000 for each country or by topic to listen to the concerns of foreign residents and reflect their voices in policies. In 2016, it hosted meetings for foreign residents from Thailand, Mongolia and India.Some of the policies that were created after holding the Seoul Town Meeting include Construction of a Foreigner School for foreign students, Implementation of a capacity-building project to support the financial independence of Chinese-Koreans, Provision of community space for foreign residents,  Multilanguage newsletter containing news on foreign residents and foreign resident correspondents in Seoul. The SMG will hold the Seoul Town Meeting with South Asian foreign residents at the International Conference Hall on the ninth floor of the Seoul Global Center on September 16 at 4pm. The theme of the meeting will be Listening to the Hardships of Foreign Residents from South Asia and Making Proposals to the City Administration. Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon will meet up with over 100 foreigners from South Asia including community leaders, marriage immigrants, international students and workers to listen to their life in Seoul and talk about ways to improve their living conditions. All foreigners from South Asia including those from Bangladesh, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, etc. who are interested in improving their living conditions or the global administrative affairs of Seoul are welcome to participate in the meeting. Make a phone call (82-2-2075-4117) or send an e-mail (donghoon@seoul.go.kr) by September 14 to participate. Event Overview
Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon met up with Rome Mayor Virginia Raggi at Rome City Hall on September 8 during his tour of Italy and talked for an hour to seek cooperative measures through innovative policies in the areas of transportation, environment and tourism. This marks the first meeting between Mayor Park and Mayor Raggi. The two have a lot in common. In addition to being lawyers before becoming mayor, the two are innovative mayors that promoted a sustainable city through social movement and citizen participation.Mayor Park introduced preemptive projects that the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) is implementing in the areas of transportation and waste disposal, which were Mayor Raggis public pledges and areas of keen interest in the City of Rome. Mayor Park and Mayor Raggi also exchanged tourism policy know-how. Rome has a huge tourism industry with 17% of all the UNESCO cultural heritages and attracts 28 million foreign tourists annually. Mayor Park said, I hope that the meeting with the Mayor of Rome will result in strengthened cooperation and exchange in the two cities interest areas of environment and climate change response as well as the sharing of innovative policies in the areas of transportation and waste disposal to improve peoples quality of life. He added, Mayor Raggi and I agree on advancing citizen participation and innovative policies. I will work on fortifying the relationship with Rome so that new areas of exchange and cooperation are established.
The Mapo Oil Depot, a grade 1 security facility which has been strictly prohibited from public access and usage over the past 41 years, has been transformed into an environment-friendly culture space featuring festivals, performances, exhibitions and village markets since September 1, 2017. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is operating various participatory programs created, produced, and shared among citizens at the Oil Tank Culture Park. Dalsijang, My Familys Lifestyle
 Dalsijang market is an environment-friendly village market held around the time the moon comes out that does not use any disposable goods. The market taking place at Culture Plaza is held on the second Saturday of each month and participated by residents, social economy entrepreneurs, and young local artists. The first Dalsijang Market will be operated on September 9 (Saturday) between 5am and 9pm. When you visit the market, make sure to bring your cup and shopping basket!
 Bicycle Music Festival for Urban Nomads, Moving Bicycle City@Oil Tank Culture Park
 Bicycle Music Festival featuring a restaurant connected to a bicycle, a moving playground with a large tire and bicycle and various artistic performances will take place on September 9 (Saturday) along with Dalsijang Market. Project Nalda @Circus performance All Bounce
 Balloon energy is required to make the trampoline airplanes that fell into the Oil Tank Culture Park fly again. All Bounce is a participatory circus in which the members bounce on trampolines and perform with the assistance of the audience. The event will be held at Culture Plaza on September 9 (Saturday), 2017 starting at 4pm.  Bamdokkaebi Night Market@Oil Tank Culture Park
 Walk along Maebongsan path surrounding the Oil Tank Culture Park and survey the ecosystem of Maebongsan and have fun at the Maebongsan Ecosystem Play Map Workshop. The program will be carried out 12 times between 10am and 1pm on Wednesdays and Thursdays from September 6 to October 19, 2017. Learning about the Environment through Magic Magical Culture Park
 Childrens environmental magic workshop using natural elements such as fire, water, and wood at Oil Tank Culture Park. Held at the T6 Communication Center Creative Lab in the Oil Tank Culture Park between September 16 (Saturday) and 17 (Sunday), 2017.
The Oil Tank Culture Park is located within a seven minute walk from World Cup Stadium Station Line 6.It is connected to a walking path formed along the ridges of Maebongsan Mountain and you can view the park, the World Cup Stadium and the Mapo-gu area at the observatory on the summit of Maebongsan Mountain (93.9m). On October 14 and 15, 2017, the Citizen Festival Celebrating the Opening will be held.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) has established the Automatic Air Pollution Alert System which will send alerts to citizens within 7 minutes through text messages, electronic boards and mobile phones when the fine dust and ozone level in the atmosphere is higher than the accepted standard. The program will start operation in September 2017.Before the establishment of the new system, when an alert situation occurred, the SMG responded in the order of immediately notifying the press and registering information on the Air Quality website, sending text messages and faxes to citizens and public institutions, and posting messages on mobile Seoul, SNS and electronic boards. This took 30 minutes on average. The SMG, by reducing the alert time from 30 to 7 minutes by implementing the simultaneous alert system, helps those who are particularly susceptible to fine dust including infants, babies, seniors and sick people as well as outdoor workers to respond to air pollution more efficiently.The SMG will encourage fine dust susceptible groups, vulnerable groups, and patients to subscribe to the text alert service so that they can receive air pollution information quickly. The text request process will be simplified as well.Registration for the text alert service, which used to be available after joining the Air Quality Information website and applying is now available via phone (82-2-3789-8701/120 Dasan Call Center) for the first time in the country. Now seniors who do not know how to use the Internet can apply for the service easily. Air Quality Information website: http://cleanair.seoul.go.kr/(Korean)
Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon will visit Rome (Vatican) and Milan (Lombardy) in Italy between September 7 (Thursday) and 12 (Tuesday), 2017. The visit was planned in conjunction with the opening ceremony of the special exhibition On earth as it is in heaven! Seoul and 230 Years of the Catholic Church in Korea held at Vatican City, the heart of Catholicism, to celebrate the 230 years of history of the Catholic Church in Korea. The exhibition is the first Korea-related special exhibition held at the Vatican Museum, one of the three leading museums in the world. 203 pieces of Catholic relics from Korea will be on display. The event, which was first proposed by the Vatican Museum in celebration of the three year anniversary of Pope Franciscos visit to Korea, will be held as a solo exhibition for over 70 days without being charged for venue rental fees. The exhibition is not a mere display of religious artifacts but a special exhibition that focuses on explaining the history of Catholicism in Korea under the pretext of the rapidly changing early modern times and the unique characteristics of the City of Seoul over the last 230 years. Historic objects from the Seoul Museum of History will also be included in the collection.During his visit, Mayor Park will also visit Milan to seek cooperation in fashion at the city of fashion home to one of the worlds top 4 fashion week programs, and work on expanding city diplomatic relations with major cities in Italy including Rome, Milan and Lombardy. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has entered into a sister city relationship with Italys capital, Rome, in 2000 and a friendship city relationship with Italys second largest city and economic center, Milan, in 2007. Mayor Park said, I am glad that a special exhibition celebrating the 230 years of Catholic history in Korea will be held at the Vatican for the first time and consider it a great honor that the Seoul Museum of History can be part of planning such a memorable exhibition.  He added, Through this visit, I will meet up with the Mayors of Rome and Milan and the people in the fashion industry at the two cities to ensure that the networking will result in the development of the fashion and culture industries of Seoul. 
The International Forum on Transforming Cities for Decent Work is opening in Seoul from September 5th to 6th on Tuesday and Wednesday for two days at the Multipurpose Hall of Seoul City Hall and Lotte Hotel Seoul. This forum organized and led by the Seoul Metropolitan Government is promoting advanced labor policies and the event will provide an opportunity to cast light upon the meaning of labor with the governments of 10 other cities including New York, London, Tokyo, Sao Paulo, Johannesburg in addition to eight international organizations including the ILO, OECD, and EU as well as related public organizations and labor unions in Korea. This forum will be exceptionally meaningful with Director-General Guy Ryder of the ILO giving a keynote speech to highly praise the effort of the Seoul Metropolitan Government in creating quality jobs and the importance of spreading the good model globally. ILO is an affiliated organization of the UN that supervises the labor situations and compliance of labor laws of each county by setting international labor standards and supporting member countries to create decent jobs. Korea joined the ILO as its 152nd member in 1991 among 187 member countries of the ILO. Seven other chief executives of the ILO are also planning to visit Seoul with Director-General Guy Ryder to lead effective discussions on labor policies during this forum. The purpose of this forum is to build an urban labor model for quality jobs based on the opinions of workers and laborers on site. All related bodies including city governments, international organizations, public organizations, labor unions, and labor civic organizations will participate in the forum for meaningful discussions. On the last day of the forum, Seoul Declaration will be announced and the declaration will include the future directions and tasks of each city government, labor union, and civic organization that aim to create cities with quality jobs. Furthermore, Seoul is planning to lead the establishment of aconsultative body for cities with decent work with other cities that will participate in the forum and is expecting to build a close partnership with the ILO as well through this forum. On the last day of the forum, Seoul Declaration will be announced and the declaration will include the future directions and tasks of each city government, labor union, and civic organization that aim to create cities with quality jobs. Furthermore, Seoul is planning to lead the establishment of aconsultative body for cities with decent work with other cities that will participate in the forum and is expecting to build a close partnership with the ILO as well through this forum. www.seoul.go.kr Outline of International Forum on Transforming Cities for Decent Work 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will host the Seoul Garden Show 2017 at Yeouido Park between September 22 (Fri) and 26 (Tue), 2017. This year, 80 gardens will be on display under the theme of Garden of You, Me, and Us, and a spirit of unification and harmony. Various unique and fresh programs are scheduled for family groups, lovers, students, and gardening experts.We recommend the Family Plant-making program for families that love flowers and plants.
The flowerpot making event held at Culture Square provides participants with a chance to make a family pot using flowerpots and young plants. Six outstanding works will receive a citation by the Seoul Mayor along with a prize. Apply for the program on the website (150 teams) or on-site (50 teams).Families an also participate in the Fall Tree-making event during the Seoul Garden Show. This is another experience-based event in which citizens learn how to make props and make their own prop to display.For a more romantic experience, try the Autumn Night Garden Concert. Childrens Choir, Adult Choir and famous singers are invited to perform at the central stage of Cultural Event Plaza of Yeouido Park to fill up Yeouido with beautiful music.Visitors can also watch Park, a Japanese movie created in celebration of the 100 anniversary of Inokashira Park in Tokyo, and Flower Show, an Irish movie about a florist, for free at the center stage.For gardening and landscaping experts as well as students, the event also offers Garden Center and Garden Conference. The Garden Center will be held at Cultural Event Plaza. Various gardening-related information will be exchanged at the Garden Culture Conference and various questions on gardening will be answered at the Gardening Information Center. The program will also offer an exhibition of works featuring photos of famous gardens by domestic and overseas artists.Inquiries: Seoul Garden Show http://festival.seoul.go.kr/garden
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is recruiting participants for the kimchi-making event as well as volunteers for the 4th Seoul Kimchi Festival which will be held at Seoul Square between November 3 and 5, 2017. The Seoul Kimchi Festival is a leading festival of Seoul in which everything on the UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage of Kimjang, or kimchi-making can be experienced. Visitors can see, experience, and taste kimchi at the event. This years festival will be offered as a global sharing culture festival based on three years experience of hosting the event and featuring the traditional value of sharing kimchi and sharing the fun elements of the festival. Big Tent was implemented for the first time last year and received good reviews. The program consists of four programs: My Tent is where you can make kimchi for your family and take it home, Masters Tent is where you can watch kimchi masters demonstrate kimchi-making, Chefs Tent is where you can learn how to make unique kimchi from chefs, and Foreigners Tent is a tent dedicated to foreigners. 600 participants will be selected on a first-come-first-serve basis on the website starting on September 7, 2017. Select the kimchi made by the master of your choice to participate in the program. Use the delivery service booth to send the kimchi you made home. (Participants are responsible for shipping.) The 4th Seoul Kimchi Festival calls out for 120 volunteers to help operate the event. Volunteers must plan, operate, and participate in all processes of the event including preparations proactively.We are recruiting volunteers in the areas of Sharing (Kimjang sharing site/Supply management and operation), Display and Promotion (Experience and operation of exhibition halls/guide and interpreter), Kimchi Fun Madang (Operation of Kimchi playground) and Promotion (Photography and SNS management). All Korean citizens over the age of 18 interested in the festival are welcome to apply. Overseas residents and foreigners residing in Korea who are able to communicate in Korean are also welcome to apply.Applications are accepted until September 25 (Mon), 2017 online on the website of the Seoul Kimchi Festival http://www.seoulkimchifestival.comVolunteers who are selected through the document screening will go through orientation in October and perform preparation work and work during the festival at Seoul Square. Volunteers will also receive uniforms and souvenirs. They will also receive a volunteer work certificate after completing the necessary hours of volunteer work. Outstanding volunteers will receive a citation by the Seoul Mayor. Inquiries
Visit performance halls wearing a hanbok for a special experience. Those who wear a hanbok are eligible for a discount when watching classical music, dance and traditional music performances.The Seoul Metropolitan Government encourages a culture of wearing hanbok in daily life by offering a discount of up to 30,000 won for performances held at city-run facilities. Shows 30,000 won or less are available for 1,000 won. Watch 21 performances held at Sejong Center, Namsan Gugakdang (Traditional Theater), Seoul Donhwamun Traditional Theater and other locations between September and November 2017.All visitors wearing hanbok are eligible to receive a discount. Select the Hanbok discount on the website for discount-eligible performances to reserve at the discounted price.<Reservations and Inquiries>
Visit the performance hall wearing a hanbok to watch the reserved performance after going through a hanbok check procedure. Those who did not reserve tickets are still eligible for a discount as long as they wear a hanbok. The hanbok check procedure is carried out at the photo zone next to the ticket office. The ticket-selling staff will take photos of people wearing hanbok and the photos will only be used to calculate the discount.
The major social enterprise market of Seoul, Deoksugung Fair Shop is reopening at Deoksugung Stone Wall Path after the summer vacation season from Thursday, August 31st. Deoksugung Fair Shop in the second half of 2017 will open on Thursday, August 31st to Saturday, November 4th (except in October) on every Thursday, Friday, and Saturday (from 11 am to 6 pm) at Deoksugung Stone Wall Path that starts from Daehanmun Gate to the circular water fountain. The Deoksugung Picnic event where visitors can enjoy various experiences will also be held together with the market on every Saturday from September 9th.  The Cultural Railway Project can be summed up as a combination of Art and Culture Space free of commercial advertisements, Art Station where users can encounter high quality art works in stations, and the Running Series involving a themed train. Deoksugung Fair Shop that opened in 2014 is a marketplace where social enterprises, young business leaders, women-led companies, and craft artists can introduce and sell their products to the visitors of Deoksugung Stone Wall Path. The market has been receiving good responses from visitors since it also provides a good opportunity for the visitors to look around and purchase products of social enterprises that cant be easily found elsewhere. Furthermore, the city plans to block vehicles from entering Deoksugung Stone Wall Path and create a pedestrian-only street during the Deoksugung Picnic event every Saturday from September 9th to allow visitors to take a safe and relaxing stroll on the street. The event will be prepared with quizzes on social and economic issues, traditional attire that visitors can try on, ceramic-making classes, and more for families and foreign tourists to experience our culture and naturally understand the social and economic status of Korea.  There will also be music performances including acoustic and clarinet performances at 12:20 pm in addition to magic shows at 3 pm across the parking lot of Seoul City Hall Seosomun Building. Deoksugung Stone Wall Path where Deoksugung Fair Shop takes place has been operated as a pedestrian-only street starting from April 2017 (11 am  2 pm on weekdays, 10 am  5 pm on Saturdays). Therefore, visitors who are driving will have to make a detour around Jeongdong-gil.  
The Ui-Sinseol Light Rapid Transit, the first all basement-level subway line in Korea, will begin operation on September 2nd. The mini subway train, 28m in length and light green in color, will run through the northeastern part of Seoul including Dongdaemun-gu, Seongbuk-gu and Gangbuk-gu, delivering art and culture contents inside.The new line will operate as an unmanned line with all stations located at the basement-level and will promote artistic endeavors free of commercial advertisements. The Cultural Railway Project will be implemented to create a new platform for the dispersal of art and culture on the subway.The Cultural Railway Project can be summed up as a combination of Art and Culture Space free of commercial advertisements, Art Station where users can encounter high quality art works in stations, and the Running Series involving a themed train. All 13 stations on the Ui-Sinseol LRT line will be formed as art and culture space. Walls, floors, staircases, and the walls of escalators, will display works by up and coming artists. Some trains will be operated as Running Series trains wrapped up in a certain theme. The interior of these trains will be decorated in the theme of library, movie theater, and art museum. Two trains will begin test operations as Running Art Museum and Running Library starting on the opening day.< 24/7 monitoring of all facilities through CCTV (compartments, station, tunnels, etc.) placement of additional safety personnel during the initial stages of operation >Since all trains are computer operated, 2,755 additional staff will be stationed at Ui LRT to ensure thorough safety management during the initial stages of operation. All stations and trains will have 95 staff members daily over 29 days.403 CCTVs will be installed at compartments and stops and monitored by the general control tower 24/7. All 13 stations have screen doors installed.Fire-resistant aluminum was used inside the trains including the seats and an emergency exit and ramp, which can be easily operated following the instructions provided by the general control tower during an emergency, have been installed at the front and back of each train.Mobility convenience has been enhanced for vulnerable transportation users. Compartments are made to accommodate wheelchairs and strollers by eliminating doors and raised spots between compartments. The Ui-Sinseol LRT connects 13 stops (11.4Km) from Ui-dong in Gangbuk-gu to Sinseol-dong in Dongdaemun-gu at the same price of using the subway with a traffic card. With the opening of the new subway line in the area where buses were the only means of public transportation, the commute time is expected to be reduced by 30 minutes during rush hour in the Ui-Sinseol area. Mezzanine platformPlatformTrainGeneral management buildingGeneral control towerGarageWide Colors Exhibition by Six Artists at Sinseol-dongRail Art Type Poster Installation Sample
100 days have passed since the opening of Seoullo 7017, the first pedestrian walkway in Korea built on top of a 47 year old overpass. Under harsh weather conditions accompanied by heavy rains and extreme heat, 3.8 million people visited Seoullo 7017 in the past 100 days (Estimated number of accumulated visitors between May 20 and August 27 of 2017). An average of 20,000 people per day visited the walkway on weekdays while approximately 40,000 people per day on weekends. The number of foreign tourists amounted to 200,000 people.Seoullo 7017 is gaining popularity for its proximity to nearby historic buildings including Sungnyemun Gate and Seoul Station as well as being an overpass that connects to other structures in Seoul including skyscrapers and railways, displaying 228 types of flowers and trees on the walkway, and having a fantastic nightscape that decorates the walkway after sunset. As the walkway is being introduced to Koreans and overseas countries alike, the place is also gaining popularity as a filming location. So far, 40 advertisements, television dramas and travel shows have been filmed on the overpass over the past 100 days. 271 festivals and other events were held at Seoullo 7017 over the past 100 days with 286,000 people in attendance.Plants have been growing well in artificial soil. 228 plants (24,000 trees) on Seoullo exhibited a survival rate of 93 to 97 percent withstanding the heat and rain.The most important element in the operation of Seoullo is first and foremost Safety. The safety system is being frequently improved. The SMG accepted the opinions of the Safety Advisory Council to enhance safety measures by posting announcements on railings, broadcasting announcements, and installing a punched steel net on the lower parts of the railings while also operating a general situation room 24/7. Seoullo 7017 is being well-established as a stable infrastructure in order to serve its purpose as a governance platform that connects pedestrian walkways, history and culture, economy and industry, living environment, and community regeneration. <Celebration of the 100th day since opening Nature on Seoullo Over the Past 100 days Exhibition August 26  September 1. Continued hosting of exhibitions and festivals>The SMG will host the Nature on Seoullo Over the Past 100 Days exhibition to celebrate the 100th day since opening between August 26 (Sat) and September 1 (Fri). Starting in September, the SMG will also operate various permanent programs, exhibitions and festival for the fall season including Sarang Photo Zone where you can take wedding photos, Nap Time where you can take a nap during the lunch hour, and Street Board Game Caf where you can enjoy board games with strangers on your way back from work.  We connect people. (Festivals and events near Malli-dong Plaza) We connect people.
Mapo Oil Depot, a Level 1 security facility situated west of the Sangam World Cup Stadium that was restricted to the general public for 41 years, has completed its transformation into Culture Park a cultural complex that will host year-round festivals, performances, exhibitions and citizens markets, and will finally be open to the citizens of Seoul on September 1st (Fri).The oil depot was constructed over a three-year period from 1976 to 1978 by the city with the aid of government subsidies. It was built for maintaining a stable supply of oil in the aftermath of the domestic economic crisis caused by the 1973 Arab-Israeli War that led to the first oil crisis.Designated as a Level 1 security facility since its inception, it had restricted the access by citizens and, as the plan to build a soccer stadium nearby was established in preparation of the 2002 Korea-Japan World Cup, it was classified as a risk facility and closed down in November 2000. The facility has since been abandoned and untouched for over a decade.Spanning over an area equivalent to that of 22 soccer stadiums (140,022m2), Mapo Oil Tank Culture Park features an open space (Cultural Ground, 35,212m2) in which a variety of activities including performances, marketplaces and picnics are possible, while this open space is surrounded by six tanks (T1 through T6, 104,810m2). From the tanks, which are heritage of the industrialization era, to the interior and exterior materials and retaining walls, all of the existing resources were regenerated and recycled, thus applying an urban restoration method.Another keyword that describes the Oil Tank Culture Park is eco-friendly. All buildings within the facility are cooled and heated by renewable energy that utilizes geothermal heat. Also, everyday sewage and rainwater are recycled and stored in a heavy water processing facility (30-ton) and a rainwater tank (300-ton) for respectively usage in restroom toilets and landscaping. The grand opening to the general public is set for September 1st (Fri) and the citizens festival celebrating the beginning of the facility is scheduled for October 14th (Sat). For these events, the city has already selected 40 teams that will run programs from the opening date to the end of this year. The teams come from a variety of areas including community, culture, arts and ecology, and will run their programs, such as citizens market and music festival, for 3 months.Before constructionAfter construction
Global architects will gather in Seoul for the largest and the most prestigious international architectural event, UIA (Union Internationales des Architects) 2017 World Architects Congress, which is also referred to as the Architects Olympics. The UIA 2017 Seoul World Architects Congress will be held from September 3rd (Sunday) to September 10th (Sunday), 2017 at COEX and DDP (Dongdaemun Design Plaza). The event will be co-hosted by UIA, FIKA (Federation of Institutes of Korea Architects), and the Seoul Metropolitan Government. This is the third time this event will be held in Asia following Beijing and Tokyo and it will be the largest event this year with about 30,000 architects and industry representatives attending from 124 nations around the world. UIA is the only international architects association that had been recognized by the UN with about 1.3 million members from 124 nations. The event does not focus on merely exhibitions and lectures but is a venue where architects from around the world gather together to discuss the latest trends of architecture and the future development directions of the industry. Seoul was successfully chosen as the host of this event after competing against Singapore and Mexico City during the general assembly of UIA held in Tokyo in 2011. UIA 2017 Seoul World Architects Congress is composed of a total of 137 programs including symposiums, exhibitions, open lectures, open discussions, and architectural culture tours under the topic, Soul of City The event will provide an opportunity to discuss the direction and role of architecture for sustainable human life in the midst of urbanization across the world. UIA 2017 Seoul World Architects Congress will be largely divided into two programs including the main event (September 4th  7th, COEX) and a public event (September, throughout the entire city including Culture Depot Base) in addition to the UIA General Assembly (September 7th  10th, DDP) to decide the venue of the next event in 2023. The schedule of the event will be filled with various programs that professional architects and students who study architecture can enjoy from opening & closing ceremonies, keynote lectures, keynote forums, public lectures, thesis and design presentations under various topics, exhibitions, and the UIA awards ceremony. Furthermore, the public programs will include open discussion sessions with architects, architectural culture tours that introduce the past and present of Seoul through architectural structures, natural architectural experience that uses natural materials to build structures, and various other exhibitions.  Meanwhile, Seoul will be celebrating September as the architecture-themed month and the city designated the month as the month of architectural culture since various architectural events will be held at the same time during the same month.In addition to UIA 2017 Seoul, do not miss Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism 2017 (Sep. 2nd  Nov. 5th), 2017 Seoul Architecture Festival (Sep. 1st  Sep. 24th), and The 9th Seoul International Architecture Film Festival (Sep. 4th  Sep. 24th) that will also be good opportunities to cast light on and experience architecture in various ways. For more information on UIA 2017 Seoul, please call +82-2-586-2018 or visit http://www.uia2017seoul.org.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will promote accessible tourism for vulnerable social groups. To increase the number of facilities with universal design, without barriers in tourism facilities for eating, sleeping and entertainment, the SMG will first support a fund of KRW 10 million to 100 million as well as consulting services to individual businesses such as hotels, restaurants and convenience facilities at public buildings in six tourism special districts including Myeongdong and Itaewon for installation and remodeling of disability access. The SMG will expand the development of special tour courses for each type of disability and handicapped level so that a physical disability does not lead to discomfort in tourism and cooperate with travel agencies to promote their commercialization as tour products. Barrier-free tourism facilities and outstanding tour products will receive a designated certification mark. The SMG will also purchase a tour bus for the disabled with a wheelchair lift to accommodate disabled group tours through the construction of a welfare hall.The SMG will begin distribution of a new guidebook in 2018 containing the accessibility information (slopes, accessible restrooms, accessible elevators) of each facility pictographically based on a census conducted on 120 major tourism facilities in Seoul. The SMG will also open a Barrier-free Tourism Support Center by the first half of 2018 which will provide a one-stop solution to travel planning, reservations, and car rentals. The number of special tour guides for the disabled will be increased threefold (8  28) and walking tours will be increased to five courses (currently, only available at Deoksugung and Gyeonghuigung palaces). Based on the above activities, the SMG announced the Barrier-free Tourism City Plan with 12 tasks in four areas. Expansion of tourism welfare is one of the 100 national tasks suggested by the new government. The four areas include:  Improvement of the physical environment and travel convenience <Tourism Facility>,  Provision and development of customized tourism contents <Tourism Contents>,  Enhancement of accessibility of tourism information <Tourism Information>, and  Improvement of social awareness and tourism service <Social Awareness>. First, improve tourism facilities in areas frequently visited by domestic and foreign tourists and increased the number of buses for the disabled to create an environment in which vulnerable tourist groups can easily access and move about.Second, develop and offer customized contents for vulnerable tourist groups. In addition to the 29 barrier-free tourism courses that are in operation currently, 10 additional contents will be developed each year for specific targets including each disability type, seniors, and families with babies and children. The SMG will also implement a project of sending disabled and low income groups on trips through private-public cooperation.Third, enhance the accessibility of tourism information. Create and distribute a new SMG tourism guidebook containing the accessibility information of major tourism facilities and offer it on the mobile app version of the Seoul tourism website (www.visitseoul.net). Pictographs will mark whether there is a slope by an entrance and exit, and whether there is an accessible restroom. The SMG will also open and operate the Barrier-free Tourism Support Center starting in the first half of 2018. The center will provide a one-stop service including travel plan design, reservations, and rental of tour buses for the disabled, wheelchairs, and strollers. Fourth, the professional workforce for vulnerable tourism groups (Culture and Tourism Guides) will be increased threefold and training will be provided to people who work in the tourism industry to improve the service quality and spread social awareness of tourism in Seoul.
A series of events to promote Seoul were held in So Paulo, Brazil, the center of hallyu on the South American continent.The ISEOULU in So Paulo event was held in So Paulo over two days on August 12th and 13th to celebrate the 40th anniversary of the sister city relationship between Seoul and So Paulo. The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) Promotion booth was set up at Bom Retiro, the Korea Town of So Paulo, starting at 2pm on August 12th and a large number of people crowded around the booth, promising a good start to the event. At the booth, the SMG operated a state-of-the-art IT experience space, which many people took pictures of and shared them on their SNS, and also held a special event with prizes including a K-pop cover dance battle, receiving a lot of attention from Koreans residents and Brazilian locals.The Korean Culture Day event was also held while the ISEOULU in So Paulo event was taking place. The culture day event featured various Korean culture performances including K-pop, traditional dance, B-boying, samul nori, and taekwondo demonstration. It also held an exhibition of works by Korean resident artists including calligraphy, Korean painting, pottery, and craftwork.2017 marks the 40th anniversary of Seoul and So Paulo entering into a sister city relationship since signing an agreement in April 1977. The two cities have been steadily exchanging ideas and resources in urban transportation, culture and other areas. Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon visited So Paulo in 2012 to discuss ways to preserve nature in the two cities as well as traffic and air pollution-related policies and invited So Paulo Mayor Joo Doria to Seoul in April 2017 to present him with Honorary Seoul Citizenship. The So Paulo City Council designated Bom Retiro as the Korea Town of the city in January 2010 and the So Paulo Local Government officially designated August 15 as Korean Culture Day in 2017.
2017 Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism will be held in Seoul starting on September 2nd. As a large global event with over 16,200 participants from 50 cities, 40 universities and 120 organizations worldwide, it has a great diversity of programs. Among these programs, we would like to introduce the four most suitable programs to visitors.The Biennale Cafeteria and Coffee Shop will be set up as part of a field project called Food City at Donuimun Museum Village, one of the main exhibit venues of the 2017 Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism. At the Biennale Cafeteria, Thali, the official menu of the event, will be sold for the duration of the Biennale, and exhibits on various food and water shortage issues worldwide will also be available. Led by four to five of the best chefs from Eden in Chennai, India, the Biennale Cafeteria will be run as a non-profit restaurant, all of whose profits minus labor costs and operating expenses are to be donated to environment and human rights groups.The official menu at the Biennale Cafeteria is Thali, a colorful platter of food from the Tamil Nadu region in southern India. Like Korea, Tamil Nadu is a region in which people primarily live on rice but, due to expediting climate change and water shortage issues, the region currently faces serious difficulties in farming. This is surely a problem that Korean people will face in the near future as well. Thali was selected as the official menu of the Biennale to start active conversations about the issue. Another reason for the selection stems from the fact that Thali falls in line with Koreas rapidly propagating social phenomenon of Honbap, which means to eat alone in Korean, as the meal comprises rice and various side dishes presented on a large platter served for one person. Like this, the Biennale Cafeteria will be a place in which people may come together to discuss and understand issues and problems regarding food. A single meal of Thali is priced at 15,000 KRW at the Biennale Cafeteria.Every Saturday, dinner can be enjoyed free of charge at the Biennale Cafeteria. During Themed Dinners, people will sit with farmers, botanists, entomologists, agricultural biologists, environmental activists and administrators to discuss current issues related to food over dinner. A variety of cuisine not only from the Middle East and Greece but also made with Korean weeds, wild beans, indigenous food ingredients and vegetables grown by urban farmers will be provided, and chefs will change depending on the theme. To participate, you must fill out a reservation starting two weeks prior to the date of each theme on the Biennale website. The total number of participants will be limited. Location: Biennale Cafeteria, Donuimun Museum VillagePeriod: 5:00  7:00 PM every Saturday from 9/2 (Sat) to 11/4 (Sat)* To be held on Saturday and Sunday during the opening week** Theme dinner program on September 30th will be replaced with a lecture starting at 3:30 PM 
Youth Bankbook is a program in which participants will receive two times what they have saved in their account. 1,100 new participants will open accounts and start saving in earnest.The Double-hope Youth Bankbook is a project introduced by the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) in 2015 for the first time in the nation to support young people who are having difficulty in gaining financial independence because of working in temporary jobs, college loans, and rise in residential cost. 938, 1,100, and 2,038 people were selected to open a Youth Bankbook in 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively.Starting this year, the matching ratio for the Double-hope Youth Bankbook has changed from 1 to 0.5 to one-on-one, which means 100% of the savings will be additionally added and the participant will receive up 10.8 million won, which amounts to twice the savings.The Double-hope Youth Bankbook works in the following way: eligible low income young people save 50,000 won, 100,000 won, and 150,000 won per month over two to three years and the SMG and private sectors add additional savings to the account. The collected funds can be used for the purpose of paying for residence, marriage, education, and starting a new company. Additional savings are made through SMG funds and private sector contributions. Meanwhile, Woori Bank offers a special interest rate that is higher than the market rate to all Youth Bankbook subscribers.The SMG sent out recruitment announcements in March 2017 and received applications over April for new subscribers to the Youth Bankbook. 4,227 people applied for 1,000 spots, exhibiting a competition rate of 4.2:1, which is twice as high compared to 2016.
To help young people gain financial independence and a good future, the SMG will select an additional 100 people to root for the young people in their fight for a better future.In addition to providing additional savings to Youth Bankbook subscribers, the SMG also provided opportunities to enjoy various cultural events such as musicals, operas and concerts to 1,550 Youth Bankbook subscribers and their families through the cooperation of JTN Media, Sejong Center, and Seoul Metropolitan Theater.
The 2017 Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism will be held at Donuimun Museum Village, Dongdaemun Design Plaza, and various stations and industrial sites in Seoul between September 2 (Sat) and November 5 (Sun).
The Biennale is a large global event with a total of 16,200 people in attendance including 50 cities, 40 universities and 120 organizations. This years event will be the first held in Seoul. The event will center on the themes of City and Architecture and will be held as a global academic conference and exhibition festival.The theme of the first biennale in Seoul is Imminent Commons. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will suggest Imminent Commons as the method to solve the various urban problems that cities face through 300 exhibitions and interactive programs and prepare an opportunity to discuss how each city will realize the goal of imminent commons.<Themed Exhibitions with 39 projects about the nine commons and City Exhibitions, which are public projects by 50 cities>
The Biennale will operate centering on the three main programs of Themed Exhibitions, City Exhibitions, and Live Projects Seoul. All programs excluding the main exhibitions (Admission: 9,000 won) are free of charge.Themed Exhibitions consist of 39 projects on technologies, policies, lifestyles, and design directions centering on the nine commons as solutions to urban problems. The exhibitions will be held at Donuimun Museum Village. Nine Commons
Common acts (5): Making, Sensing, Moving, Recycling, CommunicatingLeading programs include Seoul On Air: Augmented Reality for City Activity that attaches sensors to public transportation in Seoul to measure the microclimate of Seoul in real time and show it in augmented reality and Seoul Odor Map that collects various odors in Seoul and identifies space from the perspective of smells.City Exhibition introduces various public projects by cities in the world that tried to solve urban problems through sharing at Dongdaemun Design Plaza.We expect the exhibition to serve as an opportunity to compare and analyze various shared valued between cities around the world. Projects by 50 cities including New York, London, Vienna, San Francisco, Shanghai and Pyeongyang will be on display. Seoul will introduce four projects.Live Projects Seoul conducts various experiments in various locations around Seoul in the three categories of Production city, Urban foodsed and Smart walking city.
 Production city: The project pursues new potential of the urban manufacturing industry including clothing, metal, printing, and machine businesses. Exhibitions and workshops will be held at production sites in the old capital area of Changsin-dong, Euljiro and Sewoon Mall.
 Urban foodshed: The Biennale Restaurant and Biennale Caf will open at Donuimun Museum Village during the Seoul Biennale. Familiarize yourself with issues like water and food shortage, urban agriculture, and disposable items and taste apple bread baked with photovoltaic energy and tea with honey from city-raised bees.
 Smart walking city: This is a walking program that suggests the vision of the SMG of Walking City Seoul. Walk three kilometers from Dongdaemun Gate to Sewoon Mall while enjoying Music City, a smartphone app that allows listening to music made by Korean and British composers exclusively for seven locations in Seoul including DDP and Seoullo 7017 while standing at the very location, and Brainwave Walk, which uses brainwave to detect stress in order to find the perfect environment to walk in.[A Wide Variety of Participatory Programs Recommendation of BEST Programs for Tourists!]
During the Biennale, various programs are held for citizen participation. The following are especially recommended by the SMG. Biennale Restaurant  Themed dinner: This is a program in which people eat dinner together on Saturdays and talk about various subjects. The program is free and reservations are made in advance. The cuisine includes Middle eastern food, Greek food as well as vegetables including Korean greens, wild beans, traditional ingredients and vegetables raised by urban farmers. The cook changes depending on the theme of the food.
 City of Common Seoul Tour: The tour consists of a Sunday Tour that provides a general understanding of Seoul Biennale and a Saturday Tour that provides more advanced understanding. The Sunday Tour visits Donuimun Museum Village, Dilkusha, Mapo Oil Tank Cultural Park, Sewoon Mall, and Seoul Saehwaryeong Plaza while the Saturday Tour visits the Seongbuk Dowon area, Seoullo 7017, and the Embassy of France. To apply for each course, make a reservation on the official website of Seoul Biennale at least two days before the event.
 Walking Playground: This is an on-site program for enjoying all Smart Walking City programs (Music City and Brainwave Walk, etc.) in one day to be held between 1pm and 5pm on Sundays. Visit the Smart Walking City container box on DDP Design Street to receive a map and guide to the programs.
 Around the Biennale on Seoul Bike, Ttareungyi: Ttareungyi stations will be installed near the four sites of the Biennale including Donuimun Museum Village, DDP, Sewoon Mall, and Seoullo 7017 for October 28 and 29 making it easier to move between the venues on bike.Refer to the official website of Seoul Biennale (http://www.seoulbiennale.org/) or call the Seoul Biennale Secretariat (02-2096-0108) to inquire about exhibitions, application to participatory programs, or request a schedule.Attachment 1Overview of the 2017 Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism 
A large banner containing the phrase Dreaming of a Greater Independence on a backdrop of a sky blue water-color painting of the Korean Peninsula will be hung at the Dream Board at Seoul Square from August 13 until the end of the month in celebration of the 72nd anniversary of the Korean independence.<Dream Board at Seoul Square to Celebrate Independence Day  Dreaming of a Greater Independence>Greater Independence refers to a greater independence enjoyed in a unified Korea rather than independence enjoyed separately in the South and North while the peninsula remains divided. Each year, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) holds an event that allows people to reflect upon the meaning of independence. This years event contained the desire to achieve unification in this generation along with many citizens who remember the candlelight spirit, demonstrated through many street demonstrations. This years Dream Board was designed out of the intention to dream and hope for a greater independence of unifying the Korean Peninsula rather than becoming complacent of the current status.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will hold a special event so that people can enjoy the Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market to the fullest. These participatory programs include Rooftop (Yeouido and Banpo) for enjoying the nightview of Hangang River, Group seats where people can spend time together without a time limit (Banpo), Express pass for buying food without waiting in line (Yeouido and Banpo), Delivery service (DDP) that delivers food at the desired time through a reservation system, and Wish lantern parade (Cheonggyecheon Stream).The information center at the Hangang River in the Yeouido Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market (Fridays and Saturdays) and Banpo (Fridays and Saturdays) will transform into a rooftop starting in August. Post your story and desired time of visit on the official Facebook page of Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market and we will select one team each for each location and time slot (7pm, 8pm and 9pm). Each team will enjoy the Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market on the rooftop for up to 50 minutes while admiring the nightview of the Hangang River.Apply to participate on the official Facebook page of the event (www.facebook.com/bamdokkaebi). Choose from either Yeouido or Banpo and write down your story and desired time of visit. Two to eight people can participate in each team and applications will be accepted between the Thursday one week before the event until the following Tuesday.The Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market Banpo (Fridays and Saturdays) operates group seats for professionals or college clubs that are looking for a fun meeting venue. Make a reservation on the official Facebook page of Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market to receive a canopy tent and table. The first two teams that arrive can use them for 1,000 won per person without a time limit.Reserve by leaving a message on the official Facebook page (www.facebook.com/bamdokkaebi) starting on Thursday one week before the event. Up to two teams will be accepted on a first-come-first-serve basis. Each team may have between 8 and 15 members. Professionals can use the special gift certificate created for the event through pre-payment.Enjoy the food at the night market without waiting in line. At Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market Yeouido (Fridays and Saturdays) and Banpo (Fridays and Saturdays), an express pass is handed out to five teams so that they can order food without waiting in line. The pass can be used once at any food truck. Five teams that match the random conditions announced by the organizer such as a birthday, dress code, soldiers on break, etc.The Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market DDP (Fridays and Saturdays) also operates the Here Here Delivery Service where pre-ordered food is delivered at the designated time for the first time among the four night markets. The service is operated on the third week of each month to deliver 30 something menu items at the desired time through on-site reservation.Pre-orders will be accepted between 4pm and 5:30pm at the DDP Palgeori Plaza on the third week of each month.Also, on the DDP grass hill, the Yummy Concert is held every third week of the month. Order food through the Here Here Delivery service to watch a concert and enjoy a meal at the same time in a pleasant space. The Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market at Cheonggyecheon Stream hosts various fun events simultaneously including successful past events.View of Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market at BanpoView of Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market at Cheonggye
Bukchon Culture Day is a series of cultural activities held every Saturday at three public hanok buildings in Bukchon, Jongno-gu (Bukchon Traditional Cultural Center, Hanok Support Center and Bukchon Village Library) as part of the development of cultural programs that reflect the unique location and historicity of Bukchon.Inquiries: Bukchon Traditional Cultural Center (82-2-741-1033), Bukchon Village Library (82-2-765-1373)Website: Seoul Hanok Portal (http://hanok.seoul.go.kr)
Baek Injes House in Bukchon Hanok Village opens at night on Fridays and Saturdays until the end of August 2017. As many tourists have difficulty visiting the house during the day due to the heat wave, the house will extend its opening hours during the summer. Now it will be open until 8pm on Fridays and Saturdays and admission will be accepted until 7:40pm.Baek Injes House is a modern hanok constructed in 1913 and designated as Folklore Cultural Heritage No. 22 of Seoul Metropolitan City. The Seoul Metropolitan Government purchased the house from the family of Baek Inje in 2009 and opened it to the public on November 18, 2015 after repair work.Baek Injes House is the first hanok in Bukchon that was opened to the public and the only hanok where visitors can enter to view the inside. Unlike traditional hanok, its sarangchae (mens quarter) and anchae (womens quarter) are connected to each other through a corridor. This modern hanok with a Japanese-style tatami room features red bricks and plenty of glass windows. Part of the anchae has a two-story structure.Visitors can choose between a Walk-in Visit and a Reserved Visit. If you make a reservation in advance, you can tour the house along with commentary by a tour guide (Four times a day during the week and six times a day during weekends 30 minutes required). Make reservations via the Reservation for Public Service website of the Seoul Metropolitan City (http://yeyak.seoul.go.kr).Address: (Gahoe-dong) 16, Bukchon-ro 7-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) conducted the 2017 Sharing City Policy Awareness Survey on-line between June 1 and 13, 2017 on 2,500 male and female subjects aged 19 and over residing in Seoul (standard deviation of 1.96%p, 95% confidence interval). Since announcing the Sharing City Seoul policy in 2012, the SMG has implemented various sharing projects including sharing cars, sharing parking lots, tool rental shops and Seoul Public Bike, Ttareungyi. The survey results revealed that the level of awareness and satisfaction regarding the sharing policies have reached a high level among Seoul citizens. 98% of respondents said that they have heard about at least one sharing policy while the awareness level on sharing policies reached 58.3%. The satisfaction rate for major policies including Ttareungyi, Sharing Car and item sharing reach 90%.The sharing project that stood out most in the survey was Seoul Public Bike, Ttareungyi. With 73.5% of the users in their twenties and thirties, the project has significantly improved citizen mobility within the city through high connectivity with subways and buses. The user satisfaction rate is high at 91.1%, the highest among all projects, making it the most beloved sharing project.The awareness level of each sharing policy was high in the order of Public Bike (93.6%) > Sharing Car (88.8%) > Parking Lot Sharing (72.8%) > Share House (70.8%) > Baby Item Sharing (70.5%). The satisfaction rate for major sharing policies was high is the order of Public Bike (91.1%) > Tool Rental Shops (89.4%) > Sharing Car and Baby Product Sharing (89.1%) > Public Facility Sharing (84.7%) > Parking Lot Sharing (80.4%).Seoul Citizens use the sharing service because of its affordable cost and economic feasibility and convenience unrestrained by time. The SMG is in the process of promoting the Share Village Trial Project so that more citizens can feel the effects of the sharing policy in daily life. The SMG also plans to continue promoting and supporting sharing companies and organizations on a regular basis so that more citizens can enjoy various sharing policies. 
The worlds largest travel information website TripAdvisor, in their list of One Thing Every Tourist Should Do in _______, listed taking the subway in Seoul while in Korea. Whats so great about the subway in Seoul? We would like to take this opportunity to introduce to you how Seoul Metro introduces examples of their satisfactory service and impressive facilities complemented by foreigners. Numerous countries benchmark the transportation card system of the Seoul Subway. The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) exported the system to many countries and cities around the world. In 2016, Seoul ranked first in the urban transportation category of the world city development evaluation conducted by a business school in Spain.  The Seoul Subway allows transfers with a single card regardless of the operating company or line and fare collection is made at once. When you have an insufficient balance due to going beyond the section you have paid for, you can immediately recharge your card at a fare machine located near the gates.Foreign tourists who heavily rely on tourist information or maps are very appreciative of the WI-FI service provided by the Seoul Subway. BBC evaluated the 4G-based WI-FI service to be the best system in the world. CNN of the United States also introduced the wireless internet service of the Seoul Subway as the best subway system in the world. One other IT service provided by the Seoul Subway that foreigners find amazing is a train destination signboard that informs users of the arrival of trains 3 to 4 stops ahead of time.88% of stations in Seoul can be accessed from platforms to exits just using an elevator. This is more than three times the rate compared to the Tube in London. Seoul Metro is in the process of installing new elevators in addition to the current 11 to further increase the installation rate of user convenience facilities.Foreigners were deeply impressed by the delicate air conditioning and heating system of Seoul Subway. New Yorker Palash Ghosh said in her article on the on-line news media International Business Times, Seoul Subway has seats covered in cloth but none of the seats are damaged. The seats are even heated in the winter.The Seoul Subway makes announcements in multiple languages so that foreigners can use the service without experiencing any discomfort. Users can select among English, Chinese, Japanese and Korean when buying a one-time pass at a transportation card machine. All trains make announcement s in Korean and English in that order and 72 major transfer stations and last stations on a line also provide announcements in Chinese and Japanese. Seoul Subway publishes a subway map for foreigners that contains English, Chinese and Japanese twice a year and places them at the information center of all 277 stations. Business Insider, an American news site, expressed interested in the state-of-the-art facilities in Seoul Subway stations in an article written in December 2015. In it, Business Insider introduced the platform safety door as a leading facility of the Seoul Subway that significantly reduces noise and accidents. The platform safety door in Seoul Subway stations was completed for installation in 2009 at all stations. The noise level was improved by 7.9% and the air conditioning and heating expenses were reduced by 36%.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will host Food Truck 100 and Global Food Festival at the Moonlight Square in Banpo Hangang Park.Food Truck 100 will be held for the second year on Sundays (Excluding August 13) between July 30 and August 20 at the Moonlight Square in Banpo Hangang Park for those who are in need of some special entertainment in the city.25 trucks from the Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market event and 25 new trucks selected through a pre-screening process will participate in the Food Truck 100 event. So, a total of 50 food trucks will gather in Banpo Hangang Park to offer delicious food that has been guaranteed for taste and hygiene.The event will also feature trucks that sell handmade products by artists including accessories and daily items to provide a chance to see one-of-a-kind handmade items. This year, card and cash payments will also be available.In case it rains, the event may be canceled. Please make inquiries on the website (http://www.foodtruck100.org) or make a phone call ( 82-2-6927-0039).Between August 13 and 15, the Global Food Festival will be held at the Moonlight Square in Banpo Hangang Park. The event is rare opportunity for people to enjoy various food trucks at the Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market and to see unique products that reflect the culture of various countries in the world.The Global Food Festival is divided into three themes for visitors to enjoy according to their taste. At the Global Food Zone, you can try various types of food, at Global Drink Zone, you can drink cool drinks, and at the Global Flea Market Zone, you can check out unique products from around the world. There will also be talk concerts and live performances at the event. The Global Food Festival will be operated between 4pm and 11pm without an admission fee.In case it rains, the event may be canceled. Please make inquiries on the website (http://greatkoreanbeerfestival.com) or make a phone call ( 82-70-7680-1115).
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will hold the Clean Hangang River campaign led and participated by citizens in order to reduce the unauthorized disposal of trash in Yeouido Hangang Park. The campaign will occur from 4pm to 8pm on August 3rd, 5th and 12th along with fun events during the Hangang Summer Festival.There are numerous civil complaints during the Hangang Summer Festival where trash disposal increases twofold. That is why the SMG will hold the Clean Hangang River campaign in 2017 with I SEOUL U.Trash bagThe Clean Hangang River campaign seeks to instill public awareness that throwing away trash is a fun and exciting experience. It is a movement to inspire self-confidence in the fact the citizens can lead the campaign to create a pleasant environment to live in.Meokkaebi, a monster that eats trash, is a creative character that attracts the attention of citizens. Citizens dispose the trash with Meokkaebi. Trash bins designed in the shape of Meokkaebi will be installed in various locations around Yeouido Hangang Park.Those who participate in the trash disposal event will receive free gifts. Meokkaebi face painting and other events will also be held during the campaign. Overview of Clean Hangang River:http://english.seoul.go.kr/mongttang-clean-hangang-river-campaign/?cat=29
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will expand the operation of goodoc, free emergency medicine lockers, to include lines 1 to 4 in addition to subway lines 5 to 8, starting on July 28, 2017.The goodoc emergency medicine locker service was installed in 35 subway stations on lines 5 to 8 starting in May 2017 and received great interest from citizens. Stations that operate the goodoc serviceThe goodoc locker service is useful when a subway user needs first aid or requires medicine or sanitary products when drugstores are not open. Users can open the locker with a publicly disclosed password and receive household medicine/first aid products such as medical band aids, medicated patches, ointments, vitamins and sanitary products including sanitary napkins and toilet paper free of charge.There will be one goodoc locker per subway station and supplies will be replenished regularly. If the supply you need is not in the locker, send a Kakao Talk message (ID: @goodoc) and we will replenish the product. Please consider the need of others and take medicine/first aid products or sanitary products only in cases of emergencies.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will create a sandy beach on Banpo Jamsugyo Bridge, a submersible bridge, between July 28 and July 30 for citizens to enjoy their summer vacation at the Hangang River. Jamsugyo Bridge was selected out of the 25 bridges built over the Hangang River due largely in part that it has the highest number of pedestrians and bikers. Traffic will be controlled during the three-day vacation period. The sandy beach created on the southern part of the bridge makes one feel like they are at a vacation spot while the water slide on the northern part of the bridge cools off the heat. Other attractions include a food court, sand art performance and dance.Sun beds and parasols are available at the sandy beach from the Moonlight Square on the south part of the bridge up to the middle of the bridge so that visitors can enjoy the cityscape. A sandy playground and wading pool have been installed for children as well. Read a book at a relaxing beach while viewing the Hangang River by borrowing a book from the specially-set up book store on the beach.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will expand the scope of application for Seoul Parking Information, an app that allows real-time spot availability check at parking lots without having to visit the location, to include private parking lots. The Seoul Parking Information app is a smartphone application provided by the SMG since February 2014 that checks the status of parking lots in Seoul anytime. Parking Cloud, a privately-owned company, provides real-time parking status information of private parking lots in Seoul to Seoul Parking Information and manages the system, and in return, the SMG offers a 10% discount under the Traffic Congestion Fine to parking lots that volunteer their information. Allotment to Traffic Congestion Causing: A system that imposes an allotment to traffic congestion causing to owners of facilities that exceed a certain size and cause traffic congestion as a means to improve urban traffic. The allotment to traffic congestion causing is reduced when the facility owner participates in a traffic reduction program.The newly expanded Seoul Parking Information app will provide more comprehensive information to users including information on private parking lots in addition to public parking lots.The SMG is expecting successful implementation and an increase in resident parking convenience from the expanded service including efficient use of existing parking space, reduction in the circling time for parking and prevention of illegal parking. The expanded real-time parking information service will start trial-operation in September 2017 and become available to the public starting in November.
KARD, a co-ed group that has taken international music charts by storm, was appointed as Seoul Global Ambassadors on July 24, 2017. KARD will be promoting the Seoul Brand ISEOULU and the city of Seoul to the world until June 2018.KARD will participate in various global activities to enhance the image of Seoul including dispersion of the I SEOUL U brand hosted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG), participation in promotional events for the Seoul Brand in various cities and filming of a promotional video. The SMG and KARD first met at the pre-promotional video filming for Seoullo 2017, which opened on May 20, 2017. KARD released a dynamic choreography video of its third project RUMOR in collaboration with the SMG at Platform 61 and Seoullo 7017. The video was a great hit, recording 7.3 million views on YouTube. The SMG is preparing for the operation of the Seoul PR booth in So Paulo on Korean Culture Day, which it will host in celebration of the 40th anniversary of the Seoul-So Paulo Sister City relationship. The SMG hopes to operate an Augmented Reality Zone in the booth. To that end, the SMG presented the group with letter of appointments and the members of KARD took a picture in front of the AR equipment along with Mayor Park Won-soon. When a So Paulo resident takes a picture at the AR zone, Seoul Mayor and KARD will also appear in the photo.KARD released its first album Hola Hola on July 19, 2017. Their title song Hola Hola was ranked high on iTunes charts in 31 countries. Members of KARD said, We are honored to be appointed as ambassadors to the Seoul brand ISEOULU to promote Seoul to other countries. They added, We will do our best to introduce ISEOULU to the world.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is providing a wide range of programs for the hot summer. Forget the heat and enjoy a special summer vacation in Seoul.Namsangol Hanok Village provides Namsangol Vacance from July 19 (Wednesday) to August 31 (Thursday). Enjoy a variety of summer seasonal events in hanok.Pil-dong, where Namsangol Hanok Village is situated, is known as a summer vacation spot where Korean ancestors used to stay to avoid the heat of the summer and enjoy the beautiful natural landscape and cool weather. Namsangol Vacance introduces how Korean ancestors enjoyed the summer and provides an interesting new experience to both Koreans and foreign visitors to Namsangol Hanok Village.Its signature program is Osu (napping).
In the Hanok Comic Rental Shop, visitors can escape the heat with traditional Korean beverages.Recently, napping cafes, coffee naps, and book & comic book cafes are becoming popular. In Namsangol Vacance, visitors can enjoy such items in traditional hanoks during the summer.
Six campgrounds (Hoengseong, Pocheon, Jecheon, Cheorwon, Seocheon, and Hampyeong) provide various eco-friendly family programs such as Purification Plant Pot Making, Grape Jam Making, and Natural Face Mist Making at least once a week from July to October.
All campgrounds are located in beautiful rural areas and a family of four can rent all the necessary camping gear which include a tent, table, and brazier at 25,000 won per night. The campgrounds are very popular and usually fully booked during the summer vacation and weekends.
Seoullo 7017, Koreas first overpass walkway, has become a new summer vacation spot downtown. The Seoul Metropolitan Government is holding the 2017 Seoullo Summer Festival  Seoullo go from July 21 (Friday) to 30 (Sunday) in which it provides a wide range of summer events and programs.
Participants start from Malli-dong Plaza and walk through the overpass, completing several missions relating to plants, facilities, and historical and cultural heritages of Seoullo. Missions such as Take a Picture of the Seoul City Wall, Find a View of Namdaemun Church, and Seoullo Quiz are newly assigned daily. Participants who complete each mission are provided with a Seoullo Plant Badge. The final goal is to collect 10 badges in total.
 Performances: Folk dance and music performances of various countries such as Hula of Hawaii, Brazilian Performance, Korean Traditional Fusion Band, and Classic Septet are provided on July 21 (Friday), 22 (Saturday), and from 25 (Tuesday) to 29 (Saturday). On the 23rd (Sunday), visitors can enjoy a movie.
Six campgrounds (Hoengseong, Pocheon, Jecheon, Cheorwon, Seocheon, and Hampyeong) provide various eco-friendly family programs such as Purification Plant Pot Making, Grape Jam Making, and Natural Face Mist Making at least once a week from July to October.
Through these eco-friendly family programs, visitors can make items using ingredients they can easily get in their daily lives, learn how to cook local dishes with local specialties, or enjoy various farm village programs.
As the space and ingredients are limited, spots are available on a first-come, first-served basis.In particular, the campgrounds provide the programs two to three times a week even on weekdays during the summer vacation season from July 24 to August 30.Since 2013, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has been operating family campgrounds in abolished schools of other cities so that citizens can get away from the city and enjoy the beauty of nature.
All campgrounds are located in beautiful rural areas and a family of four can rent all the necessary camping gear which include a tent, table, and brazier at 25,000 won per night. The campgrounds are very popular and usually fully booked during the summer vacation and weekends.
Cheorwon Pyeonghwa Village CampgroundCampgrounds have amenities including shower facilities, kitchens, parking lots, cafeterias as well as various attractions such as ping-pong tables, go class, vegetable gardens, enzyme making, and mini zoo/botanical gardens.You can book a campsite via the Seoul Public Service Reservation System (http://yeyak.seoul.go.kr The schedule is subject to change, depending on the weather or other circumstances.Seoullo 7017, Koreas first overpass walkway, has become a new summer vacation spot downtown. The Seoul Metropolitan Government is holding the 2017 Seoullo Summer Festival  Seoullo go from July 21 (Friday) to 30 (Sunday) in which it provides a wide range of summer events and programs.Participants start from Malli-dong Plaza and walk through the overpass, completing several missions relating to plants, facilities, and historical and cultural heritages of Seoullo. Missions such as Take a Picture of the Seoul City Wall, Find a View of Namdaemun Church, and Seoullo Quiz are newly assigned daily. Participants who complete each mission are provided with a Seoullo Plant Badge. The final goal is to collect 10 badges in total. Swimming: Kids can enjoy swimming safely in an above-ground pool. In addition, they can read about 100 books about swimming or play with water guns. You dont have to get away from the city for your childs summer vacation.
 Performances: Folk dance and music performances of various countries such as Hula of Hawaii, Brazilian Performance, Korean Traditional Fusion Band, and Classic Septet are provided on July 21 (Friday), 22 (Saturday), and from 25 (Tuesday) to 29 (Saturday). On the 23rd (Sunday), visitors can enjoy a movie.
 Others: Solving Box Mazes, Human-sized Jenga, and Building DominoesAbolished or useless botanical books were made into pop-up books and are put on exhibition for 10 days.Marionette show experts present a new marionette show with ball-jointed dolls. You can see this amazing show right in front of the stage at Ivy Theater.
The Seoul Metropolitan Governments Visiting Community Service Center business welcomes its third anniversary this year. The most noticeable change made in the third stage of the business is that all Seoul citizens are assigned a dedicated civil officer. All citizens can ask questions to the dedicated civil officer when they need to use welfare services or receive consultation on using administrative services. Enter your home address on the SMGs welfare website (http://wis.seoul.go.kr) starting on August 2017 to find out who your dedicated officer is. In celebration of the third anniversary of the Visiting Community Service Center, the SMG came up with seven sustainable development tasks. Now that the SMG has established ways to handle the seven tasks by the end of July 2017, it plans to focus on practicing these methods to settle the practice of Visiting Community Service Centers in Seoul during the second half of the year. The seven tasks are:  Refinement of the mid-to-long term vision and stage-by-stage strategy,  Establishment of the business model for Visiting Community Service Center,  Defining the autonomous nature of the autonomous districts and the basic area of the Visiting Community Service Center,  Clarification of the Visiting Community Service Centers promotion system in Seouls autonomous districts,  Innovation of the public-private cooperation system for the Visiting Community Service Center,  Establish methods to improve the manpower and capacity of the workforce in the Visiting Community Service Center, and  Sustainable monitoring and establishment of a management structure. Since the launch of the Visiting Community Service Center, Neighborhood Officers, welfare planners and visiting nurses assigned to each dong-unit visited detention centers, mental institutions, funeral halls and local centers for dementia. As a result, the number of welfare recipients for each dedicated welfare officer reduced to less than half compared to before the implementation of the Visiting Community Service Center from 289 to 126. In the past year (July 2016  June 2017), there has been a great deal of positive changes in the welfare scene. As employees communicated with residents and became more aware of the local condition, 64,942 families that were previously in the welfare blind spot were identified. In particular, the SMG provided poor households with an emergency living subsidy of KRW 22.9 billion.To 81,030 senior households and 15,145 low birth families, the main support targets of the Visiting Community Service Center, the SMG has provided health and welfare services through visitation.Inquiries: Local Autonomy Administration Division 02-2133-5836
The area in front of Hanyang University in Seongdong-gu was remodeled into Hanyang University Youth Street and was open to the public on July 18, 2017. The remodeling is significant in that it creates a safe and comfortable pedestrian environment in the Hanyang University and Wangsimni Station area with a large floating population volume. The Hanyang University Youth Street was formed between Majo-ro 1-gil and Majo-ro 19-gil, Seongdong-gu encompassing an area over 58,230 m as part of the community-centered pedestrian street project.To ensure pedestrian safety, the entire street has a reduced speed limit of 30 kilometers per hour. The road by Majo-ro 19-gil, which can be accessed from Exit 6 of Wangsimni Station, has been reduced from three to two lanes and the width of the pedestrian road has been expanded to 5.3 meters.The revampment of the roads by Majo-ro 2-gil and Majo-ro 3ga-gil became more pedestrian-friendly and LED security lights and closed circuit surveillance cameras were installed to make sure that pedestrians walk around safely at night.To provide further animation to the youth street, the SMG also installed 16 trick art displays and a new plaza, Ssamzie Plaza. The venue is expected to become a new landmark of the urban area frequently visited by the citizens of Seoul.
The Sampyo Ready-mixed Concrete Factory in Seongsu-dong will be relocated and the current site will be demolished on July 2022, 45 years  after its opening in 1977. The 27,828 m2 property on which the factory is built will become a park, realizing the completion of the original plan for the Seoul Forest. At the initial stage of planning, the Seoul Forest was conceived to encompass an area of 610,000 m2. Due to the failure to include the Sampyo Ready-mixed Concrete Factory site, however, the forest shrank to 2/3 of its original area.The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) plans to establish and announce a detailed plan for turning the factory site into a park by the end of 2017. In order to create a space that will play an important role in shaping the future of Seoul, the SMG will establish a comprehensive aerial plan that incorporates the surrounding facilities and sites that are not being well-utilized.The Sampyo Ready-mixed Concrete Factory site, which was considered for utilization a number of times, somehow never made past the discussion stage. In 1998, it was considered as the relocation site of the new SMG building and in 2004, there was a failed attempt to include the site in the Seoul Forest. 
The 2017 Hangang Summer Festivals, a leading event of the summer in Seoul, is back for another fun season. This year, the event will be comprised of 80 programs at 11 Hangang parks. Starting with the opening ceremony on July 21 at Banpo Hangang Park, the events will continued for a month until August 20.This year, 80 programs will be offered under the three themes of Rediscovering Hangang. The three themes include  Cool Hangang (playing in water, water sports),  Inspiring Hangang (performances, viewing, passion) and  Together Hangang (nature, ecosystem, rest).In celebration of the fifth anniversary of the festivals, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) recommended 17 new and popular programs that people should visit among the 2017 Hangang Summer Festivals. They are:  Cardboard Boat Race,  Water Fight Festival,  Hangang Bike Tour,  Under the Bridge Film Festival,  Hangang Jazz Festival,  Fire Festival Korea,  Under the Bridge Used Book Festival,  Hangang Summer Campground,  Hangang Night Walk 42k,  Hangang Food Truck 100,  Water Sports Center,  2018 Pyeongchang Village,  Heart Beat Festival,  Jamsugyo Bridge Vacation  Sounce Parade & Water War,  Global Food Festival and  Hangang Rickshaw Tour.At the opening ceremony which will be held at 8pm on July 21 at the Sebitseom area in Banpo Hangang Park, over 100 citizens will take part in large scale dance performances and orchestra performance by the blind. After the announcement of the opening of the event, a media art performance and fireworks under the theme of fire goblins will wrap up the opening ceremony.View details of the 2017 Hangang Summer Festivals: http://english.seoul.go.kr/life-information/culture/festivals-seoul-2/2017-hangang-river-summer-festivals/
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) announced 33 policy changes that will start in the second half of 2017 in five areas and disclosed them on-line under the title of Changes to life in Seoul in the second half of 2017. The five areas are  Welfare/Women (9 policies),  Safety/Transportation  (9 policies),  Economy/Culture (8 policies),  Greenspace/Environment (3 policies) and  Administration (4 policies).In the Welfare/Women area, various policies that consider the needs of seniors, children, the disable, families of the deceased and pets will be implemented. In the Safety/Transportation area, following the opening of Seoullo 7017, various policies will be implemented to realize Pedestrian City Seoul. In the Economy/Culture area, building facilities and organizing festivals for citizens to visit such as the completion of the Sewoon Shopping Center Regeneration Project Stage 1 (Jongmyo  Daerim Shopping Center) and the hosting of the 2017 Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism will be implemented. In the Greenspace/Environment area, industrial assets, sewage facilities and military facilities will be transformed into culture spaces and will be prepared for opening. In the Administration area, various policies that will affect peoples daily lives will be launched. View changes made to Seoul for the second half of 2017 (Korean): http://ebook.seoul.go.kr
Seoul Public Bike, Ttareungyi which the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) has recently expanded for operation, will become even easier to use in the future. Starting in the afternoon of July 7, 2017, users can visit the Ttareungyi website (www.bikeseoul.com) and purchase a non-member pass to use the public bike by making a simple on-line payment (mobile phone micro payment, credit card payment) without going through an authentication procedure, sign up or make a deposit. Non-members and foreign tourists can only use a one-day pass (1 hour, 2 hours).The operation of Ttareungyi will be stopped temporarily between 12:00pm July 5 until 12:00pm July 7, 2017 to change the user program and significantly simplify the use procedure for non-members and foreign tourists. To minimize user inconvenience, the SMG will make an announcement on the Ttareungyi website, put up notices at all rental sites and text (twice) all season pass holders. The expiration date for season pass will be automatically extended for two days.All users are recommended to return bikes by 12:00pm July 5, 2017 since rentals and returns are prohibited during the time of the temporary suspension. During the suspension period, users will not be able to access the website or application. If you have any inquiries, please contact the Ttareungyi Call Center (1599-0120, hours of operation 07:00~22:00).Use procedure for non-members and foreigners (Starting at 12:00pm on July 7, 2017)1. Purchase a passVisit the Ttareungyi website on your PC or mobile phone www.bikeseoul.comClick on the Pass purchase button -> Select a pass (1 hour, 2 hours) -> Payment -> Confirm the rental number (8 digits)
2. Select a bike and enter the rental number (First press the home button on the terminal.)3. Rental  Detach the lock from the terminalPull the lock on the right side of the terminal as shown in the picture within 10 seconds.4. Return  Return at any rental stationPlace the bike on a docking station  Attach the connecting device to the terminal (Push in the opposite direction of when you pulled out the bike)
A meaningful monument was constructed by the main gate of Seoul Park in Tashkent, the capital of Uzbekistan. The monument honors the Goryeo people who immigrated to Uzbekistan 80 years ago and settled in the country after experiencing numerous hardships. In 1937, over 170,000 Goryeo people were forced to relocate to Central Asia by the Soviets. Currently, over 180,000 Goryeo people are residing in Uzbekistan, the majority among the 500,000 Goryeo people living in Central Asia.On the monument is an inscription that reads: We are deeply grateful to the people of Uzbekistan who welcomed the Goryeo people in celebration of the 80th anniversary of their immigration in Korean, Uzbek and Russian.On July 3, 2017, the unveiling ceremony for the Monument in Celebration of the 80th Anniversary of Goryeo People Moving to Uzbekistan was held in Tashkent. Over 100 guests, including Mayor Park Won-soon of Seoul and Mayor Rakhmonbek Usmanov of Tashkent graced the occasion with their presence.Mayor Park expressed his appreciation for the people of Goryeo who settled in Uzbekistan despite numerous hardships and thanked the people of Uzbekistan who helped the people of Goryeo settle in their country.Afterwards, Mayor Park met up with Mayor Rakhmonbek Usmanov of Tashkent and signed an agreement to strengthen the cooperative efforts between Seoul and Tashkent. He then met with President Shavkat Mirinivich Mirziyoyev of Uzbekistan and agreed to expand the scope of exchange between Korea and Uzbekistan.The Seoul Metropolitan Government, meanwhile, hosted a Policy Sharing Forum in Tashkent between July 3 and 4 to introduce outstanding policies in the areas of e-Government, transportation, public administrative services and sought ways to expand the sales route in Eurasia alongside nine other small and medium businesses.
The fourth general assembly for the World e-Governments Organization was held between June 27 and June 30 in Ulyanovsk, Russia attended by 350 people from 110 cities. Seouls most up-to-date SMART City technology developed by startups, large enterprises and public organizations was introduced to the world. Mayor Park demonstrated how to operate the first Digital Civic Mayors Office in the world at the assembly, introducing our technological prowess and paving the way to export our outstanding technology to the world. At the round table, in which mayors and executives from 60 cities participated in, Mayor Park introduced the Bukchon IoT Trial Area (50 locations planned to be installed by 2020), where the IoT technology developed by private enterprises will be applied to urban problems such as parking and waste disposal to address those issues. E Cube Labs, a startup that took part in the project, presented the Smart Trash Can.As the Chair of WeGO, Mayor Park Won-soon presided over the general assembly held under the theme of Smart Sustainable Cities for All on the 28th and 29th and stressed the implementation of fast-developing digital technology to address urban problems through cooperation between cities.Mayor Park said, WeGO has developed into a leading international organization in the field of e-government with 120 member cities and organizations that forms partner relationships with UN and the World Bank since starting out in 2010 with just 50 member cities. He added, As a digital pioneer ranked top in the World City e-Government evaluation for the seventh year in a row, the SMG will do its best to lead and support various causes to accomplish UNs sustainable development goals and the goals faced by world cities and contribute to the improvement of the quality of life through the digital technology developed by startups, private enterprises and public organizations.
This is a campground situated on natural grass located at the upper part of Noeul Park inside the World Cup Park. It is equipped with four water fountains, three restrooms and four shower stalls as well as grills and tables for family groups to use conveniently. World Cup Park website (Korean):http://parks.seoul.go.kr/template/sub/worldcuppark.doReservation: Reservation begins on a first-come-first-served basis at 2pm on the 15th of each month for reservations for the following month.Transportation: World Cup Stadium Station (Line 6)This is an open space campground where you can enjoy the clean water that flows out of Cheonggyesan Mountain and the fresh air of the thick forest while camping, cooking or enjoying a picnic.Fee: Admission to Seoul Grand Park Facility feeTransportation: Exit 2 of Seoul Grand Park Station (Line 4) > Main Gate of Seoul Land > National Museum of Contemporary Art > Seoul Grand Park CampsiteReservation (English): http://grandpark.seoul.go.kr/eng_grand/camping/reserv/reserv01.jspHangang Summer Campground is the main program of the 2017 Hangang Summer Festival. The 2017 Hangang Summer Campground will be in operation between July 7 and August 20. A total of 430 units will be operated in the three sites 200 in Yeouido, 130 in Ttukseom and 100 in Jamwon. The Hangang Summer Campground provides installed tents, eliminating the need to carry around heavy equipment. It is a perfect place for novice campers who do not have any camping equipment or tent-building experience to take advantage of.Transportation: Jamwon Campground (Exit 1 of Apgujeong Station (Line 3))Yeouido Campground (Exit 2 & 3 of Yeouinaru Station (Line 5))Ttukseom Campground (Exit 2 & 3 of Ttukseom Resort Station (Line 7))Reservation (Korean): http://www.hancamp.co.kr/page/sub6_1Fee for 1 tent unit: 25,000 won on weekends (Fri/Sat/Sun) and holidays
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will provide 15,000 Houses for People in Their 20s and 30s near Subway Stations by the end of 2017.The Subway Station 2030 Housing project will provide young people in their 20s and 30s a chance to live in a house near subway stations. The SMG is providing certain benefits to private businesses such as implementation of a relaxed floor area ratio regulation and building public and private rental housing for young people to live in at an affordable price. The Korean government selected the SMGs Subway Station 2030 Housing project as a national policy on June 26, 2017. As such, the SMG will rent out 10 to 25% of the rental housing to young people at 60 to 80% of the market price in order to exceed the original goal.The SMG will expand upon security deposit and monthly rent support so that those who take part in the Subway Station 2030 Housing project and have a monthly average income of less than 1.21 million won (50% of the monthly average income in 2016) will pay less than 200,000 won for rent.The Subway Station 2030 Housing buildings will also have various community facilities such as a startup support center, education facility and gym in addition to residential areas.The project is a good way to increase the number of rental housing at a lower cost than building public rental housing and is also expected to encourage the spread of social mixing in the mid-to-long term. The SMG will expand the number of houses to 50,000 units by 2019 through additional improvements to the system.
The 4th General Assembly of WeGo, for which Seoul is currently serving as the Chair City, will be held in Ulyanovsk, Russia from June 27 to June 30. WeGO (World e-Governments Organization of Cities and Local Governments) is an international intercity organization that works to realize sustainable urban development and reduce the intercity information capacity gap through cooperation with e-governments and smart cities as well as digital capacity reinforcement.In addition to the general assembly, 10 forums and sessions will be held under separate themes. Cities and companies will present their policies and cases in each forum/session so that participating cities have an opportunity to benchmark outstanding e-government and smart city models to create a perfect digital policy and solution for their own cities.Out of the 10 sessions, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will present in the third session under the title of Seoul IoT Project: Resolving urban challenges of Seoul through private-public partnership. The presentation will explain the formation of the 2015 Bukchon IoT Trial Area and introduce the IoT Living Lab City in which the government will form 50 demonstration areas by 2020 to solve urban problems with private companies and citizens.View the WEGO General Assembly Overview (ENG): 
Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon will tour Eurasia for the first time since his appointment from June 26 until July 4. The mayor will tour three cities in Russia (Moscow,  Ulyanovsk and Saint Petersburg) as well as Tashkent, Uzbekistan (Tashkent is the capital of Uzbekistan, worded weirdly) over 9 days. Through the visit to Eurasia, Mayor Park will extend the scope of Seouls city diplomacy one step further and contribute to the strategic mutual development between Korea and Russia as well as Korea and Uzbekistan through a practical city diplomatic policy of sharing outstanding policies, etc. At the first city Moscow, Mayor Park will give a keynote speech under the title of Korea-Russia Relationship in the Era of Peaceful Economy in Northeast Asia through the invitation of the global think-tank RIAC (Russian International Affairs Council). He will then meet up with Mayor Sobyanin Sergey of Moscow, a sister city of Seoul for over the past 26 years, to sign an agreement that will upgrade the sister city relationship agenda in the areas of climate change response, pedestrian-friendly city and e-Government. At Ulyanovsk, Mayor Park will attend the fourth WeGo General Assembly (June 27  30) as the chairman where 350 representatives from over 110 cities will participate between June 28 and 29 to preside over the meeting and lead the voting on eight major agenda items such as selecting the next chair city and the host of the next general assembly.Lastly, Mayor Park will visit Tashkent, the capital of Uzbekistan. Tashkent was a friendship city in 2006 and was upgraded into a sister city in 2010. This is the first time that a Mayor of Seoul has visited the city.Mayor Park said, In line with the various changes in the governments diplomatic policies, Seoul will seek strategic mutual development and contribute to the peace and prosperity in Northeast Asia through practical city diplomacy that resolves the common problems faced by cities all around the world. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will implement the Seoul Infrastructure Next 100-Year Project to prepare for the next century in the era of threatened safety and financial difficulties due to the rapid increase of aged city infrastructure. The SMG will change the current facility management technique which focuses on short-term maintenance and post management to preemptive mid- to long-term response in preparation for the future in order to create a safe city and guarantee long-term economic stability.More specifically, the facility maintenance system, which had been operated independently for each facility will be integrated under the leadership of the safety control headquarters as the control tower. The control tower will establish a big data database of management details, predict the best time for maintenance and reinforcement for each facility based on this data and invest money at the right time. This model can also be called the future-predicting model. The SMG is expected to save KRW 828.7 billion (34%) of the citys budget on bridges by 2030. The Seoul Infrastructure Next 100-Year Project can be divided into the four areas of  forming a foundation for preemptive maintenance,  advancement of preemptive maintenance technology,  setting of comprehensive investment priority and securing funds and  establishing a cooperative system. To do so, first, the SMG will make it mandatory to write a Condition Report for facilities (bridges, tunnels, water supply and drainage systems) that are 30-year or older and update the information every five years. Second, technology advancement will be pursued through the use of the latest ICT technology such as big data analysis. A facility management information database will be established by the first half of 2018, utilized to predict and analyze the change in condition and maintenance cost for each facility, and lead to the development of a future-predicting model that calculates the best time for maintenance and reinforcement.Third, to effectively secure funds, the SMG will come up with a mid- to long-term investment plan by July 2017. As there will be initial investment costs involved before saving budget costs in the long term, the government will subsidize the initial cost.Lastly, a system of cooperation will be established between the central government, citizens and experts and related organizations to maximize the effects of urban infrastructure maintenance. Since aging facilities are a phenomenon of national concern, the city government will actively propose financial and systematic support from the central government.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will install and operate four Squirrel Bus routes starting June 26, 2017 in areas with high volume of commuters and high traffic congestion.Squirrel Buses are customized rush hour buses that go back and forth between sections with extreme congestion. They operate on short sections with few buses, and is the citys response to the citizens demand for less congestion and need for efficient bus operation.The four routes that will be on trial operation starting on June 26 include buses 8761 (Gwangheungchang Station  National Assembly), 8771 (Gusan Middle School  Nokbeon Station), 8551 (Bongcheong Station  Noryangjin Station) and 8331 (Macheon Intersection  Jamsil).Once the Squirrel Buses begin their operation, bus intervals are expected to reduce by 3 to 4 minutes on average for congested sections by operating buses between congested areas. Congested route buses that are operating in the customized bus section include buses 153 (Gwangheungchang Station  National Assembly Station), 702A & 702B (Gusan Middle School  Nokbeon Station), 500, 5535 (Bongcheong Station  Noryangjin Station) and 3315 (Macheon Intersection  Jamsil). They operate on intervals of 6 to 8 minutes. Once the Squirrel Buses are in operation, the waiting time for buses during rush hour is expected to reduce to 3 to 4 minutes. Trial routes will be operated for two hours on weekdays. Congestion relief conditions and the citizen response to the Squirrel Bus implementation will be monitored to determine the feasibility of expanded operations of the buses including operations after office hours and operations in other areas.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government began operation of the Digital Civic Mayors Office for the first time in the world.The greatest thing about the digital civic mayors office is the large screen size measuring 3.63m lengthwise and 1.67m heightwise that has been installed in the Mayors office on the sixth floor of the Seoul Metropolitan Government Building on June 20, 2017. By looking at the screen, Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon can view the general conditions of Seoul including statistical information on fires and other disasters, traffic conditions and civil complaints. Accidents and disasters that occur in the city can be identified in real time by pressing the screen with the hand or making voice commands and staff members on site can be contacted directly to make orders. The screen also displays statistic closely related to peoples daily lives including the air pollution index, water quality and market indices while also exhibiting peoples opinions that came in through the civic complaint channel.The Seoul Metropolitan Government collects administrative big data that includes over 10 million cases in 167 systems, CCTV images from 800 cameras in downtown Seoul and data from civic complaint channels for the operation of the digital civic mayors office.
Seoullo 7017, the Seoul Station overpass-turned into a pedestrian walkway, welcomed its one month anniversary on June 19, 2017.Over 2.03 million people visited Seoullo 7017 thus far. Ten million people are expected to visit the site by the end of 2017. Seoullo 7017 is quickly becoming a new landmark of Seoul City.On average, 90,000 people visit Seoullo 7017 daily on weekends, 40,000 on weekdays and on Fridays, there are over 50,000 visitors.People visit because there are many fun attractions to enjoy between walkways. There are 645 flower pots along the walkways with 228 species of flowers and plants including water lilies, roses of Sharon and roses. Other fun attractions include Bangbang Playground, foot bath tubs and peeping pots.During lunch hour and after work hours, bearing the brunt of 35% of all visitors, the SMG also operates cultural programs including board game cafes and art consulting centers. All visitors can participate without making a reservation.Tour guides at Seoullo Information Center and Travelers Caf offer their services in six different languages to foreign tourists including location of facilities, programs and events.
"Foreign residents residing in Seoul will receive expanded medical services including a more expansive range of free dental treatments. The Southwest Global Center in Seoul will expand its service hours for dental treatments to foreign residents who are in a medically underserved group. Dental services, which used to be offered on Sundays only, will be offered on weekday evenings as well. Starting in June 2017, dental services will be offered three times a week on Tuesdays, Fridays and Sundays. The center will provide dental treatment for extractions, cavity treatment and nerve treatment to foreign residents aged 10 or above who are not eligible for health insurance benefits. Treatments (Sunday 14:00~17:00, Tuesday & Friday 19:30~21:00) are only available through reservation.The Southwest Global Center also provides medical services to foreign residents in the areas of internal medicine, rehabilitation and oriental medicine. Patients for the above areas can receive treatment on a first-come-first-serve basis as walk-ins (Limited to those who arrive by 4pm on Sundays).For foreign residents who are unable to communicate in Korean, interpreters are available in eight languages including Chinese, English, Thai, Urdu, Filipino, Uzbek, Mongolian and Nepali.	 Treatment Detail: Website of Southwest Global Center (www.swsgc.co.kr)  Inquiries & Reservation: 82-2-2632-9933 Location: 40, Dosin-ro, Yeongdeungpo-gu, Seoul, Republic of Korea Public Transportation: Exit 2 or 3 at Sindorim Station (Line 2)  (Village Bus) Yeongdeungpo 09, 12 or 13  Arrive at Hyundai 3-cha Seongwon Apartment"
The Seoul Metropolitan Government confers honorary citizenship upon international residents in Seoul in recognition of their contributions to the city and the local community, including being a role model to Seoul citizens as well as other foreign residents. 2017 Notice of Recommendation for Honorary Citizenship
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will operate outdoor swimming pools and water parks at Ttukseom, Yeouido, Gwangnaru, Mangwon, Jamsil, Jamwon, Nanji and Yanghwa between June 23 and August 27.Each swimming pool at the Hangang River is located in the heart of the city. Visitors can enjoy swimming while enjoying a great view of the river and take advantage of adult pools, teen pools, and kiddie pools while also using auxiliary facilities including shower facilities and a cafeteria.This year, the SMG will also offer a free shuttle service between the outdoor swimming pools at Gwangnaru and Jamsil every 30 minutes.
"	The outdoor swimming pools at the Hangang River will be open from 9am to 7pm every day during the summer season. Admission for swimming pools is 5,000 won for adults, 4,000 won for teenagers, 3,000 for children aged six or above, and free for children under six. Admission for water parks is 3,000 won for adults, 2,000 won for teenagers, and 1,000 won for children. Pool visitors are eligible to receive a 50% discount for parking. The opening of the pools at Yeouido, Jamwon and Yangwha will be delayed until early July. The five pools at Gwangnaru, Mangwon, Ttukseom, Jamsil and Nanji will open as scheduled on June 23."
The Seoul Metropolitan City will be holding the Summer Festival 2017 for all to enjoy summer in the heart of Seoul. From the Hangang Summer Festival, Koreas largest riverside festival, Sinchon Water Gun Festival, offering the excitement to take part in an epic water gun battle in the city and Seoul Culture Night, a dreamlike cultural experience on a summer night organized under the theme of cultural vacation in Seoul, to Seoul Opera Festival, Chungmuro International Musical Film Festival and Seoul International Harmonica Festival, an array of colorful programs await citizens. In June, the Opera Festival 2017 will be held from the 20th to the 30th at the special outdoor stage in Cheonho Park and Gangdong Art Center. In addition to the Grand Gala Concert, which will be held at the outdoor stage in Cheonho Park, a number of opera performances will be presented. On June 18, the Cheonggyecheon Urban Forest Art Festival will be held in the area around Cheonggyecheon, the only natural space in downtown Seoul. Around 50 teams of street artists will stage performances along with a number of experience programs and collaborative performances. The Hangang Summer Festival, which is visited by over 10 million citizens each year, will be held for one month from July 21 to August 20 around Hangang Park to offer the citizens of Seoul an opportunity to enjoy a cool summer vacation. During this period, the outdoor swimming pools in Hangang Park will be opened and Koreas largest cultural festival will be held with a wide range of colorful programs from aquatic sports and camping at the Hangang Summer Camping Site to the Street Performance Festival. The Sinchon Water Gun Festival will once again be held this year on Yonsei-ro, a pedestrian-only road, in Sinchon for two days on the 8th and 9th of July, transforming the streets of Sinchon into a vacation site in the heart of the city. Designed under the concept of aliens crash-landed in Sinchon and earthlings fighting them, this years festival will commence following a declaration of war on a large spaceship-shaped stage installed at the center of Yonsei-ro. In addition to the outdoor festival, a variety of programs will be held at indoor cultural spaces. From July 22 to 30, the Chungmuro International Musical Film Festival will be held at the cultural spaces around Jung-gu, including Chungmu Arts Center, DDP, CGV Myeong-dong Station Cine Library and Megabox Dongdaemun. Through the integration of two genres, musicals and film, a variety of programs will be offered along with a showcase of new films from around the world that are related to musicals and performing arts, a sing-along event for the audience to enjoy singing along with a chorus and a musical film production support project with mentors. From the 3rd to the 6th of August, the Seoul International Harmonica Festival will beat the summer heat by providing high-quality performances. This year, in particular, Lee Oskar and Friends starring Lee Oskar, a harmonica performer popular among Koreans, will be staged as the opening concert. In addition, Pyeongchang Cultural Olympiad Performance, a gala concert with free admission and a master class of internationally renowned performers will be presented.  In the evenings on the 11th, 12th and 13th of August, Seoul Culture Night offering participants an opportunity to enjoy the special charm of the night in Seoul will be held at Seoul Plaza and Gwanghwamun Square. This years event held under the theme of cultural vacation in Seoul will help boost the excitement felt by citizens on pleasant summer nights by offering a range of cultural and entertaining contents, such as Midsummer Nights Concert with Harmony of Music and Light (Seoul Square) and World Music Vacation (Seoul Square). 
The Seoul Metropolitan Governments Car-Sharing Service received a Certificate of Recognition at the worlds biggest public transport event.The 62nd UITP Global Public Transport Summit  was held from May 15, 2017 to May 17, 2017. The SMGs Car-Sharing Service was awarded a Certificate of Recognition in Ambitious & Innovative Mobility Projects at the Asia-Pacific Montreal Global Public Transport Summit 2017 along with five other cities and institutions.This is the fourth award which the SMG has received since joining the International Association of Public Transport (Union internationale des transports publics, UITP) in 2005, with past awards being received in 2006, 2009, and 2011. The UITP rated SMGs Car-Sharing Service highly because anyone can easily use this IT-based service using their transportation cards and the service was established with the private sectors technology and the SMGs administration.With the Car-Sharing Service, citizens of Seoul can use the sharing car to drive anywhere at anytime when needed. The service was launched in February 2013 and presently about 1,550,000 citizens are using the service.
The 4th WeGO General Assembly is a triennial international assembly of high-level officials, from Mayors to Chief Information Officers, to celebrate their achievements in e-Government and Smart City initiatives as well as to convene on key agenda of WeGO. With the successful completion of the 1st WeGO General Assembly in Seoul, Korea(2010), the 2nd in Barcelona, Spain(2012), and the 3rd in Chengdu, China(2014), WeGO warmly invites members and non-member cities alike interested in e-Government, ICT, and Smart Cities to the 4th WeGO General Assembly in the Ulyanovsk Region, Russia! (http://www.wego2017.org) 
On June 12, 2017, Her Royal Highness Princess Astrid of Belgium was crowned as an honorary citizen of Seoul.  Seoul Metropolitan City confers the title of honorary citizen to foreigners who are credited with having contributed to the government administration or are distinguished foreign guests to the city. Prior to the Princess of Belgium, the President of Mongolia, the President of Indonesia, the President of Costa Rica and the Prime Minister of the Netherlands were named as honorary citizens of Seoul. HRH Princess Astrid of Belgium is on a tour of Korea from June 10 to June 17, 2017 leading an economic mission with a record number of approximately 250 delegates. She first visited the government of Seoul Metropolitan City during her tour in Korea. On June 12, 2017, Seoul Metropolitan City signed a partnership agreement with the Brussels-Capital Region and discussed plans for improving exchanges between the countries. The agreement is expected to lead to numerous exchanges in a wide range of fields including economic investment and growth, job creation, urban regeneration, e-government, social innovation and the MICE industry, such as culture and tourism.
What is it like to live as a citizen of Seoul?According to the results of the Seoul Survey 2017  Urban Policy Index Survey announced by the Seoul Institute on June 8, 2017, an average head of household in Seoul is 48.5 years of age. In addition, the average level of education of the heads of households in Seoul is graduation from a technical college and the average household is comprised of 2.47 members. As for the monthly household income, 40.5% of households earned a monthly income between KRW 3 million and KRW 5 million. In particular, citizens of Seoul gave 6.97 points out of 10 for their subjective level of happiness, indicating that they are relatively satisfied with their lives at the present. This score is the highest in the last five years. In addition, citizens of Seoul gave 6.91 points out of 10 for their sense of pride about Seoul. In particular, those in the 10s and 20s gave a relatively higher score of approximately 7 points.  As for Seoul citizens openness to foreigners living in Seoul, accepting foreigners as neighbors scored the highest points (6.51) followed by accepting foreigners as friends (6.35) and not accepting marriage with foreigners (5.82). The Seoul Survey 2017  Urban Policy Index Survey was designed to investigate the overall changes and social aspects of Seoul, such as in terms of the quality of living, housing, economy, culture, environment, transportation, education and welfare. It was conducted for one month in October 2016 targeting 20,000 households in Seoul as well as 2,500 foreigners living in Seoul. The Seoul Metropolitan City will publish the Seoul Survey 2017 report containing political suggestions in December this year by analyzing the survey results in detail. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government launched a K-travel Bus Tour Package on June 6, 2017. The K-travel Bus Tour Package for foreign tourists includes reliable accommodations, select tourist attractions, and tour guide services.The K-travel Bus Tour Package features five different routes consisting of two-day itineraries. By selecting one of the routes, passengers can visit popular tourist attractions and experience Korean culture.K-travel Bus itineraries consist of select programs such as Foot bath at Daegu Yangnyeongsi Museum of Oriental Medicine and pick-your-own fruit at Gooam Farmstay Village, Traditional Korean tea ceremony at the House of Kim Gu on Ganghwado Island, Incheon, Ski jump slopes in Gangwon-do, Wearing hanbok and learning gayageum at Nakaneupseong Walled Town in Jeollanam-do, and Hahoe mask making in Gyeongsangbuk-do.The SMG will develop more courses in the future. It will provide six courses in 2018 and nine courses in 2019.
Seoul Metropolitan Government is conducting a traditional storytelling puppet show, Fly Ishimi, a story that focuses on the past and current environmental issues of Cheonggyecheon Stream. All residents of the city and foreign tourists may enjoy this every weekend from June 3 to July 16 at Cheonggyecheons Gwangtonggyo Bridge.Kkokdugaksi Nori is the one and only Korean traditional puppet show that had been designated as Important Intangible Cultural Asset No. 3. Fly, Ishimi is a remake of part of Kkokdugaksi Nori, Ishimi Street, which was recreated as an exciting traditional play by adding a modern spin on the theatrical elements of the original play. Ishimi, meaning a giant magical serpent that is about to become a dragon, is an imaginary creature that appears in Korean mythology and it is also called, Imugi.The traditional puppet show, Fly, Ishimi, tells a story that focuses on the past and current environmental issues of Cheonggyecheon Stream. Breaking the traditional form of Kkokdugaksi Nori, the actors and actresses will come down from the stage to play the show and dance among the audience with a huge Ishimi puppet to interact with the audience and encourage their participation for added excitement. 
The 2017 Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism will be held under the themes of Production, Food, and Walk in Seoul in September 2017. The Biennale provides a variety of global academic events and exhibitions, aiming to resolve urban issues.Events and exhibitions will be held throughout downtown Seoul for 66 days from September 1, 2017 to November 5, 2017. About 120 cities, colleges, and organizations from all over the world will participate in the Biennale.The First Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism will consist of Thematic Exhibition (Donuimun Museum Village) and Cities Exhibition (Dongdaemun Design Plaza). The Thematic Exhibition is a project exhibition that will comprise of 40 teams from 24 different countries and the Cities Exhibition is a public project that will be jointly conducted by about 50 cities including Beijing, London, Vienna, and Paris.The 2017 Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism will include Live Projects Seoul. In Live Projects Seoul, a wide range of experiments will be conducted under the themes of Production, Food, and Walk. Love Projects Seoul consists of  Production City including exhibitions and workshops to find new ways of urban manufacturing,  Food City to conduct a variety of experiments relating to water shortage and urban agriculture (Biennale Coffee Shop and Biennale Cafeteria in Donuimun Museum), and  Smart City for Walk providing the vision of Seoul (Ttareungyi, Seoul Public Bicycle /Car-sharing, etc.).Anyone can enjoy the Biennale for free and experience the present and future urban policies of Seoul.
Seoul Metropolitan City will hold a Seoul Tourism Souvenir Contest to develop various souvenirs to symbolize Seoul under the themes of Seoullo 7017, Lotte World Tower and 63 Square. The Seoul Tourism Souvenir Contest, which is celebrating its fifth anniversary this year, aims at developing practical souvenirs of high marketability which tourists can cherish their memories of Seoul. The theme for this contest designated by Seoul Metropolitan City is Seoullo 7017 and those designated by the private sector are Lotte World Tower and 63 Square. The contestants can also submit works under other themes that symbolize Seoul. A total of 113 works will be selected to compete for prizes, such as 100 for the theme designated by Seoul Metropolitan City and 13 for the themes selected by the private sector. Of the 100 entries for the theme of Seoul Metropolitan City, 20 works will be selected and awarded in the categories of Grand Prize, Gold Prize, Silver Prize and Bronze Prize, which come with the prize money of KRW 30 million, KRW 15 million, KRW 8 million and KRW 6 million respectively. As for the Idea Prize, a certificate of commendation will be presented to 80 entries regardless of the themes. The prizewinning works will be displayed for sale at the DDP Store and at the gift shops in Lotte World Tower and 63 Square. For the entries under the themes selected by the private sector, Lotte World Grand Prize , Gold Prize, Silver Prize and Bronze Prize and Hanwha Hotels & Resorts Grand Prize, Gold Prize and Silver prize will be presented. The prizewinners will receive a certificate of award together with prize money in line with the companies purchase of their works. 
Mapo Oil Depot, an industrial facility housing petroleum, will be transformed into a culture and arts space. Oil Tank Culture Park, composed in an area of 140,000 in the Sangam-dong and Seongsan-dong area in Mapo-gu, will open to the public in June 2017.Mapo Oil Depot is a petroleum storage tank built by the government in 1973, which closed down in December 2000 with the construction of the Seoul World Cup Stadium in Sangam-dong. Since then, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has built a culture park in this space that is ten times larger than the Seoul Plaza where people can experience an eco-friendly ecosystem and culture. Out of five petroleum tanks with a diameter of 15 to 38m and a height of 15m, tank no. 1 will become a multipurpose pavilion made of glass and tank no. 2 will become a performance hall. Tank no. 4 will be transformed into a special exhibition hall while tank no. 5 will be turned into a permanent exhibition hall. Tank no. 3 will be retained as it is and the newly constructed tank no. 6 will be used as an information exchange center.The parking lot will be transformed into a culture yard, walking path and wild flower garden so that people can come rest and participate in various community activities as well.Oil Tank Culture Park is designed to maximize energy efficiency through utilization of geothermal energy for cooling and heating of buildings and waste water in the restrooms.Seoul city has installed a 30t heavy water processing facility on the basement of tank no. 6 to purify waste water and use it in restrooms. It will also install a rainwater recycling facility that can store up to 300t of rainwater to use the collected water in landscaping.
The 2017 Rose Festival will be held at the Theme Garden at Seoul Grand Park this May 27 (Sat.) to June 11 (Sun.), 2017.38,000 rose trees will be available for viewing at the 52,900 m2 (16,000 pyeong) flower bed in the Rose Garden at Seoul Grand Parks Theme Garden. At this years festival, English Standard Roses, which are shaped like a regular tree, will be introduced and visitors will be able to borrow props such as bouquets, flower garlands and bridal veils for free.The Seoul Grand Park will extend the duration of the festival so that more people can visit the Rose Festival for a longer period of time and provide events that will allow visitors to build unforgettable memories.There will be weekend magic shows and the Rose & Love Concert which will include songs, performances and dance on the theme of love.Visitors who participate in the couple mug-making event can take home a memento that will remind you of the Rose Festival. Visitors can also submit photos that they took at the festival to an on-line contest. 20 people will be selected to receive gift certificates.There are other events such as the Love Language event where people can take pictures in front of a large wall with the word Love written in various languages.[Festival Overview]  Event: 2017 Seoul Grand Park Rose Garden Festival  Duration: May 27, 2017 (Sat)  June 11, 2017 (Sun)  Hours of Operation: Mon  Thurs: 9am  7pm / Fri  Sun: 9am  8pm Place: Rose Garden inside the Theme Park of Seoul Grand Park Address: 102, Daegongwongwangjang-ro, Gwacheon-si, Gyeonggi-do[Program]
Bus users can now take less crowded buses. Blue, green and yellow buses that circulate in downtown Seoul will list the passenger rate in the three levels of spacious (), normal () and crowded ().All intra-city buses with standing seats, blue, green and yellow buses, will offer the congestion level service. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will also consider applying the service to coach buses including express buses and village buses.The level of congestion will be calculated based on the number of get ons and offs using transportation cards, in consideration of the size of the bus from large general, super low (11m2.5m), and medium general (9m2.5m).Errors may occur in the number of passengers (by 1 or 2 people) due to cash payments, failure to touch the transportation card to the reader when getting off and sneaking in without payment. Also, the level of congestion may differ for each persons perception.Users will be able to choose the bus they want to get onto after looking at the level of congestion guide which will lead to a more pleasant atmosphere inside the bus and more precise bus schedule due to reduction in the boarding/get off time.The level of congestion guide is expected to be of great help to vulnerable traffic users who are more greatly inconvenienced by congestion.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government hosted the Seoul Talk Concert at a shopping complex, Lotte Shopping Avenue, in downtown Jakarta on May 21, 2017.Korean singers Red Velvet and Eru performed in front of an audience of 1,200 and Indonesias top singer Gita Gutawa was appointed as the Honorary Tourism Ambassador of Seoul. This was followed by a mini talk show featuring a Q&A session on Seouls landmarks and culture.At the Main Atrium on the first floor of Lotte Shopping Avenue, visited by 50,000 people daily, a large screen that connects Seoul to Jakarta in real-time and a Seoul Tourism PR Booth was prepared.The Seoul Tourism PR Booth consists of the four sections of Live Streaming Zone, Seoul Light Gallery Zone, Seoul Event Zone and Coloring Zone. The booth will be operated for five days from May 21 until May 25, 2017 from 10am to 8pm.Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon, after his appointment as the ASEAN envoy, has set out on a tour of three Southeast Asian countries (the Philippines, Indonesia and Vietnam) for six days starting on May 21, 2017. The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to expand upon its exchanges and cooperation with major ASEAN cities.
On May 18, 2017, the Sharing Cities Alliance was launched with the five cities of Seoul, New York, Toronto, Amsterdam and Copenhagen as members. The Sharing Cities Alliance will discuss operation of a knowledge network platform, share experiences among cities and announce future action plans including the hosting of an international seminar.The alliance was launched after Seoul introduced the concept of a sharing city in 2012 and the Amsterdam sharing group SHARENL was established in 2013, inspired by the announcement.At the launching ceremony of the sharing cities alliance, the organization announced six principles to develop a sharing city in a sustainable manner and promised to strengthen cooperation between member cities. The six principles include: expansion of profit generation, fair compensation and guarantee of labor rights, standard implementation of public safety and security, reduction of CO2 emissions and waste disposal, guarantee of fair access and protection of personal information.The Seoul Metropolitan Government has preemptively introduced the concept of a sharing economy as a way to solve various urban issues such as the parking problem and pollution since 2012. The SMG has sponsored a total of 91 startups and organizations thus far.The SMGs sharing policies was also introduced to major international press outlets such as Forbes, LA Times and The Guardian and received a lot of attention. On March 2016, The Guardian included Seoul in its list of Seven Sustainable Cities in the World and on November 2016, gave Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon the Gothenburg Award for Sustainable Development, an award presented to an individual who contributed to realizing a sustainable future. 
Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon will visit Philippines, Indonesia and Vietnam between May 21 and 26, 2017 to fulfill his duties as the new ASEAN envoy. Assembly members Kim Hyeon-mi and Sin Kyeong-min will accompany him. In the afternoon of the 21st, Mayor Park will visit the Philippines and have discussions with the Minister of Foreign Affairs Cayetano and meet with President Duterte in the morning of the 22nd.Next, Mayor Park will move on to Indonesia to meet with President Jokowi in the morning of the 23rd and the Minister of Foreign Affairs Retno in the afternoon. On the 25th, Mayor Park will visit Vietnam and have discussions with President Trn i Quang in the morning and Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc in the afternoon.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will establish a life zone plan for each neighborhood and expand its commercial districts centering on isolated areas to promote balanced growth. On May 15, 2017, the SMG divided the city into 16 life zones and announced the Seoul Life Zone Plan containing special customized plans for small regions.The goal is to add 53 neighborhood centers to the current `3 city centers-7 metropolitan centers-12 regional centers` system to promote balanced growth.For balanced regional growth, 81% of the 53 neighborhood centers are concentrated in the northeast, northwest and southwest regions of Seoul which are comparatively less developed or isolated including Samyang, Surak, Wolgye and Gaebong.The SMG will also establish a guideline containing the direction of development and management agenda for the 75 centers to reference when establishing a development plan for centers in the future.Also, the SMG will expand the commercial districts centering on the northeast, northwest and southwest regions by 2030 and relax regulations to promote regional activation.The Seoul Life Zone Plan will be finalized on October 2017 after going through a public hearing, listening to the opinions of the city council and discussing with related organizations. 
Seoullo 7017 will open on May 20, 2017, after three-years of preparation. A variety of events will be held to celebrate the opening of Seoullo 7017 on May 20 (Sat) and May 21 (Sun), 2017.Various music concerts (acoustic guitar, electric violin, haegeum, and busking of indie bands) will be held from 10am to 8pm, on May 20, 2017 (Sat), on the upper floor of Seoullo and Malli-dong Plaza. Citizens can enjoy a parade of popular Korean animation characters as well.A variety of other events will also be held. Citizens will hang up 50,000 flowerpots at the Flower Festival and visitors faces will be rhythmically drawn during the Croquiky Brothers show. There will also be a Seoullo 365 Fashion Show and a concert by the Korea Harmonica Orchestra at Seoul Station Plaza and Magnolia Pavilion.At 7:30pm, 1,000 LED lights will be turned on with a European Jazz Trios performance on the upper floor of Seoullo 7017. At 8:00pm in Malli-dong Plaza, the official opening ceremony of Seoullo 7017 will be held with a performance by the Citizens Choir selected through an audition.On May 21, 2017 (Sun), visitors can enjoy nine programs including a Turtle Marathon participated in by 2,000 citizens and a drum concert The Drummer.After the opening ceremony, over 20 festivals and cultural programs will be provided for one month until June 18, 2017 (Sun).
Visit DDP Pedestrian Street on May 21, 2017 and immerse yourself with the passion of Africa. The 2017 Seoul Africa Festival, the largest of its kind in Korea, is held for an entire day to disperse the charms of African culture.46 booths will be operated at five themed zones (Friends Zone, Culture Zone, Market Zone, Community Zone and Knowledge Zone). At the Friends Zone, you can try traditional foods and specialties of African countries (Angola, Rwanda, Morocco, Kenya, Tunisia, Sudan, Ghana and South Africa). At the Culture Zone you can view paintings from East Africa and paint your own as well as try on traditional and modern African costumes and get your hair braided. You can also sample high quality African coffee and wine. At the Market Zone, handicrafts and African-made fair trade bags are sold, and at the Knowledge Zone, visitors can learn more about Africa at photo exhibitions and video screenings.At the center stage, performances by African artists and fashion featuring African models who are residing in Korea will also be held. Interpretation services will be provided at the festival in English, Chinese, Japanese, French and African languages.
The Dream Forest Cinema, a free outdoor film screening event, will be held over three weeks on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays starting on June 9, 2017 on the lawn in front of La Foresta at Dream Forest. Dream Forest Cinema is a special program created by Dream Forest that provides a rare opportunity to get away from your busy schedule and watch a movie in a quiet and refreshing forest setting on Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays. Enjoy movies that portray human life and art and popular movies for families, lovers and friends. Dream Forest Cinema is a free event that does not require a reservation. Scheduled    times and dates may be canceled or changed in the event of rain. 
Tourist facilities and convenience facilities will open along with the opening of Seoullo 7017 on May 20, 2017 (Sat). At Seoullo Travelers Caf (Toegye-ro Traffic Island), a one-stop service lounge for individual foreign tourists, you can check in heavy luggage or make reservations for tourist packages on a dedicated PC and use copy, scan and fax services. At Seoullo Shop, which is located between Hoehyeon Station and Seoullo you can buy souvenirs such as an eco-bag, magnets for refrigerators and mugs. During busy weekend hours, Visiting Tour Guides will be stationed to walk around and provide their services. While enjoying the flowers and trees on Seoullo, you can also buy snacks and food at the F&B facilities that sell bibimbap, mini gimbap and Korean-style toast.The tourist and convenience facilities at Seoullo 7017 are operated year round from 10am (11am for F&B) to 10pm. Tourist and convenience facilities consist of three tourist information centers ( Seoullo Travelers Caf,  Seoullo Information Center and  Seoullo Shop) and five F&B facilities ( 7017 Seoul Bibimbap,  Rose Gimbap,  Hydrangea Bread, Magnolia Caf and  Acorn Sweets).
On May 15, 2017, a limited edition of 500 Discover Seoul Passes were released containing images of SM Entertainments K-pop singers Yesung (member of Super Junior), Red Velvet and NCT.The models for the first limited edition are currently active in their fields. Other artists will also serve as models for the pass later on. The special hallyu celebrity pass will be sold to foreign fans at overseas concerts.The 48 hour Discover Seoul Pass has also been released for the first time. All passes can be used within the designated time period (24 or 48 hours) after entering the first tourist attraction.Six new tourist attractions have been added to the previous 16 facilities that can be used with the pass. They are: SMTOWN COEX Artium, Day Pass to Urban Palace Course by Seoul City Tour Bus, Teseum Seoul, Coreana Cosmetics Museum, Simone Handbag Museum and Hanboknam.The 48 hour pass is sold for 55,000 won. This is a 70% discounted price compared to visiting all 22 tourist attractions individually. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will sell the pass at a 30% discounted price from May 15 until the end of June at One More Trip (www.onemoretrip.net). If you purchase the pass at One More Trip, you can pick it up at the international taxi booth at Gimpo Airport or Incheon Airport or at the Myeongdong Tourist Information Center.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will operate the K-food in K-dramas Cooking Class until the end of 2017, providing foreign tourists with the opportunity to learn how to make Korean foods that appear in hallyu dramas.Classes will be offered twice a month to 18 foreign tourists who visit Korea. English interpretations will also be provided. The program will consist of a different theme each month featuring foods well-loved by Koreans and many foreigners including bulgogi, bibimbap, tteokbokki and snacks. In May, classes will be conducted for two hours under the themes of bulgogi gimbap and seafood-cheese tteokbokki, consisting of cooking and tasting the dishes.Participants will taste samples made by chefs that specialize in Korean cuisine and reference a provided recipe to make the two dishes and try them.The SMG will also operate two special cooking classes in 2017 for Muslim tourists using halal-certified ingredients The SMG will also launch a Hallyu Celebrity Styling Class starting May 22 (Mon), 2017 as part of the Hallyu Experience Program to provide lessons on trendy hallyu celebrity makeup and hair styling (Detailed information and on-line application: http://goo.gl/PF33tL).
Arisu acquired the ISO 22000 international certification (Food Safety Management System) from the International Organization for Standardization on November 22, 2016 and has been recognized as a safe food worldwide. The Seoul Metropolitan Government published the 2016 Arisu Quality Report on May 2017 to reconfirm the outstanding water quality of Seouls tap water.Arisu Quality Report is a water quality report that informs the water quality of the water source at the upper Hangang River, the Arisu Purification Center, autonomous districts in Seoul and tap water. It contains reports on water quality analysis on 170 items, which is more than the 163 items recommended by the World Health Organization (WHO).No pathogenic microorganisms were detected and the water was free of 26 harmful substances including lead, arsenic, cadmium, phenol and parathion. Disinfection by-products generated were detected at 1/5 of the water quality standard.The Arisu Quality Report also contains other useful information such as the Arisu Quality Certification System. Read the report at the website of the Office of Waterworks Seoul Metropolitan Government (http://arisu.seoul.go.kr). 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will launch its Ansimi app on May 2, 2017 (Tuesday). The app provides SOS service in emergency situations such as returning home at late night, domestic violence, date violence or natural disasters through a simple operation of the app (power button, screen touch and shake).Ansimi is a 24-hour smart one stop safety network that connects with 32,597 CCTVs (as of the end of 2016) and smartphones to monitor in real-time and provide rescue support as well with a control center* in each district. The Ansimi app has a photo/image recording function which enables immediate response to emergency situations by sending photos or videos of the scene that happens at CCTV blind spots to the control center. (* The control center monitors 32,000 CCTVs that have been installed in alleys and parks of each administrative district in Seoul. It is operated 24 hours a day with between 4 to 9 monitors and police officers stationed at any given time.)The app can be used as Safe Return Home Service or SOS in case of domestic violence or a natural disaster. Download the app via Google Play (android) or App Store (iPhone) and sign in before initial use. As the app involves the use of a safety/report service, user identification is required. Users must upload information on your administrative district, emergency contact, and a photo of the user.To use the Safe Return Home Service, touch the safe return service menu on the main screen of the app  enter the destination  touch Start Service  your current location will be delivered to the control center of your administrative district in real-time and a returning home message will be sent to your emergency contact.  after arriving at your destination, touch End Service.When an emergency situation occurs during the use of the safe return service, touch the Help button on the screen or shake your smartphone several times. In 10 seconds, the control center will receive an emergency call. If you pressed the wrong button by accident, press Cancel within 10 seconds. When you issue an emergency call, an automatically taken photo or video (set in user settings) will be sent to the control center.The control center of your administrative district will monitor the user location info that appears on the situation board. An emergency alarm will ring when an SOS request has been received. Once the request is deemed valid, it becomes an emergency situation. The in-house police will be dispatched and take appropriate action.Simply shake the smartphone to use the emergency call (SOS report) feature. Photos or videos of the scene (set by user settings) and your personal information along with current location will be sent to the control center of your administrative district.In the case of android phones, an emergency call will be issued if you shake the phone, even if the home screen is locked, or press the power button three or more times. The intensity of shaking can be adjusted in the environment settings to suit your needs. Accidental SOS reports that have been made due to running is to be filtered out at the control center through viewing of the photos (videos) of the scene. The user can also cancel the report within 10 seconds.Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon said, It is the responsibility of the country and public institutions to protect our citizens. I will make sure to create a safe city for women through the implementation of our Ansimi app.
Seven fountains in the Hangang Parks will be in operation starting on April 29, 2017 (Saturday).Following the Banpo Moonlight Rainbow Fountain at Banpo Hangang Park and the Cascade Fountain at Yeouido Hangang Park, which began operating on April 1, 2017, seven fountains at Ttukseom Park, Yeouido Park, Nanji Park and Ichon Park will begin operating on April 29, 2017. They will remain in operation until October 31, 2017.The fountains installed in the swimming pools at Nanji Hangang Park and Ttukseom Hangang Park will be in operation between June 23 and August 27, following the operation period of the pools.The Splash Fountain at Ttukseom Hangang Park offers a night musical fountain show with beautiful images projected onto the Hangang River. The Mirror Fountain at Nanji Hangang Park is Koreas largest ground water fountain with an area of 2,800. The Water Playground Fountain at Nanji Hangang Park is an elaborate and dynamic structure featuring a wide selection of music.The Splash Fountain at Ttukseom Hangang Park The Mirror Fountain at Nanji Hangang Park The Water Playground Fountain at Nanji Hangang Park The fountains operating hours vary. Visit the website of Hangang Project Headquarters (http://hangang.seoul.go.kr) to check their hours of operation.Inquiries 02-3780-0653/0691
100 employees of Indonesian insurance company AXA visited Seoul as part of an incentive trip from April 24 to 27, 2017. The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) held a Hangang Ttareungyi Tour at Yeouido Hangang Park for them.Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon rode the full course of 2.5 kilometers at the beautiful Hangang River on Ttareungyi, testifying to the possibility of Ttareungyi as a means for foreign tourists to navigate Seoul.In order to speed up the process of attracting MICE tourists to Seoul, the SMG will temporarily operate the Seoul Special Experience Program until the end of 2017. Employees of AXA are the first to participate in the program. Seoul Special Experience Program (April   December 2017)* Seoul MICE Alliance: A public-private partnership established in 2010 for the purpose of cultivating the Seoul MICE industry and joint marketing. Currently, there are 230 members including convention centers, hotels, travel agencies, international conference agencies, and performance groups.
A variety of festivals including Yeongdeungpo Yeouido Spring Flower Festival, Lotus Lantern Festival, and Hangang Seoraeseom Canola Festival are held throughout Seoul every spring.The Yeongdeungpo Yeouido Spring Flower Festival is held by the Hangang River when the cherry blossoms come to bloom. This festival is a leading spring destination attracting over 6 million visitors each spring.The Lotus Lantern Festival is held from April 12 to 29. Visitors can enjoy  a variety of traditional lantern exhibitions (Jogyesa Temple, Bongeunsa Temple, and Cheonggyecheon Stream),  a lantern parade (Dongguk University  Jogyesa Temple), and  traditional cultural performances/shows (in front of Jogyesa Temple). The Lotus Lantern Festival is one of the most popular folk festivals, continuing the history of the lotus lantern festival held from the Silla Dynasty to the Goryeo Dynasty and the Buddhas birthday festival of the Joseon Dynasty with a 1300-year history.The Seoul Rose Festival (5.19~21) is known as the most beautiful and fragrant festival of Seoul held in Junghwa Sports Park and Surim Grand Park. The festival is famous for the 5.1-kilometer-long rose tunnel, rose shrine, rose parade, and various photo zones. In particular, the festival provides colorful visual delight using night lighting under the theme of Nocturnal Rose this year.The 2017 Hangang Seoraeseom Canola Festival will be held in Banpo Hangang Park from May 13 to 14. You can access Banpo Seoraeseom Island from Sinbanpo Station (Line 9) and Dongjak Station (Line 4 and 9). The Green Barley Festival will be held from May 10 to 20 in Ichon Hangang Park that has a total area of 10,000 square meters. You can reach the green barley field through Ichon Station (Line 1 and 4) after passing Ichon Interchange. The Seoul Metropolitan Government is planning to host a variety of festivals and programs so that citizens can enjoy the peaceful atmosphere of the country in downtown Seoul.
Seoullo 7017, a walkway featuring plants and cultural components built on top of the old Seoul Station overpass (built in 1970), is scheduled to open on May 20, 2017. The walkway is a 1.7km-long special pedestrian roadway that connects 17 passageways from Hoehyeon Station to Namsan Footbridge, Seoul Station Square, Cheongpa-dong, and Jungnim-dong.The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) planted 24,085 plants of 228 species on Seoullo. There will be eight cultural facilities including a doll theater and a street stage as well as five restaurant complexes selling bibimbap, Korean desserts, and other snacks.The SMG disclosed photos of the upper area of Seoullo 7017, which is now busy wrapping up construction before the opening in May, and introduced various programs on safety & security, natural disasters, disaster response, plant management, tourism & convenience facilities, and culture & festival.Safety: Designed to withstand earthquakes with a magnitude of 6.3  6.5 and a load of 50,000 adults (each 70kg), which is ten times more than the maximum capacity of 5,000 people Security: Station 16 security staff 24/7 to provide regular safety management and station 10 additional staff at major entryways on weekends and holidays to block street vendors from enteringResponse to Natural & Man-made Disasters: Systematic response to disaster situations including fine dust, yellow dust, strong wind, typhoon, heavy rain, and heavy snow from their forecastHygiene Management: Maintain a pleasant atmosphere thorough hygiene management Minimize the number of trash cans to those inside convenience facilities such as cafes (8 total) and install and collect five additional sets of trash cans as necessary when there are many visitors. Plant Management: Designed by Winy Maas as a mid-air arboretum featuring all the plants that can grow in Seoul including 24,085 plants of 228 species and 50 familiesSeoullo 7017 will open at 10 p.m. on May 20. The opening ceremony will begin at 7 p.m. with a lighting performance. This will be followed by various festivals and cultural programs throughout the year.
May is family month in Korea. As such, it is packed with a wide variety of fun and interesting performances for families.During the month of May, the Sejong Center offers a dance drama, classical music and musicals for the entire family to enjoy according to the age of each family member. Dancing Scarecrow, a comic dance drama, and Wow! Classical Ensemble, a classical performance presented like a fairytale, are classics that have been loved over many years, perfect for watching with children.Secret Envoy, an original Korean musical that talks about the Hague emissary, and classical music concert by Orchestre Philharmonique de Radio France conducted by Music Director Mikko Frank are also much anticipated performances. If you are interested in pets and plants, we also recommend the Painting, Companion, Communication exhibition held at the Sejong Museum of Art in the Sejong Center.Alternatively, you can also enjoy traditional Korean music. Jami is a lunch concert held at the Samcheonggak Pavilion from April 5 to June 30 on Wednesdays and Fridays that combines performance with traditional Korean food. Sejong Music Tour is a court music performance that will be held at the Sejong Grand Theater in the Sejong Center on May 15.If you want to enjoy good music with a large group of people, try May, Play at Dream Forest at the Dream Forest Art Center or enjoy gugak for 5,000 won at the Pre & Free series held at Seoul Donhwamun Traditional Theater.The Sejong Center offers a discount of 25%-55% for children or when six or more family members purchase tickets together. Check out the prices on the Sejong Center website (www.sejongpac.or.kr).
The remodeled Seoul Station overpass will open to the public as Seoullo 7017 on May 20, 2017. Seoulites and foreign tourists alike are welcome to participate in the opening program, which will introduce the various landmarks of Seoul in three tour courses. Cultural tour guides will narrate fun stories on the history, culture, and prominent figures of the Seoullo area in an animated manner.Local attractions within a one kilometer radius of Seoullo will be incorporated into the stories and included in the three tour courses. Tour 1 From Hanyang to Seoullo looks into the history of Seoul through a discussion of the changes in urban space and historical figures. Tour 2 Seoullo Architecture Tour explores the architecture of Seoul by looking into the history of architecture, culture, and lifestyle in Seoul with the introduction of western culture in the early 1900s. Finally, in Tour 3 Seoullo Night Tour you can enjoy the nightscape and romantic atmosphere of Seoul at night.Reservations: visitseoul.net (available from May 15, 2017)Languages: Korean, English, Chinese, Japanese
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will increase the number of childrens forests in Seoul to 400 so that children can play hard and grow up healthy. Forests will be built in green areas of each village to increase the number of childrens forests by nearly tenfold by 2023, with the goal of having one forest per each administrative dong unit.The Childrens Forest is a space where children can play with small animals, leaves, branches, and flowers in nature. It is demonstrated to be educationally beneficial, producing calming effects.The first childrens forest was built in 2011. Currently, there are 41 locations including Eungbong Park in Yongsan-gu and Ujang Park in Gangseo-gu.The SMG, instead of pursuing its conventional policy of forming mid-to-large-size childrens forests, plans to discover green areas in hills, streams, and parks of each neighborhood to create new ones.The SMG will expand the scope of users to include elementary school students, parents, and teachers in addition to preschoolers. Forests will be utilized as a place of learning and various interactive programs will be created to promote healing.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will expand the application of drones, which had been used only at disaster sites until now, to include the public safety domain.With the application of drones to disaster sites in August 2016, it became easier to quickly assess the situation and come up responsive measures at disaster sites which include mountain fires, skyscrapers, and densely populated housing areas. The SMG will continue to expand upon the scope of drone application with a long term perspective to preemptively respond to emergency situations. To do so, the SMG will build a road network database by expanding upon the firefighting safety measures created by the Seocho Fire Station. Then, it will build a swift disaster response system by reflecting the database in the Firefighting Safety Map of the comprehensive disaster management system.At the same time, drones will be used in the public safety domain engaging in filming boar-infested areas and delivering the videos to related organizations. Through such efforts, the SMG plans to secure public safety and create a safe city.
May is family month in Korea. Accordingly, the Seoul Global Cultural Center will host a variety of cultural programs centering on family for foreign residents and foreign tourists.Programs include Hangeul calligraphy (May 2nd), writing a postcard (May 2nd-8th), childrens hanbok-wearing (May 4th), carnation-making (May 8th), and seodang experience (May 13th).At the seodang experience program, you can learn about household and school etiquettes from a village teacher and write down your own family motto. An interpreter will be present to provide explanation.All interactive programs can be reserved on-line or through onsite visit. Each program will accept up to 20 students on a first-come-first-serve basis.The Seoul Global Cultural Center, operated by the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG), offers foreigners useful tips on living in Korea and provides various opportunities to learn about Korean culture through programs on traditional attire, craftwork, dance, Korean cooking, and makeup classes.
S-Plex Center to Become the Hub of Koreas Game IndustryOn April 16, 2017, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) announced the Game Industry Cultivation Plan, which will promote the game industry with the goal of creating more jobs for young people using a budget of KRW 50 billion by 2021. The SMG will devote its full attention to supporting this plan.At the heart of the plan is the Seoul Game Contents Center that will open inside the S-Plex Center in Sangam-dong during April. The Seoul Game Contents Center will provide a stable game development environment for game development startups.The Seoul Game Contents Center, located on floors 8, 9, and 10, has a total area of 5785 and consists of 70 separate spaces including those for game startups (9-10F) and those for independent game development (8F). In April 2016, the OGN E-sports Stadium (12-17F), where various e-sports matches are held year-round, opened inside the S-Plex Center. In July 2016, the Media Contents Center (5-7F), equipped with post production facilities for image and sound editing became part of the Center. In August 2017, the E-sports and Game Exhibition PR Hall is scheduled to open on the 11th floor of the building. The SMG plans to actively support the overseas entry of small- and medium-sized domestic game companies. To do so, it will subsidize the shared booth fee, participation fee, and other expenses to companies that take part in overseas exhibitions.The SMG will also vitalize the e-sports industry. To that end, it will promote the Seoul Cup International E-sports Championship, which will be held for the second time during the second half of 2017, into a leading international event. The SMG will also work with the Seoul Internet Addiction Prevention and Counseling Center, which has been in operation since 2007, to build a sound game culture. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) published the Seoul Brand Guide Ver. 2.0 to enhance peoples understanding of the Seoul Brand and allow them to utilize the brand.The SMG improved Seoul Brand Guide Ver. 1.0, which it published along with the introduction of the ISEOULU brand on November 2015 and published Seoul Brand Guide Ver. 2.0 with added descriptions on the brand identity and images for citizens and corporations to utilize.Seoul Brand Guide Ver. 2.0 has four chapters.Chapter 1 What a City Brand Should Pursue  summarizes the definition of city brand as well as Seoul Brands process of development. Chapter 2 Basic Framework of the Seoul Brand contains the identity of the Seoul Brand as well as its linguistic and visual significance.Chapter 3 Basic Design System of Seoul Brand illustrates how to use ISEOULU and also contains diverse brand graphic sources. Chapter 4 Application Design System of Seoul Brand offers designs that have been applied to various media and products.The Seoul Brand Guide Ver. 2.0 suggests diverse and appealing designs that have been produced through collaboration between designers, painters, and professors.The SMG plans to find partner companies who will manufacture products using the Seoul Brand and support them to take full advantage of Seoul Brand products.The SMG plans to distribute Seoul Brand Guide Ver. 2.0 to relevant organizations and the 25 autonomous districts through both on-line and off-line media. It will also be uploaded on the SMG website  (http://english.seoul.go.kr) and the Seoul Brand website (seoulbrand.go.kr) in e-book and image file format.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will operate the foreign tourist welcome week between April 28 and May 7 in celebration of the peak of the tourist season in May. The SMG will offer various discounts and events in collaboration with the tourist industry.Temporary welcome booths will be installed at seven locations in Myeongdong, Dongdaemun, Namdaemun, and Itaewon, where staff wearing traditional Korean attire (hanbok) will provide tourist information and conduct interactive programs, which include Writing your name in Korean and Taekwonmu Dance. The Myeongdong Tourist Information Center will operate the ISEOULU t-shirt making program every day from 11:00 to 17:00 for 30 tourists.Red table (http://www.redtable.kr/en/area), a big data-based global restaurant marketing platform that offers restaurant menus in various languages as well as a payment system, will collaborate with 12 food franchises to offer items at a 50% discounted price to foreign tourists who visit Seoul during the Welcome Week. Buxi (https://www.buxikorea.com/), a tourism startup that provides a car sharing service between airports, hotels, and guesthouses, will offer their services to foreign tourists at a 20% discounted price during the Welcome Week.AREX tourism startup itrip (http://www.safex.kr/) opened its Hongdae Travel Center on April 29 and offers a luggage storage service at a 10% discounted price. A luggage delivery service between Incheon Airport and hotels along with AREX express train ticket will be offered as a package at a discounted price of KRW 14,000.During the Welcome Week, the Discover Seoul Pass will also be offered at a 30% discounted price. You can also purchase products at a 30% discounted price at One More Trip, a high quality Seoul tourism product sales platform. Six routes for the Seoul City Tour bus will also be offered at a 20% discounted price. The SMG will collaborate with hanbok rental shops at the four major gates so that tourists can rent hanbok at a 20% discounted price. Tourists wearing hanbok can enter the ancient palaces for free.View details: Visit Seoul (http://english.visitseoul.net/index)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) and Seoul National University recently opened the City Data Science Research Institute at Gaepo Digital Innovation Park on April 12.For the next three years, the City Data Science Research Institute will be carrying out research on the four core topics to solve urban issues in the three fields of transportation, environment, and city development.First, the research institute will develop a research system for suggesting solutions to urban problems using big data.This will be followed by the development of a system that observes and analyzes the causes of pollution and noise in the city. Furthermore, the research center will study the urban gentrification phenomenon in Seoul and propose a counterplan. It will also conduct a study on improving the transportation environment through analysis of the traffic environment.The research institute will also train data specialists each year, targeting a total of 1,000 college students, job seekers, general citizens, and field experts.The SMG is utilizing big data in many of its policies. The late-night bus system was introduced in 2013 after analyzing the call volume and floating population data. The city also provides accurate information on commercial areas to potential startups based on its analysis of 200 billion cases of big data.
DDP Walkway will provide various traditional cultural activities from China, Japan, and Mongolia on April 16 (Sunday). Tai chi and Karate demonstrations will be performed at the center stage of the DDP Walkway, along with a space for trying on traditional clothing and playing games of China, Japan and MongoliaInteractive programs and exhibitions by 14 teams of citizen artists will also be offered including caricature drawing, gardening, clay making, and dry flower making. There will also be musical performances such as K-pop cover dance, folk music on the acoustic guitar, and ocarina performance.Popular programs at DDP Walkway from last year such as Lawn Plaza Rest Area and Street Gym where people can exercise and have fun, will be offered again this year. DDP Walkway will host various cultural activities around the world every third Sunday until October this year, excluding July and August.Diverse world cultures will be introduced from May to October as follows: 2017 Seoul Africa Festival in May, Latin America in June, Southeast Asia in September, and Europe in October.Location of DDP Walkway : 310 m stretch of land on Jangchungdan-ro in front of DDP (281, Eulji-ro, Jung-gu, Seoul)< Major Programs offered in April at DDP Walkway >
Starting on April 20, 2017, the Deoksugung Stone Wall Path area will transform into a social enterprise market that sells handmade products to provide a fun experience for Seoulites.The Deoksugung Fair Shop, a social enterprise market to be held at Deoksugung-gil between Daehanmun and the Round Fountain, will open every Thursday to Saturday between 11am and 6pm from April 20 to October 28 (excluding July and August).The Deoksugung Fair Shop, launched in 2014, will be attended by over 100 companies this year for the purpose of introducing products manufactured by social enterprises, fair trade companies, young startups, female enterprises, and disabled enterprises.From May 20, Deoksugung Picnic will be held on Saturdays along with performances.At Deoksugung Picnic, where cars will be blocked from the streets, booths will be set up to sell various products. You can also enjoy performances featuring music, magic, and mime at a separately prepared street art zone.The Seoul Metropolitan Government will also operate interactive booths including traditional outfit wearing, calligraphy, photo zone, counseling booth as well as programs that teach people about the social economy including campaigns to improve the environment.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) announced the 3rd SMG Traffic Safety Plan in order to lower the rate of traffic fatalities to the level of advanced cities.The number of deaths caused by traffic accidents in 2015 for every 100,000 Seoul residents was 3.7, the lowest in the nation. Not remaining complacent with this number, however, the SMG set the goal for 2021 as 1.8, half the current rate. This number is lower than that of New York (2.9) and close to that of London and Berlin (1.5).
"	Through the 3rd Traffic Safety Plan, the SMG designated four intensive management areas ( Pedestrian,  Commercial vehicles,  Two-wheeled vehicles/bicycles, and  Traffic safety system) and prepared detailed execution plans for each.The first safety measure to be implemented aims to reduce the number of pedestrian deaths by 70%. To that end, pedestrian safety facilities will be expanded through lowering of the speed limit and installing crosswalks in all directions at intersections. Also, parking enforcement will be reinforced and traffic safety measures for children and seniors will also be expanded upon."
Mayor Joo Doria of So Paulo, who is visiting Seoul from April 12 (Wed) until April 15 (Sat) in celebration of the 40th anniversary of sister city ties between Seoul and So Paulo, paid a visit to Seoul City Hall on April 13 (Thurs) at 9:20 a.m. and was presented with a Certificate of Honorary Citizenship of Seoul from Mayor Park Won-soon himself. 
After the presentation of the certificate, Mayor Doria stopped by Seoul Transport Operation and Information Service (TOPIS) and Cheonggyecheon Stream to gain understanding on the smart transportation system of Seoul and see the construction site of the Urban Stream Restoration Project.2017 marks the 40th anniversary of Seoul and So Paulo entering into a sister city relationship since signing the agreement in April 1977. Since then, the two cities have been conducting exchanges in the areas of urban traffic, culture, and human resources. Earlier in 2012, Mayor Park paid a visit to So Paulo and talked about how to protect the natural environment as well as discussed policies on traffic and air pollution.
The Seoul Innovation Challenge will be carried out over 200 days with the participation of foreigners, citizens, companies, and universities with the goal of coming up with good ideas to resolve urban problems that occur in Seoul in the areas of safety, environment, and traffic.Keywords for the Seoul Innovation Challenge include cooperation, innovation, and openness. Once an innovative idea is suggested through the open platform, all participants will go through a collaborative process with 100 professional mentors over the following seven months.The theme of Seoul Innovation Challenge is Development and Commercialization of Core Technologies for the 4th Industrial Revolution and Resolving of Urban Problems through Open Innovation. All Seoul citizens, companies, universities, and foreigners are welcome to participate individually or in groups. Once ideas are accepted, they go through a maturing process through opinion exchanges on- and off-line as well as professional mentoring.In July, the preliminary rounds will be held for the Seoul Innovation Challenge. 32 outstanding projects will be selected through team presentations and professional evaluation followed by three months of idea/team building. The final rounds will be held in November.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG), upon deciding that fine dust, designated as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1) by the World Health Organization, is seriously threatening the health of citizens, set forth to implement various measures that will protect the health of the people.The ultrafine dust concentration in Seoul, which decreased until 2012, has been on the rise again since 2016. In 2016, it increased by 3/ compared to the previous year and in 2017, there has been three ultrafine dust warnings. Deterioration of air quality is becoming more and more serious.In response, the SMG will continue to carry out the Low Emission Vehicle Project with proven air quality improvement effects and make it mandatory to use environment-friendly construction equipment at SMG-operated construction sites. The SMG will also expand upon its limited operation measures by regulating the entrance of vehicles that deliver regional agro-fishery products into Seoul at public distribution centers.The SMG has drastically reduced automobile-caused ultrafine dust emissions through its low-emission projects including early scrapping of aged diesel cars and installation of exhaust gas reduction devices.
The SMG hopes to see a gradual expansion of the limited operation of aged diesel cars, which used to be applied only to cars in Seoul since 2012, to other metropolitan areas in 2017. Traffic enforcement equipment will be installed in 22 new locations in addition to the 13 locations that are currently in operation. In 2019, a total of 61 locations will operate enforcement equipment to enhance the effectiveness of the operation.In consideration of the volume of nationwide goods transportation, solely regulating the metropolitan area is not enough. The SMG therefore decided to limit the usage of facilities in Seoul for all aged cargo vehicles in the country.Also, the SMG will make it mandatory to use environment-friendly construction equipment at SMG-operated construction sites starting in May 2017 to improve air environment deterioration. It was critical to take action since the five types of construction equipment, including dump trucks emit large amounts of nitrogen oxide, in spite of only accounting for a mere 1.4% of the all registered vehicles in Seoul.To improve the air quality, all businesses that are willing to participate in the aged construction equipment low-emission project will receive support such as installation of exhaust reduction devices and provision of engine replacement costs for new construction equipment so that their losses will be minimized upon the implementation of the mandatory environment-friendly construction equipment. The project will be expanded to include the private sector in order to radically improve the air quality.The SMG will conduct a special inspection through government-private cooperation over two months from April 3 to May 31 in 1,805 construction sites that have been reported for dust scattering in order to induce voluntary dust reduction.Business sites that have been classified as special management sites will receive a focused special investigation and voluntary reduction management will be promoted through training for construction personnel and distribution of a manual. Through such efforts, the SMG hopes to establish a robust management culture for dust scattering.In addition, 30 dust suction sweepers will be prepared in advance to eliminate dust scattering on roads and the operation of water sprinkler trucks will be increased to cease dust scattering during yellow dust and fine dust warnings.To carry out the Global Car Scoring System that has been jointly announced with the mayors of Paris and London on March 29, the SMG has decided to cooperate with the government on re-calculating vehicle grades based on the operation of the real-driving exhaust gas management system and establishing an international standard for the new exhaust gas certification system.The Car Scoring System evaluates the level of environment-friendliness for each vehicle and gives it a grade, contributing to the customers right to own an environment-friendly vehicle and expanded distribution of environment-friendly cars. The SMG will cooperate with civic organizations for the settlement of the Global Car Scoring System. Efforts will include posting easy-to-read graphics of exhaust gas grades as provided by the Ministry of Environment on the SMG website as well as manufacturing and attaching environment-friendly stickers on vehicles owned by public organizations.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will host free performances and exhibitions at Hangang Park and operate the Hangang Water Fountain in April. The Lawn Concert at the Yeouido Water Stage will be carried out at 7pm on Fridays and Saturdays for one hour with Spring Coming as the theme. The Yeouido Water Stage is the only stage built on water with audience seats placed on stone staircases on the opposite side. Bring a mat to lie down on and some snacks to munch on during the performance.Transportation: Exit 2 of Yeouinaru Station (Line 5)Inquiries: Hangang Business Headquarters 82-2-3780-0799This spring, enjoy a special outing at Hangang Park while enjoying performances by amateur buskers. 160 teams of Hangang street artists will put on amazing performances in different sections of Hangang Park during the month of April. Check out the performance schedule on the Hangang Business Headquarters website (http://hangang.seoul.go.kr).The Moonlight Rainbow Fountain at Banpo Hangang Park is the longest bridge fountain in the world spanning a length of 1,140m. It was listed in the Guinness World Records on November 17, 2008. The bridge transforms into a gorgeous fountain against the backdrop of brilliant lighting and background music, creating quite a spectacle at night.The hours of operation for the month of April are: weekdays at  12:00 20:00 20:30 21:00, and weekends and holidays at 12:00 19:30 20:00 20:30 21:00 for 20 minutes each.Transportation: Exit 8-1 & 8-2 of Express Bus Terminal Station (Lines 3, 7, and 9)Inquiries: 82-2-3780-0578The Cascade Fountain is a popular recreational facility in Yeouido Hangang Park. It is a waterscape facility that visualizes and auralizes the flow of water using a waterfall. It is a great place for families with children to visit.The hours of operation for the month of April are: weekdays 12:00 17:00 18:00 19:00, and weekends and holidays at 17:00 18:00 19:00 20:00 for 30 minutes each.Transportation: Exit 2 & 3 of Yeouinaru Station (Line 5) Exit 1 of Yeouido Station (Line 9)Inquiries: 82-2-3780-0653
Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon and London Mayor Sadiq Khan met up at the London City Hall on April 3, 2017 (Mon) to sign a Seoul-London Friendship City Agreement and promised cooperation in nine areas including democratization of the economy, response to climate change, and digital innovation.The two mayors, who both served as human rights lawyers and members of civic organizations at one point, are known as mayors for people who fought hard to represent the common people and promoted social integration through administrative projects such as Weconomics and Administration for All. They are innovation global leaders who were included in the list of the Worlds Four Unconventional Mayors by the NHK Corporation in Japan last year.Through the Seoul-London Friendship City Agreement, Seoul and London decided to cooperate in the nine areas of Response to climate change, Democratization of the economy, Digital innovation, Arts & Culture, Tourism, e-Government, Smart city, Social innovation, and Urban regeneration.The agreement is a follow-up to the Friendship and Cooperation Agreement from December 2015. Its goal is to strengthen the cooperative relationship between Seoul and London and further subdivide the areas of cooperation.At the meeting with Mayor Khan, Mayor Park invited the City of London to the First Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism (Sep. 1  Nov. 5, 2017), which is scheduled to be held in the second half of the year, and suggested that London participate in the World e-Governments Organization of Cities and Local Governments (WeGO), a global organization in which Seoul is serving as the chair city. The goal is to reinforce cooperation between Seoul and London in the areas of e-Government, urban planning and urban space.Mayor Park said, Seoul is cooperating with London Mayor Sadiq Khan in many areas. We expect that future exchanges will lead to discovery of new areas of cooperation that will enhance the lives of citizens across the world.
Seoul Summer Sale 2017 will be held in Seoul from May 23 to July 31, ahead of schedule. During this period, foreign visitors will receive discounts of up to 80% in Seoul.A total of 136 businesses including department stores, duty free shops, shopping malls, medical institutions, cultural businesses, and entertainment agencies will participate in Seoul Summer Sale 2017. Of particular note, lodging businesses will also participate in the event for the first time. 19 hotels will be offering special promotions including 50% discounts and a stay three nights and get one night free offer.The 136 businesses include  shopping malls (20),  food and beverage (8),  fashion and beauty (22),  cultural businesses and entertainment agencies (31),  medical institutions (14),  accommodations (19), and  others (22).Major participants include department stores (Lotte, Shinsegae, etc.), duty free shops (Shinsegae, Galleria Duty Free 63, etc.), hypermarkets (emart, etc.), shopping malls (Doota, Times Square, etc.), and fashion and cosmetics shops (The Face Shop, Etude House, etc.).Other participating companies include Shinhan Bank, Woori Bank (exchange), Seoul City Tour Bus, Discover Seoul Pass, AREX, Hyundai Cruise, and One More Trip (mobile open market for individual tourists).
On April 2 (Sunday), Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon, who is touring the three European countries of Paris, Vienna, and London, arrived at his last destination, London. Upon arrival, he first visited the Korean War Memorial in Victoria Embankment Gardens, between the River Thames and the Ministry of Defense headquarters, to lay flowers and pay his respects to the British soldiers who served in the Korean War.The memorial was unveiled in December 2014. It is a symbol of friendship between Korea and the U.K. and a reminder of the self-sacrifice and commitment demonstrated by the 56,000 British soldiers who served in the Korean War.The memorial consists of a 3.1-meter-high bronze statue of a British solder against the backdrop of a 5.8-meter-high stone obelisk. The east face of the obelisk contains the geography of Korea and its west face includes an image of the Korean Peninsula, surmounted by the flag of the Republic of Korea. On the north face, an inscription is surmounted by the flag of the United Nations.During the Korean War, the U.K. provided a total of 56,700 solders including marines, naval, army, and air forces, the second largest contributor after the United States among the 16 coalition partners. As members of the UN forces, the British soldiers supported the Korean soldiers in the Battles of Nakdonggang River, Jeongju/Bakcheon, Sindun-ri, Imjingang River, Gapyeong, and the Hook.After laying flowers at the memorial, Mayor Park said, I deeply appreciate the sacrifice made by the British soldiers in the Korean War. All of us should make efforts to create a peaceful and harmonious society, with no more tragedy of war.
The Seoul Grand Park Cherry Blossom Festival will be held at the lake trail inside Seoul Grand Park between April 8 (Saturday) and 12 (Wednesday).The theme of this years festival is Sonata along the Cherry Blossom Path. Seoul Grand Park, easily accessible from anywhere in the Seoul metropolitan area, is once again expected to present visitors with an unforgettable cherry blossom-viewing experience.This years festival will be jointly promoted with other cherry blossom festivals and events occurring simultaneously in the Gwacheon area including Gwacheon City Hall, Lets Run Park, Seoul Land, and Gwacheon National Science Museum. You can also participate in a stamp tour at several cherry blossom paths. We highly recommend that you take advantage of the different cherry blossom festivals in Gwacheon to take in the enjoyment of various sceneries, events, and attractions.
On April 30, 2017 (Sunday) from 3pm to 8pm, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the 2017 Hangang Space-out Competition under Seongsandaegyo Bridge in Mangwon Hangang Park.The event will be performed with the concept, Give your brain a break at the Hangang River.All you have to do during the competition is to fight boredom and sleep by remaining awake. To win the competition, participants should maintain a stable heartbeat while wearing a heart rate monitor. The winner will be awarded a trophy and a certificate.To participate in the competition, submit an application on-line (https://www.spaceoutcompetition.com/) from 9am on April 3rd, to 6pm on April 6th. The evaluation committee will review all applications, especially focusing on motives, and select 70 participants. The 2017 Hangang Space-out Competition received over 3,500 applicants during the first day. The application has been closed early on April 4th.The programs of Hangang Space-out Competition will be carried out in the order of  Opening ceremony,  Space-out exercise,  Cardiography (all participants),  Citizens vote, and  Award ceremony.Inquiries: Hangang Project Headquarters (82-2-3780-0799)
On March 30, 2017 (Thursday) at 11am (local time), Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon, who is on a tour to three European countries under the theme of Sustainable City, visited Vienna, Austria. He visited Karl Marx Hof, known as one of the best public rental housing projects, and sought ways to both qualitatively and quantitatively improve the rental housing policy of Seoul. Austria has the second highest percentage of public rental housing (26%) among OECD member nations after the Netherlands. (S. Korea: 6.4%, based on data of 2015)The Seoul Metropolitan Government has provided over 100,000 public rental houses in the past five years. As a result, the SMG has successfully improved the inventory rate of public rental housing (the percentage of public rental houses among all residences), which is an indicator of residential stability of vulnerable groups, to 7.04% reaching close to the OECD average of 8%.Since Parks inauguration, the SMG has changed its quantitative housing supply policy to a customized housing policy considering different types of residents including young entrepreneurs, women, single-person households, senior citizens who live alone, and stage actors. At the same time, the SMG also seeks to improve the quality of public housing by installing more amenities.Karl Marx Hof, known as the largest single residential building in the world, is a large-scale tenement complex constructed in 1930 by the Vienna city government. The premises hold 1,382 apartments with a population of around 5,500 and include electric/gas/water supply facilities, green areas, and playgrounds. In particular, amenities such as laundromats, kindergartens, hospitals, and post offices account for about 20% of the total area. It is evident that Vienna tried to improve the quality of life for residents by installing these various amenities.Mayor Park said, Karl Marx Hof shows what SMG wishes to accomplish through its rental housing policy, in the sense that the municipal premises greatly improved public rental housing. Benchmarking the premises, we are going to seek ways to both quantitatively and qualitatively improve the public rental housing of Seoul and build more rental housing complexes that people would want to live in.At 12pm (local time) on the same day, Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon met with Vienna Mayor Michael Hupl at Vienna City Hall and had lunch together. They discussed ways to cooperate in areas of mutual interest such as public buildings, urban regeneration, culture, art, and economic democratization. In addition, they decided to sign a friendship agreement to accelerate their cooperation.Park invited Hupl to the 1st Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism 2017 to be held between September and November 2017 to share Viennas abundant experience in innovative housing and urban planning.The first meeting between the mayors of Seoul and Vienna is expected to promote the cooperative relations between the two cities. At 8am (local time), Mayor Park had breakfast with Lamberto Zannier, Secretary General of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE), and discussed mutual cooperation.
On May 20, 2017, Seoullo 7017 will open as the first overpass walkway in Korea. The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) has completed the construction of a midair connecting passageway that connects two buildings to Seoullo 7017. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will operate the Seoul Trade Academy for Foreigners with the goal of raising 750 trade experts among foreigners who wish to begin a trade startup in Seoul. The Seoul Trade Academy for Foreigners began operating in 2015 at the Seoul Global Center as an organization to support the financial independence of bilingual foreigners by nurturing them into trade experts and also to utilize them as a resource when developing overseas markets for small- and medium-sized Korean businesses.The trade academy offers a one-stop solution for trade startups which includes basic training, mentoring, networking with domestic manufacturers and distributors, distribution exchanges, business matching, and other programs. The 2017 Seoul Trade Academy for Foreigners will be operated in 30 sessions at three centers in Jongno, Gangnam, and Dongdaemun from March to November. Each session will be carried out for eight days for a total of 30 hours. Each center will provide weekday classes (19:00~22:00) and weekend classes (10:00~17:00) to provide more opportunities to foreign residents.All foreign residents interested in beginning a trade startup, exchange students, and marriage immigrants (including naturalized citizens) with Korean language skills equivalent to Level 4 on the Test of Proficiency in Korean (TOPIK) are welcome to apply. Inquiries: Seoul Global Center website: http://global.seoul.go.kr
2016 Seoul Night Market The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will expand the operation of the Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market to six locations and hold the opening ceremony at all six locations on March 24, 2017. The Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market will be held in the five locations including the two existing locations at  Yeouido Hangang Park and  Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP), which were highly popular in 2016, as well as the three new locations at  Banpo Hangang Park,  Cheonggyecheon Stream,  Cheonggye Plaza Seasonal Market and  Oil Tank Culture Park (September opening).The 2017 Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market will be held under the theme of Five Colors, Five Sentiments and each location will host unique magic shows and acoustic performances throughout the events to entertain residents and tourists. Food trucks are set to offer a variety of menus. There will be trucks that were highly popular in the 2016 Bamdokkaebi Night Market and new ones eager to present their creative menus in 2017. Handmade products include necklaces, brooches, and other accessories and props for interior decoration that contain the artists philosophy and hard work.The SMG plans to create a Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market brochure that provides the location of every food truck and handmade booth, which will become available for use by the end of April 2017. 
The Seoul Global Startup Center (hereinafter referred to as Seoul GSC) was founded in August 2016 as the first foreign startup support center in Korea. As of today, 35 multinational startups entered the Center and are building up market competitiveness.The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will recruit 30 foreign startups to move into the Seoul GSC (Yongsan-gu, Seoul, a total area of 2,828), an organization that has been assisting self-sustaining foreign startups, by April 14, 2017 (Friday). Selected startups are allowed to stay in the center for one year and may extend the period by another one year if they pass the evaluation process.The SMG funds up to 20 million won to an in-house startup company and also stations an in-house mentor who provides consultation on areas of difficulty regarding technology, marketing, incorporation, patents, and others. The Seoul GSC supports foreign startups so that they can grow into enterprises equipped with a competitive edge. Starting this year, the Center will offer various business incubating services in Chinese in order to encourage the participation of Chinese entrepreneurs accounting for 70% of foreigners living in Seoul.The Seoul GSC operates the Enternship (a combination of Entrepreneur and Intern) Program twice a year so that foreign students can experience business startups during their vacations. In 2017, the Center will also support business startups of entrepreneurial clubs operated by foreign students.Any foreigner who wants to start a business or promising foreign enterprises that have been founded within the last three years can submit an application to join the center. Successful applicants will be selected through a document screening and interview (presentation) process that focuses on the founders competency, adequacy of business plans, technology, and marketability.The Seoul GSC will receive applications until April 14 (Friday) and all required documents can be downloaded at the Seoul Global Startup Center website (http://seoulgsc.com). Contact the Seoul GSC (02-718-1170) for further information. If you would like more details, a presentation will be held at the Co-working Caf on the third floor of the Seoul GSC Building at 2pm on Monday April 3rd.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) completed the development of the Universal Design Guidelines so that all citizens can safely and conveniently enjoy pedestrian roads and public spaces such as parks, plazas, health centers, and welfare facilities.A Universal Design creates a convenient environment for all citizens including children, seniors, the disabled, and foreigners, regardless of their physical condition or language ability, sense and cognition. Also known as Design for All, the Universal Design is applicable to products, structures, spaces, and services.
Since Seoul is becoming more diverse, the program focuses on providing a comprehensive service that caters to the specific needs of different groups in Seoul including the disabled, seniors, children, and foreigners.
< Sidewalks > Restroom equipped with facilities for the handicapped and children
Refer to cases in which information on staircases and slopes enabled the planning of the flow (England)< Parks > Refer to a playground that utilizes the sound of bells and drums for blind children (Singapore)< Public Buildings > (Left) Enhanced user convenience in non-handicapped restrooms
(Right) Foothold for exchanging diapers (Japan)The SMG Universal Design Guidelines operates under the four principles of Convenience, Safety, Comfort, and Selectability. Based on these principles, the SMG offers practical guidelines for the 29 sub-categories in the three core areas of roads, parks and plazas, and public buildings, which form the foundation of an urban environment.For example, the main door should be automatic so that visitors with strollers or those with full arms can enter without difficulty. A diaper-changing station should be installed inside mens restrooms as well.The SMG will distribute a checklist along with the guidelines to the headquarters, business sites, affiliated organizations and each autonomous district in Seoul to make sure that managers can confirm the application of the guidelines. The checklist can also be downloaded at the SMG website (www.seoul.go.kr) and Design Seoul website (design.seoul.go.kr).
Seoul Public Bike, Ttareungyi, after 14 months into service, has recorded 1.72 million rentals at 450 rental spots across 11 autonomous districts throughout Seoul. The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) will increase the number of rental bikes from 5,600 to 20,000 by the end of 2017. With 20,000 bikes, Seoul will become the city with the second largest number of public bikes after Velib in Paris (23,600 as of 2016), which operates the most popularized public bike service in the world. To that end, the SMG will announce the Expansion and Improvement Measures for Seoul Public Bike, Ttareungyi and implement five measures in order to establish public bikes as a practical means of public transportation for the 21st century. The five measures include:  Increasing the number of bikes to 20,000,  Formation of the first Seoul Bike Special Zones,  Improvement of user services,  Expansion of the safety infrastructure for bikes including roads dedicated to bikes, and  Promotion of safety culture.< Increasing the number of bikes to 20,000 >The SMG will add 14,400 new public rental bikes in 2017 to provide a total of 20,000 bikes. This will increase the number of bikes per 10,000 citizens from 15 to 20. The number of rental spots will also be expanded from 450 in 11 autonomous districts to 1,300 in all 25 districts. In consideration of the floating population and demand for public bikes and also to allow people to get to the bike soon after transiting from public transportation, new rental spots will be located within 10 to 20 meters away from subway entrances, bus stops or taxi platforms and be placed at intervals of 500m.< Formation of the first Seoul Bike Special Zones >The SMG will form three Ttareungyi special zones in Seoul. The special zones will allow citizens to navigate their commute to work and school and shopping on the public bike. The goal is to work in connection with urban development projects to start building various infrastructure such as bike roads and rental spots at the planning stage to form residential districts that are optimized for public bike usage. < Improvement of user services >Using public bikes will become a lot easier. Starting in June, the self-verification stage, which was mandatory for foreigners and non-members of the Seoul Public Bike, Ttareungyi app, will be lifted. From then on, anyone can use the public bikes by simply going through the three stages of Mobile Webpage access  Payment for voucher  Rental using their credit card or mobile phone. An English service will also be available on the mobile app for foreign tourists. < Expansion of safety infrastructure for bikes including a road dedicated to bicycles >Safety regulations for bicycle usage will be reinforced along with the increase in the number of public bikes in Seoul. New bicycle roads will be built across 84.4 kilometers by 2020 with a focus on safety over quantitative expansion. Also, the first bicycle traffic light (bikes can go straight when the light turns green on the bicycle-shaped traffic light) in Seoul will start test operations on Gosanjagyo Bridge in Cheonggyecheon Stream in the first half of 2017 to ensure pedestrian and biker safety. < Promotion of safety culture >Lastly, the SMG will promote a safe bicycle culture to reduce accidents and improve the awareness of safety. The SMG will expand upon the Childrens Bike Certification System, which grants a license to children who passes written and field tests for bicycles, and target all 300,000 children who attend the 60 elementary schools in the city in 2018. To prevent accidents and promote a healthy bicycle culture, the SMG will expand upon the proportion of customized bicycle safety training programs for children, students, and adults and raise their effectiveness.  The SMG will create safety manuals and videos that contain information on safety instructions as well as laws governing bicycles and distribute them to the Office of Education and autonomous districts in Seoul and also post them on the websites of related organizations.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has been operating four pedestrian zones and providing an extensive range of events so that citizens could enjoy walking in car-free zones. In 2017, the SMG will hold more varied and specialized events and extend the scope and hours of pedestrian zones so that more citizens can enjoy walking. The Sejong-daero Pedestrian Zone (550m) which used to be created between Gwanghwamun three-way intersection to Sejong-daero intersection) on the first and third Saturdays of each month will be reborn as the Street of Urban-Rural Cooperation. Citizens can enjoy a variety of local events on the first Saturday of each month. In April, the signature madang nori (traditional Korean outdoor performance) of the Chunhyang Festival will be held. In addition, citizens can enjoy the bamboo archery program of the Damyang Bamboo Festival and wine tasting of the Yeongdong Wine Festival. Citizens will be able to enjoy the Gangneung Danoje Festival and the Gangjin Celadon Festival in May, and the Andong Maskdance Festival and the Imsil N Cheese Festival in June. In celebration of the fifth anniversary of Sejong Special Self-Governing City, the Sejong Festival and the Gangneung Coffee Festival will be held in September. The Market of Urban-Rural Cooperation will be held on the third Saturday of each month.For the Sejong-daero Pedestrian Zone, vehicle traffic is limited to one way (Gwanghwamun three-way intersection to Sejong-daero intersection, down only) centered on Gwanghwamun Square. In the first week of June and September, 2017, both sides of the road will be blocked (Gwanghwamun three-way intersection to Sejong-daero intersection, both up and down) to create a Sejong-daero Pedestrian Zone.A new pedestrian zone will open this year. For office workers, a 200-meter-long pedestrian zone (from Mugyo-ro behind City Hall to Cheonggyecheon-ro) will be test-operated for five days during April, from 11:30am to 1:30pm. Although the Pedestrian Zone of Deoksugung Stone Wall Path currently opens only for lunch time on weekdays, the operation hours will be extended to 11am-2pm on weekdays and 10am-5pm on weekends starting in April.The DDP Pedestrian Zone, which opened two years ago, will transform into a place for a variety of culture and traditions of the world. Considering its high density of night population, the operation hours of the DDP Pedestrian Zone will be extended by two hours in summer (May, June, and September). The Cheonggyecheon-ro Pedestrian Zone will be filled with a variety of food stands and market stalls. Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market will be held on every Saturday and Sunday. Gwanghwamun Hope Sharing Flea Market which currently opens in Gwanghwamun Square will be held on the first and third Sundays of each month after May, in the Cheonggyecheon-ro Pedestrian Zone.Inquiries: Walk & Bicycle Division +82-2-2133-2429
"The Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the Bukchon Spring Festival in Bukchon Hanok Village on March 25, 2017, from 10am to 4pm. At the festival, citizens can participate in Spring Flower Painting and enjoy Spring Picnic with a Commentator in Bukchon Hanok Village.For the Spring Flower Painting event, citizens will complete a beautiful flower banner together by coloring the pre-painted camellias and azaleas. Spring Picnic with Commentator is a Bukchon Hanok Village tour program provided by commentators who are well-versed with the landscape of Bukchon. Commentators of the Bukchon Traditional Culture Center will provide a tour program in Korean to visitors who have booked a tour. In addition, the Bukchon Traditional Culture Center provides an extensive range of traditional cultural programs including Chilbo Craft, Traditional Fabric Painting, Making Traditional Liquor, and Mini-Concert with Traditional Musical Instruments. From 2017, the Bukchon Traditional Culture Center operates the cultural programs every Saturday. In addition to preexisting traditional cultural programs, the Center will hold a variety of seasonal programs such as plays and performances, and develop local programs.Since March 2017, commentators have been welcoming visitors at the Bukchon Traditional Culture Center, the Hanok Support Center, and the Hanok Village Library. Commentators provide a detailed tour on traditional Korean houses in Bukchon Hanok Village to tourists and residents who visit one of the three places between 10am and 5pm. Cultural Programs	Inquiries: Bukchon Traditional Culture Center (+82-2-2133-1371/1372)"
The WeGO Smart Sustainable City Awards was established in 2011 to recognize and promote the outstanding ICT and e-Government practices of cities around the world. Through this regular international competition, the WeGO Smart Sustainable City Awards aims to encourage the incorporation of innovative ICT technology for the enhancement of administrative efficiency 
"	increase citizen access to public services and to actively share knowledge on innovative Smart Sustainable City strategies.The WeGO Smart Sustainable City Awards is given to the most successful smart city projects, selected by the WeGO Smart Sustainable City Awards Judging Panel in six categories.http://awards.we-gov.org"
"	All applications must be submitted online. Each city can submit up to two different project applications.I invite you to apply for the WeGO Smart Sustainable City Awards!Won-soon ParkMayor of Seoul, President of WeGOWeGO Awards"
