Seoul is hosting the 5th Cheonggyecheon Upcycle Festival together with social enterprises from October 15 to 21, 2019, at the section between Cheonggye Plaza and Gwangtonggyo Bridge. During the festival, Cheonggyecheon Stream, the symbol of recycling and restoration, will turn into an artistic space displaying upcycled artwork that were created from abandoned waste.Upcycle is a compound word combining upgrade and recycle. The festival will become a venue exhibiting a variety of upcycled artworks that are created by using waste resources and waste materials. Under the theme, Upcycle City, the festival is comprised of three sections: Life Up, Art Up, and Citizens Participatory Programs.The Life Up section takes place in Cheonggye Plaza, where sculptures created from aluminum cans are displayed. Set between Mojeongyo Bridge and Gwangtonggyo Bridge, the sidewalls of the Art Up section are decorated with prints and upcycled artworks. The Citizens Participatory Programs include making bracelets out of camellia flowers and sponge needlework art. Besides these sections, the Aluminum Can Recycling Campaign and a VR/AR experience center will be in operation.2018 Cheonggyecheon Upcycle Festival Ryu, Comma2018 Cheonggyecheon Upcycle Festival Ryu, Tree of Life2018 Cheonggyecheon Upcycle Festival Ryu, Urban Fantasy Garden
" 	Seoul will hold the 18th Seoul Silver Grass Festival in Haneul Park from October 18 to 24, 2019 when the period the growth of silver grass reaches its peak.Haneul Park, the location of the festival, was once a landfill before being reborn into a park in May 2002. Visitors can enter the park during the daytime, but normally at nighttime, entrance is restricted so that the wild animals can live their lives without disruption. However, during the seven days of the festival, Haneul Park will stay open until 10 p.m.This year, silver grasses in Haneul Park have grown more beautifully than last year. As the levels of rainfall and sunshine have been adequate, the silver grasses have grown more than 30 cm taller than last year, making a landscape of rich silver grass fields. All of the fields make for fantastic photo zones.The biggest charm that the Seoul Silver Grass Festival has to offer is walking along its narrow and broad trails that snake through the silver grass fields of Haneul Park. Visitors can find 10 different photo zones along these trails.For the only week in the year during which Haneul Park is open until 10 p.m., the Silver Grass Lighting Show will take place, where the silver grasses will be painted with different colored lights every day. The Silver Grass Lighting Show will be held at 7 p.m. and 8 p.m. every day of the festival. To enjoy the show to the fullest, come watch the show from the front of the information center in Haneul Park.Ivy has been growing over the past ten or so years at the place that was used as a storehouse for a long time. As its life as a storehouse came to an end, the city of Seoul searched for other ways to use, just like this park that was a landfill in its past life. As a result, the building turned into a resting area for citizens called, Storehouse of Memories, which will be open to the public for the first time during the festival.The most marvelous spectacle of the festival this year might be the massive silver grass sculpture standing in the silver grass field. The four-meter statue of the great spotted woodpecker, a protected species of Seoul discovered in Haneul Park, will also greet visitors.Cultural performances will take place in the silver grass fields, such as performances of folk songs, saxophone, ocarina, electric violin, and more. The performances will take place on the central stage, in the circular plaza, and at pavilion at 3 p.m., 5 p.m., and 7 p.m. on the weekends (October 19 and 20). On October 19, the lighting ceremony will be held to announce the opening of the festival.Inquiries: +82-2-300-5542 	Event: The 18th Seoul Silver Grass Festival"
"	Date & Time: October 18-24, 2019 until 10 p.m."
	Venue: Haneul Park
	Contents
" 	Mayor Park Won-soon participated in the Making a Clean Seoul, Hej Plogging event held at the Banpo Hangang Park lower waterside (Yebitseom Island) stage on October 12, 2019 with 1,500 other participants. After warming up and basic running training with the citizens, Mayor Park took part in the Walking Plogging course, which involved the activity of picking up trash while walking. Plogging is the combination of the Sweden term to pick up (plocka upp) and the English word jogging, and it represents the act of picking up trash while walking or jogging. This activity first began in Sweden in 2016. In his congratulatory speech, Mayor Park anticipated that the plogging event held with corporations and both public and social businesses would lead to the development of healthy habits that would solve the problem of waste produced at Hangang River, as well as disposables."
"	As a Solar City and metropolis that has demonstrated innovative climate leadership, Seoul was selected the final winner in the renewable energy category of the annual C40 Cities Bloomberg Philanthropies Awards. This is the second time Seoul was given this award after its first in 2014, and the reception of this award was an opportunity for Seoul to elevate its status as a Solar City in the international society. Seoul received high scores for reduction of greenhouse gases, decrease in air pollution, creation of jobs, support for low-income classes, and other environmental benefits through the provision of solar power, the renewable energy most suitable for an overpopulated metropolis like Seoul, in addition to co-benefits such as an equal creation of economic and social benefits. By 2022, Solar City Seoul will supply one million households with mini solar power stations, install solar power in every single public site where installation is possible, and promote the solar power industry to increase the total solar power generation to 1GW. Including the new supply of 52MW in solar power installation in 2018 and a total installation capacity of 203.6 MW, the Solar City Seoul project generated 237,805MWh in annual energy for reductions of 109tCO2 in greenhouse gases and 27.6 tons of fine particulate matter. It is anticipated that the project will produce up to 4,500 jobs by 2022. The mayor of Seoul is currently active as Vice-chair of C40 Cities and a committee member of C40 Cities in East Asia. Seoul will be a part of the C40 Mayors Summit for the awards ceremony and the private committee meeting of the C40 Cities Climate Leadership Group. At this Summit, Seoul expressed support for the Global Green New Deal, which was selected as a key agenda topic for C40, and participated in the air quality improvement declaration and planetary health diet declaration in agreement to make leading efforts to reduce of particulate matter and improve healthy diets. "
" 	With the opening of the 2020 S/S Seoul Fashion Week, which will take place from October 14 to October 19, Seoul is expected to catch the attention of fashionistas from around the globe with a colorful fashion show by Koreas top and rising designers, 120 brands in total, and professional order negotiations by e-commerce buyers. 	Celebrating its 20th anniversary, Seoul Fashion Week will greet the 10 million Seoul citizens and fashion people from around the world with a  fashion show (Seoul Collection and others),  trade show (order negotiations), and  citizen-participatory events. 	There will be four large fashion shows during the October Seoul Fashion Week: the Seoul Collection with participation by the nations top designers, Generation Next by up-and-coming fashion designers, the Foreign Exchange Fashion Show as a part of an exchange and cooperation with London Fashion Week (the worlds four largest fashion weeks), and the SFW Young Talents Show by young fashion dreamers. 	Seoul Collection will feature 33 colorful fashion shows by Koreas top designers. The fashion show venues are DDP Art Hall 2 and Sallim (B3). More information on the schedule and venues can be found on the Seoul Fashion Week website (http://www.seoulfashionweek.org). 	There will be 20 Generation Next shows, fashion shows by rising designers who will widen the K-fashion base and create new fashion trends. The venue for Generation Next is the GN Hall that will be installed at the center of DDPs Oullim Square to host this creative fashion show that will feature works by up-and-coming designers. 	In addition to these shows, there will be the Foreign Exchange Fashion Show by a fashion designer based in London and the SFW Young Talents Show that will be held for the promotion of the new generation fashion designers.   Ashley Williams "
		 Debut: 2015 SS London Fashion Week (Sept. 2014)
		 Awarded NewGen Award by the British Fashion Council (2014)
		 Selected as Emerging Designer at 2015 Elle Style Awards
"	The Trade Show, a gathering for professional order negotiations, will also be held for the promotion of businesses run by Seoul fashion designers and their advancement into the global market. A total of 120 brands will participate in the Trade Show with additional participation by over 500 local and overseas buyers. 135 buyers from the twelve Asian countries with the most purchasing power were invited, including China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Thailand, and Dubai. The 1:1 Business Meetings between participating designers and buyers will actively support the advancement of excellent fashion items into the global market. 	As Seoul Fashion Week is expected to gain the attention of local and foreign fashionistas, the event will not only feature fashion shows, but it will become a forum that dives into the future of fashion and seeks a direction for growth to attract citizens. The forum will be open for all citizens to participate."
Vietnam shows a high preference for Korea as a medical tourism destination, having sent 7,532 medical tourists to Korea in 2018 (ranking 8th in number of medical tourists). Ho Chi Minh City, the venue for events, is Vietnams core economic city with twice the average GDP per capita of Vietnam itself.  Current status of Vietnamese medical tourists visiting Korea (source: Korea Health Industry Development Institute) This briefing session will introduce Seouls excellent medical tourism infrastructure and its current status to individuals associated with medical institutions, medical tourism agencies, and travel agencies (about 70 individuals), in addition to offering medical tourism package guides from domestic medical institutions and attracting organizations to publicize the various charms of Seouls medical tourism. The on-site tourism briefing session will open 1:1 consultations for substantial business meetings between participating businesses and local enterprises to support the creation of various medical tourism packages for Seouls visitors. The standards of on-site medical environments will be grasped through the briefing session and visits to major hospitals, such as the Medic Medical Center and Korean hospitals making their debuts in Vietnam. Support will be offered for the construction of networks essential for sending mutual tourists.  Seoul will introduce major medical tourism policies and discuss cooperative measures for the revitalization of tourism exchange between the two countries, with a visit to Ho Chi Minh City and discussions with officials as means of fortifying sustainable cooperation. 
By 2022, Seoul will be a data-free city where anyone can access free public Wi-Fi wherever they go. The public Internet of Things (IoT) network will be extended to all areas of Seoul for the use of shared parking, smart streetlamps, disappearance prevention, and other citizen-related services that utilize IoT sensors. The 12 million overseas tourists who visit Seoul each year will be able to access public Wi-Fi for speedy searches of travel information on their smartphones. It is anticipated that this expansion will contribute to convenient traveling and increased satisfaction. Seoul announced the Smart Seoul Network (S-Net) Promotion Plan that details a meticulous establishment of a smart city infrastructure throughout all of Seoul, and the city will actualize universal communication welfare and guarantee basic communication rights. A total of KRW 102.7 billion will be invested in this project over a three-year period (2020-2022). As the smartphone has become essential in citizens lives and both data and Wi-Fi have come to be a crucial existence, this project is expected to reduce the burden of communication costs. Through this project, Seoul will get a head start in responding to the demands for a communication infrastructure that is expected to rise explosively in the future. By 2022, the Smart Seoul Network (S-Net) will be constructed, creating a city communication network that will stretch 4,237 km throughout Seoul. Organizations have established communication networks in the past for administrative duties or facility management, but this will be the first case in the world where a communication network will be constructed throughout an entire metropolis like Seoul. Based on the communication network, Seoul will expand the zone of public Wi-Fi that currently covers 31% of living zones to 100%. The public Internet of Things (IoT) network will also be extended through all of Seoul. Once the public Wi-Fi and Internet of Things (IoT) is established, a hyper-connected city will be completed where all people and things are connected to a network. The additional public Wi-Fi access points (16,330) that are scheduled to be installed will first be installed in bus stops, transportation facilities, CCTV supports, autonomous district networks, and other existing city/district facilities to reduce costs. Smart City Seoul policies like shared parking that utilizes attached IoT sensors, the smart streetlamps that automatically alert the police when crisis is detected, and the IoT disappearance prevention that utilizes the locations of children and elders with dementia will be implemented throughout the city of Seoul. It is anticipated that the speed of city data collection and use for the creation of citizen-related policies will pick up. 
Five active global influencers, including beauty creators, based in foreign countries who have thousands or millions of subscribers will become honorary ambassadors for Seoul who will advertise Seoul to the global community.Those five include  VRZ0, the online prince in Thailand and a creator in the fields of entertainment and game who has 6.02 million YouTube subscribers,  Shang Wenjie, a major Chinese influencer who has 1.99 million YouTube subscribers and is advertising Korea with K-beauty and K-lifestyle contents,  Joan Kim, a creator from the United States who are active based on North America and Southeast Asia in the fields of fashion and make-up having 550,000 YouTube subscribers,  Sissel, a Danish fashion and beauty creator active in the English-speaking world having 460,000 YouTube subscribers, and  Changmakeup, a Vietnamese content creator who has 1.1 million YouTube subscribers. The total number of subscribers of the five influencers amounts to over 10 million.The five individuals will work as global honorary ambassadors of Seoul for the next year. They will star in promotion videos in two versions, 15 seconds and 90 seconds long, with the background of Seouls attractions, including Bukchon Hanok Village, DDP, Cheonggyecheon Stream, Sebitseom Island, and Sangam Metasequoia Road.The 15-second promotion video will be screened on 1,000 screens in local movie theaters in six countries (United States, China, Turkey, Vietnam, Indonesia and Myanmar) for two weeks in October, from the 15th to the 29th, before screening the movie. The 90-second promotion video will be distributed through media such as the individual YouTube channels and Instagram accounts of the five honorary ambassadors.Seoul has held the appointment ceremony for the five global honorary ambassadors.Seoul is expecting the creators who have a high popularity and powerful influence will play the role of the bridges between Seoul and foreigners, and make the city and its brand, ISEOULU, feel friendlier to foreign communities.The promotion video that will be screened on theater screens is expected to be exposed to about 2.52 million people. The city is anticipating that another video that will be posted online by the influencers will see at least 200 million views.Profiles of Global Honorary Ambassadors of Seoul
Nationality: USA (1), China (1), Denmark (1), Thailand (1), Vietnam (1)
"Seoul will be hosting the 2019 Seoul Drone Challenge in the Hangang Drone Park in Gwangnaru on October 12, 2019. The event will let visitors experience operating drones, a core field in the Fourth Industrial Revolution.2019 Seoul Drone Challenge, organized by the city of Seoul, will be operated to expand the base related to drones and promote the development of the drone industry. The main programs include  the Drone Launching Show,  Drone Racing,  Drone Experience and Exhibition, and more. Additional events will provide various things to watch and participatory programs as well.	 The Drone Launching Show will be hosted three times with demonstrations of drone operation in the three fields of leisure, industry, and safety. Unlike the existing static events that were only comprised of exhibitions, this event will be dynamic and lively with drones soaring over the Hangang River. The Drone Launching Show will take place at two different times, 14:40-15:00 and 17:00-17:15. Drone Racing will take place at the drone racing stadium and runway in the Hangang Drone Park in Gwangnaru. In the FPV (First Person View) racing event, the video each player watches through his or her goggles will be transmitted on stage, accompanied by live commentary by a commentator and an announcer.From drone steer racing, where drones thread their way to avoid obstacles, to drone sprint racing, the first competition of its kind in the nation that selects the drone that flies the fastest through the straight 100-meter course, the audience can enjoy the lively and animated drone sports with live commentary. Drone Experience and Exhibition will consist of various programs, including drone education and experiences, such as drone curating, drone fishing, drone VR simulator, 3D pen experience, drone DIY, and drone soccer.On the other hand, at the opening and closing ceremonies, visitors can see a drone cluster flight, where 100 drones fly over the Hangang River in perfect order, along with a show of drones flying to dynamic music. In the drone cluster flight, 100 drones make different shapes in the air each minute. In the evening, drones will fly in a cluster with LED lights on their bodies, brightening up the riverside.Aside from the drone DIY program, all participatory programs are open to the public, free of charge, with no need for advance reservations. For more information, visit the application page on the website of Seoul Drone Challenge.ProgramDrone Racing CompetitionDrone Flight ProgramDrone Exhibition / Participatory Program"
On the occasion of the 100th National Sports Festival, the city of Seoul has extended a special invitation to 14 descendants of persons of distinguished service to the independence of Korea who are living overseas, in Cuba, Mexico, China, and the United States.The special invitation was made with the purpose of reflecting the historical significance of the National Sports Festival which has its roots in the Joseon National Baseball Championship (1920), a competition that took place based on national union the 100th edition of which coincides with the centenary of the March 1 Movement and the establishment of the provisional government of the Republic of Korea.Six out of 14 are the descendants of independence activists who took the lead of a large-scale supporting campaign in Mexico at the time of the March 1 Movement and constantly provided funds for the independence movement to the provisional government of the Republic of Korea from the countries of Mexico and Cuba. The guests are treading on the soil of their homeland for the first time in response to the invitation from the central and local government.The descendants of independence activists who are visiting Korea this time will stay in Seoul for 9 days and 8 nights on October 2-11, 2019, to participate in various events and activities. During their stay, they will partake in a variety of programs, including visiting historic sites of the independence movement, the Independence Hall of Korea, and Namsangol Hanok Village.Seoul also invited these guests of honor to join the teams of Korean players living overseas at the official welcoming luncheon that will be held on October 8 by the Mayor of Seoul in order to pay grateful homage to the sacrifice and commitment of the independence activists of the nation.
The 2019 Seoul Garden Fair (October 3-9) has kicked off. While pervious garden fairs took place in a large park, this years edition is being held in Haebangchong, an downtown residential area with a long history, in line with the theme of Gardens, Seeds for Urban Restoration. This year, the garden fair is aiming at urban restoration, through which to infuse the gray city with a green breath by establishing small gardens in every nook and cranny, such as neighborhood markets, bus stops, flower beds beside dwellings, and vacant lots gathering waste paper.The space setting of this fair is also different from the ones before. In previous years, fancy show gardens were established forming a space, while this year, a linear garden road connecting the points from Haebangchong and Baekbeom Square to the ones in Seoullo 7017 and Mallidong Square is on display.Having this in view, 32 neighborhood gardens that reflect the characteristics of each village have been created in Haebangchon, the main stage of this years garden fair. Specifically, in Sinheung Market, which opened in 1968, a garden that looks like a rainbow will welcome visitors.Baekbeom Square will offer various experience and exhibition programs to enable visitors to enjoy the gardens while enjoying a picnic in a spot where they can look down on a panoramic view of Seoul. Mallidong Square and Seoullo 7017 will be decorated with 10 pop-up gardens, which are creative and experimental gardens created in the short time of 7 hours and a half.Seoul will make this years garden fair into a festival that achieves four goals: the  urban restoration,  local co-existence,  citizen participation, and  recharge of art and culture.Firstly, being that his edition is the first fair for urban restoration, it will plant the seed of local revitalization by creating 32 neighborhood gardens in Haebangchon, a downtown residential area with few parks or green areas.In Mallidong Square (Seoullo 7017) and Baekbeom Square, 38 gardens will be created to turn the desolate city with gray skyscrapers into a space for healing. These gardens include  10 pop-up gardens,  25 gardens for each autonomous district in collaboration with artists that have been selected by the Seoul Garden Fair, and  3 themed gardens.Secondly, in order to make the garden fair a venue for local vitalization and local co-existence, cooperative projects with local merchants and garden-related companies are conducted.Thirdly, beyond only appreciating the gardens, visitors can take part in gardening and communing with nature through participatory programs.Fourthly, colorful art and culture performances, such as the garden concert in the fall evening, a band performance, and other small performances, as well as an exhibition of sculptures, will take place at the main stage of Mallidong Square and Baekbeom Square from October 3 to 9.2019 Seoul Garden Fair: http://festival.seoul.go.kr/garden
Park Won-soon, the Mayor of Seoul, gave a welcoming speech at the opening ceremony of the 100th National Sports Festival that took place on October 4, 2019, at the main stadium of the Jamsil Sports Complex, Seoul.Beginning with the opening ceremony, the 100th National Sports Festival will see 47 events take place in 72 stadiums, with the participation of 30,000 individuals including 17 teams of players from different Korean cities and provinces as well as 18 teams of overseas Korean players.Before the opening ceremony, Mayor Park Won-soon hosted a luncheon as a celebratory event for 2019 General Assembly of Presidents of Korean Residents Associations in Foreign Countries and the 13th Korean Day. More than 500 Koreans living in over 80 foreign countries, who are visiting Korea, were welcomed at the luncheon.
The Salvation Army Central Hall, a modern building located in a section of the Deoksugung Stonewall Walkway, has reborn as the Jeongdong 1928 Art Center and open to the public. The center officially opened on October 4, 2019, enabling visitors to experience a vivid historical cultural heritage not only by admiring the exterior of the building that was built in 1928, but also by enjoying a variety of cultural and artistic performances inside.As the city of Seoul pursues a historical restoration and revitalization project in Jeong-dong, the Salvation Army took the lead in the local revitalization so that its Central Hall could be reborn as a historical and cultural foothold where citizens can enjoy performances, exhibitions, and a sense of community. Located in 1-23, Jeong-dong, Jung-gu, Jeongdong 1928 Art Center was established through a public-private joint urban restoration and revitalization project. As part of this project, the Salvation Army remodeled and provided the building, while the city of Seoul established an open area in front of the building and connected it to a walkway for historical exploration, improving its utility as an open cultural space.
Jeongdong 1928 Art Center will be operated as a space for culture and rest, equipped with a performance hall, conference room, gallery, and workshop. In association with the Salvation Army Museum of History, the center will offer a variety of programs and spatial value related to modern history and culture.Jeongdong 1928 Art Center is expected to become a new local attraction that will provide diverse contents by delivering cultural sensibility in its the elegant interior, renovated as an antique culture and art space, which goes well with the modern atmosphere of this historical asset. The space will also be utilized to the maximum extent in various historical revitalization activities, such as the culture revitalization pilot programs of the historical restoration and revitalization project in Jeongdong, and to promote participation in the local consultative group.Designated as Seoul Monument No. 20 in 2002, the Central Hall of the Salvation Army was built as a Salvation Army Officer Training College in 1928 and used for the missionary work, education, and social voluntary service of the Salvation Army. 
Seoul will run a safety campaign called BW-BH (Bike-to-Work, Bike-Home) Day for a month, starting on October 16, 2019, together with citizens who use their bikes to commute to and from work.As bikes become a vital means of transportation for individuals, beyond a simple means of leisure, and the number of people commuting by bike is increasing, the campaign was planned to establish the right to bike and promote the existence of bikes as one of the major means of transportation in Seoul.This campaign is an extension of the First and Second Seoul Bicycle Parade. Residents of Seoul and bicycle riders groups who commute by bike can participate in the campaign. After sending an application form using the website (http://www.seoul.go.kr), all participants including office workers, groups, and individuals can join the parade to work or home from all directions in Seoul.The first parade will take place on October 16. Participants from four directions will gather at Cheonggye Plaza at 8:10 a.m. and run the bicycle safety campaign for the safe use of bicycles, before finishing the commuting ride. For the ride home in the evening, participants will gather at Cheonggye Plaza at 6:30 p.m. to run the bicycle safety campaign and post the photos they take after arriving at their destinations.Eligible participants are citizens of 18 years or older who can commute up to 15 km riding their bikes while wearing safety gear, such as helmets.Overview
Date & Time: October 16  November 6 (Every Wednesday, to work and to home, 8 times)
  Oct. 16, Oct. 23, Oct. 30, Nov. 6: to work 06:30-08:30, to home 18:30-20:30
Program: Departure/arrival, photos at each point, bicycle safety campaign, safety check, etc.
Operation System
 Taking photos before the departure (after the arrival), individual departure and riding together from (until) the middle point
 Riding in a line to work (to home) without traffic control, observing traffic signals
ISEOULU Peace Delegation, which is comprised of four individuals including famous creators, influencers, and artists, starts Peace Journey through Eurasia in order to promote Seoul, the City of Peace to foreigners while moving from Vladivostok, Russia, to Berlin, Germany.The members of ISEOULU Peace Delegation include  Min Kyung-ha, a Russia-specialized YouTuber with 600,000 followers, who provides content related to South Korea in Russia,  Jung Sang-gyu, the author of Forgotten Independence Activists and the developer of an app called Independence Activists,  Kim Gyu-hyeong, a photographer who is advertising the beauty of Seoul by publishing Seoul Snap 12, a collection of photos of Seoul, and  Jeong Seung-bin, a travel drawing artist. The city of Seoul will conduct online marketing for overseas promotion delivering the message of yearning for peace on the Korean peninsula, celebrating the 100th anniversary of the establishment of the Korean provisional government and the March 1 Movement.Seoul has planned the project, in particular, to introduce Seoul, the City of Peace to the Eurasian region and promote Seoul as the starting point of the Seoul-Russia-Europe course, preparing for the 30th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic ties between Korea and Russia in 2020.The ISEOULU Peace Delegation, consisting of four members, will promote Seoul in each city where the Trans-Siberian Express stops, including Vladivostok, Irkutsk, and Moscow, as well as in Berlin, from October 1 (Tue.) to 11 (Fri.), 2019.During this period, on October 8, an invitation performance by Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra will be performed at Zaryadye Concert Hall, Moscow. Not only through the concert by the orchestra but through the promotion co-organized by the city of Seoul, Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra, and Seoul Tourism Organization, Seoul will be advertised to the Russian people who will visit the concert hall.
The 100th National Sports Festival and 39th National Para Games will be a 12-day race, beginning with the opening ceremony that will take place at the Jamsil Stadium in Seoul on October 4, 2019. The theme of the opening ceremony will be The Myth of Body, the Birth of a Century.The main performance will be a splendid performance harmoniously carried out by 2,229 people, including artists, regular citizens, people with developmental disabilities, and volunteers. For the performance, a variety of imaging techniques will be mobilized using the top of the stadium, the entrance of the auditorium, the banisters, and the ground. The message the performance will deliver is that a future full of the light of hope will be built by the star athletes who have created the 100 years of history of the National Sports Festival together with the nameless stars who have led the history of the Republic of Korea.The highlight of the opening ceremony will be the torch lighting ceremony of the National Sports Festival that will take place in Seoul for the first time in 33 years since the festival of 1986. The torch that will have traveled via the greatest number of torchbearers (1,100 individuals) running the greatest distance (2,019 km) for the longest period of time (13 days) in the history of the festival will enter Jamsil Stadium, its final destination.On the other hand, the four main areas of focus in which Seoul is investing are  the 100th festival connecting the history with the future,  a cultural festival gathering the cultural and artistic assets of Seoul,  a participatory festival with the participation of citizens, and  an inspiring festival of hospitality for the happiness of all citizens.First, in order to turn the national festival that was launched 100 years ago into a festival of the Republic of Korea that begins a new century, the festival has been prepared to become a venue of unification where all people participate in every event, from the torch relay and opening/closing ceremonies to making commemorative coins and exhibitions.Secondly, the Seoul Culture Festival will be held, where 25 events encompassing a variety of festivals, performances, and cultural resources of the city will be gathered for a month. The cultural festival will draw participation from areas all over the nation, beyond the city of Seoul. It will take place throughout downtown Seoul, including Jamsil Stadium, Seoul Plaza, and Gwanghwamun Square.Thirdly, a total of 7,777 volunteers, the largest number since the beginning of the festival, and 10,000 citizens supporters are the unsung heroes of the participatory festival, the National Sports Festival. In order to make the festival become friendly for the disabled, the live commentary service for the visually disabled will be introduced for the first time in the festival, as well as medical support for the prevention of pain of disabled athletes in consideration of their physical characteristics. During the National Sports Festival, a Seoul Global Sports Festival will be held as an extra event in which foreigners living in Korea and multicultural families can participate.Fourthly, Seoul will make the National Sports Festival an opportunity to promote the city, kindly welcoming guests and advertising the attractions that the city has to offer. For the swift transportation of over 39,000 players, a total of 3,714 vehicles, including buses, rental cars, and taxis will be provided.
The Seoul Urban Life Museum officially opened on September 26, 2019, successfully wrapping up its two-month temporary opening. The museum will be a space for dialogue and harmony between generations, where visitors can learn about the modern and contemporary lives of residents of Seoul while viewing over 1,100 hand-stained relics from the period between the 1950s and the present.With the official opening of the Seoul Urban Life Museum, all facilities in the museum will be open to the public. Specifically, visitors can now view  the special exhibition entitled The Collectors Room,  the Detention Center Exhibition Hall, and  the Courtroom Experience Center.The special exhibition entitled The Collectors Room (Main Building, Exhibition Hall, 4F) is a participatory exhibition where seven citizen collectors exhibit their collections. The stories related to the relics of various fields, including music, sports, theater, and collection, are narrated in a reorganized form in the exhibition. What made the owners start to collect the items and the stories behind those items will feed into the atmosphere and memories of the time, drawing interest from visitors of all ages.The Detention Center Exhibition Hall (annex, 1-4F) has been restored to the original appearance of a detention center where prisoners on trial were kept in custody. Visitors can vividly experience the exhibition room while wearing the outfits of a warden or a prisoner. In another section of the exhibition room, a reproduced old alley will provoke nostalgia and reminiscence as the home to a comic book cafe, music cafe, and stationery store, the representative entertainment and cultural spaces of the 1970s and 1980s.The Courtroom Experience Center (Main Building, Childrens Experience Center, 1F) restores the former appearance of the courtroom of the old Northern Branch of Seoul District Court and hosts an educational program in which mock trials take place. The space serves as the stage for a play, vividly resembling the appearance of a courtroom and enhancing educational effects. Those who want to participate in the play should make a reservation on the Seoul Reservation for Public Service (yeyak.seoul.go.kr). Up to 30 individuals can take part in the play that takes places once a day and up to five individuals per reservation can apply for participation.Seoul Urban Life Museum consists of three buildings with a gross area of 6,919 (from 1F to 5F). It is composed of  the Exhibition Hall (from 1F to 4F of the Main Building),  the Childrens Experience Center (from 1F to 2F of the Main Building),  the Detention Center Exhibition Hall (Annex 1), and  seminar rooms (Annex 2). The Exhibition Hall from 1F to 3F of the Main Building is the space in which visitors can look into the stories of the daily lives of the people who live in Seoul by viewing the relics provided by donations from 56 patrons and listening to interviews with 85 citizens of Seoul.The Seoul Urban Life Museum is open from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. every week from Tuesday to Sunday. Admission is free. Visiting some parts of the museum, including the childrens experience center, requires a reservation. More information is available on the official website (www.museum.seoul.kr/sulm/index.do). 
On September 30, 2019, Mayor Park Won-soon presented an honorary citizenship of Seoul to Mihhail Klvart, the Mayor of Tallinn, Estonia.Born to a second-generation ethnic Korean mother and Estonian father, Mihhail Klvart, Mayor of Tallinn, is known as a third-generation ethnic Korean who values and respects Korean culture and tradition. He has contributed to the promotion of Korean culture having served for a long time as the president of the Estonian Taekwondo Federation.The visit of Mayor Mihhail Klvart to Seoul is a visit thanking Mayor Park Won-soon for visiting Tallinn in 2018. At the time, Mayor Park signed a Friendship City agreement with the city of Tallinn. During his visit to Seoul, Mayor Mihhail Klvart will also attend 2019 Seoul Smart City Summit & Conference that will be held in Dongdaemun Design Plaza.
Seoul will be launching the Smart Seoul Gallery through which visitors can experience innovative smart city services and technologies that are changing citizens lives. The gallery will open in March 2020 in Seoul Citizens Hall, located on B1 of the new building of Seoul City Hall. The fancy lights and videos delivered through the LED wall that will be installed on the outer wall of the gallery will represent a dynamic smart city in which data are generated and collected from the sensors throughout the city and connected through the public Wi-Fi.Visitors can also experience the Digital Citizens Mayor Office that grafts the ICT onto administrative information on the city of Seoul, including information related to transportation, emergencies, and prices. In other parts of the gallery, visitors can have VR and AR experiences and offer their own suggestions for solving urban problems by connecting to Democracy Seoul, the citys online platform, using the displayed smart devices.By establishing the Smart Seoul Gallery, the city of Seoul will enable regular citizens to have an idea of such smart city services that are altering their lives, ranging across various fields like transportation, safety, environment, welfare, and more.Specifically, the gallery will become a must-visit course for officials from overseas cities. Such officials are visiting Seoul in greater numbers to make reference to Seouls smart city services.The gallery will also be a platform for the domestic and international promotion of the capabilities of the city of Seoul and participating companies in terms of creating smart city policies, being the springboard for the companies to enter overseas markets and solidifying the status of Seoul as a smart city.The concept of the Smart City Gallery is Seoul, Changing Citizens Lives with Data. The exhibition space will be divided into five themes, including  the generation and collection of data,  the decision-making based on data,  the cases of using data,  the participation of citizens, and  the promotion of companies.
Suwon-si and Hwaseong-si in Gyeonggi-do, Seoul will host King Jeongjos Royal Parade from October 5-6, 2019. This event will be the nations largest royal parade that reenacts the entire 1795 Eulmyonyun Hwaseong Procession from Changdeokgung Palace to Yungneung Royal Tomb.The reenactments of King Jeongjos Royal Parade began in a section of Suwon (8 km.) in Suwon-si in 1996. Starting in 2016, Seoul began participating in this event, reenacting the section from Changdeokgung Palace to Hwaseong Fortress, Suwon. In 2017, Hwaseong-si also began participating to perfectly reenact the entire section to the Yungneung Royal Tomb, and Gyeonggi-do Province also started participating in 2018, presenting a successful joint, local government festival. The 59-km royal parade with participation of a total of 5,043 individuals and 552 horses is scheduled to progress with a reenactment by Seoul from Changdeokgung Palace to the Siheung Temporary Palace, followed by progression by Suwon-si and Hwaseong-si through the Gyeonggi-do section. For the reenactment of King Jeongjos Royal Parade together with citizens, the main roles of King Jeongjo and Lady Hyegyeong were selected through public participation. This year, participation in the parade group of citizens largely expanded to 340 citizens in the actual parade, the Festival Parade, and the Parade for the Success of the 100th National Sports Festival. There will be various citizen-participatory events at the main stops of Changdeokgung Palace, Baedari, Nodeulseom Island, Suwon Hwaseong Fortress, and Yungneung Royal Tomb such as the citizen Baedari experience, food market, King Jeongjo thematic exhibition, traditional and cultural performances, and more.The citizen Baedari experience will take place on October 5 (10:00-16:00). Participants can take the stairs or elevator of the Hangangdaegyo Bridge Caf Rio and Caf Nodeul, using the Baedari to enter Nodeulseom Island. All other entrances to the event venue via Nodeulseom Island will be closed. The Baedari experience will come to a close at 16:00. Because the Baedari and all traffic on Nodeulseom Island will be blocked thereafter, participants must leave Nodeulseom Island before 16:00. Viewing of the 2019 Seoul International Fireworks Festival from Nodeulseom Island will not be permitted due to safety issues. However, the Baedari will be open from 11:00-17:00 on the 6th. Traffic control will be conducted for a smooth operation of King Jeongjos Royal Parade, so traffic congestion is expected in some sections of Seoul, Suwon, and Hwaseong on the day of the event. Traffic control and detour signs will be set up around the controlled areas, banners will be installed, and traffic police and model drivers will be stationed for vehicle detour guidance and traffic control. Bus routes in the controlled sections will be temporarily rearranged.Inquiries: King Jeongjos Royal Parade 2019 Seoul Management Office (82-2-786-0610), King Jeongjos Royal Parade website (https://www.kingjeongjo-parade.kr/) 
Seoul has designated the ten days from September 27 to October 6, 2019 as the Seoul Welcome Week 2019 (fall season) to hold large-scale welcome events to greet foreigners.The foreign tourist welcoming week this fall will revolve around the theme EAT & STAY, offering the largest discounts to foreigners at restaurants and lodging facilities in Seoul. Seoul plans to provide information for about 190 locations in six tourism business areas (lodging, food, concerts/exhibitions/culture, entertainment/leisure/experience, shopping, reservation services) so that foreigners visiting Seoul can receive more practical discount benefits.The Welcome Week Online Coupon, offered for the convenience of Free Independent Tourists, will be made to provide foreigners with various discounts and services. Offers and event schedules for the 190 businesses and the Welcome Week Online Coupon are available on the Seoul Welcome Week website (http://seoulwelcomeweek.com). Popular tourist attractions, such as Namsan Mountain, Dongdaemun, and Namdaemun, will provide mobile welcoming centers (Tourist Service Center) operated together with the Visit Korea Committee. The mobile welcoming centers will feature foreigner multilingual tourism information, Seoul tourist attraction VR experiences, traditional dance performances, Taekkyeon performances, and nail art experiences to fully contribute to the creation of a hospitable atmosphere for foreign tourists.  Tourist Service Center installment locations and hours of operationThe welcoming atmosphere can also be felt at the Incheon International Airport and Gimpo International Airport, places heavily sought by foreign tourists, in addition to tourist attractions throughout Seoul. During the Welcome Week, images and welcoming messages will be displayed on electronic boards in Seoul and at Incheon and Gimpo Airports. Welcoming messages will be delivered through streetlamp banners in Jung-gu, Songpa-gu, Mapo-gu, and Yongsan-gu, neighborhoods that are frequently visited by foreigners. * Discounts differ depending on the participating company. Details are available on the Seoul Welcome Week website.
THE RIDE is a theater bus that combines theater content with a bus tour in New York, United States. THE RIDE is a unique tourist product that offers the perspective of the whole city as a stage while watching aboard the bus. This program was introduced in a popular entertainment program in Korea and became a mandatory course for people travelling to New York. This fall, Seoul will also introduce a new tour bus, Performance, City Tour Bus, that combines a city tour with performances. Seoul will offer special performances of Seouls contents for Korean and foreign passengers on partial lines of the Seoul City Tour Bus and the Yellow Balloon City Bus for eight weeks, from September 25 to November 17, 2019. At the bus stop on Daehak-ro, a Mecca for performers, a magician will board the bus for a magic show that will unfold before passengers eyes, and a traditional Taekwondo performance will take place outside their windows when passing by Gyeongbokgung Palace. Seoul Plaza, with its harmony of modern buildings and traditional architecture, will host a performance combining breakdancing with traditional dance, showcasing Seouls charms where tradition merges with the present. The light beats of dance sport performances staged for passengers while they pass by the Seoul Station Bus Transfer Center will allow them to feel the vastness of fast-paced Seoul. On lines with additional performances, guides will board the buses and introduce each performance at every stopping point in addition to help out with passenger-participatory content. Seoul City Tour Bus, Course A (City Gogung-Namsan Course) will operate twice (12:30, 15:00) on Wednesdays and Thursdays and twice (12:20, 14:50) on Saturdays. Course A passes by the Grand Hyatt Seoul and goes around the Gwanghwamun Ticket Office, allowing passengers to board and watch performances midway through the route or freely board and get off during performances at the stop of their choice. The traditional culture course of the Yellow Balloon City Bus circles around DDP (Dongdaemun Design Plaza) twice (11:00, 13:00) on Fridays and three times (10:00, 12:00, 14:00) on Sundays. This course will operate as performance-exclusive buses. After boarding at DDP, passengers will watch all performances without getting off until the bus makes its round back to DDP. Various performances and things to see that depict the charms of each attraction, in addition to the convenience that the City Tour Bus offers in terms of easy sightseeing of Seouls main tourist attractions, are expected to be added to further the enjoyment of local and overseas tourists in Seoul as new tourism content. 
"The opening ceremony of Zrich Meets Seoul, a festival organized for exchange between the two cities of Zrich and Seoul, will be held at the Seoul Hall of Urbanism & Architecture on September 28, 2019. From September 28 to October 5, the Zrich Meets Seoul festival will present thirty various events throughout Seoul in the two areas of arts & culture and science & technology. Festival events will include public lectures and workshops on advanced themes in science and technology, such as blockchain, virtual reality (VR), augmented reality (AR), and artificial intelligence (AI) technology, with participation by experts from the two cities academic circles, technical experts, and persons involved in the industries. Furthermore, the festival will feature various cultural and art programs, from a jazz concert and electronic musical performances by artists from both Zrich and Seoul to public art exhibitions, a coffee festival, and Swiss film festival. In 2018, Mayor Park Won-soon of Seoul visited the city of Zug of Zrich, Switzerland, the heart of the blockchain industry to present the Blockchain City Seoul Promotion Plan and conclude the Agreement on the Establishment of a Friendly Relationship Between the Seoul Metropolitan Government (Korea) and the Government of the Canton of Zurich (Switzerland). Corine Mauch, mayor of Zrich, requested Seouls cooperation for the Zrich Meets Seoul event hosted by the two cities. The Seoul Smart City Summit workshop on Rethinking Cities, sponsored by the city of Seoul and the Seoul Digital Foundation, will host a discussion on the theme of public and private digitalization for solving the problems of public cities and urban planning of the digital age. Through this event, Zrich and Seoul will discuss measures for sustainable smart city technology and development to tackle urgent urban problems and share the two cities experiences to strengthen global cooperation. Programs in the area of arts and culture will feature cultural and art performances and exhibitions, in addition to music and art, workshops, film festivals, a design market, and other fun cultural and art programs that will provide insights into the arts, culture, and lifestyle of the spirited Zrich. More information on details, schedules, and guests for the Zrich Meets Seoul programs are available on the official website and SNS channels. The event is free of charge (with the exception of some programs), and reservations must be made on the website due to limited seating. =	Website: https://www.zurichmeetsseoul.org"
=	Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/zurichmeetsyourcity
=	Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/zurichmeetsseoulWhat is Zrich Meets Seoul  A Festival of Two Cities?
This is the fifth project of a globally commemorative series that links Zrich with other inspirational cities from around the world. Zrich, Switzerland is making connections with global cities that excel in the areas of culture, economy, and academics, choosing one city each year in which to hold a festival that celebrates exchange between the applicable city and Zrich. Following the footsteps of New York, London, Hong Kong, and San Francisco, Seoul was chosen as the fifth city to hold a festival for the week of September 28-October 5, 2019. Interesting events that introduce Zrichs sciences, technologies, art, and lifestyle will be held at venues throughout the city of Seoul.The festival was organized to create a center for productive communication and cultural experiences that will encourage the diversity of people, ideas, and opinions through the two cities politicians, artists, researchers, entrepreneurs, and innovators.
From September 28 to October 6, 2019, Gwanghwamun Square will transform into a venue for the globally-anticipated K-pop festival. Seoul will host the <Seoul Music Festival (hereinafter, SMUF) > for the first time ever this year to present eye-catching performances by artists and rising artists, talk concerts, and various programs, in addition to introducing the global music city of Seoul to the world. SMUF is the first project through which Seoul will utilize its musical resources to grow into a global music city. The festival plans will present the unique programs of Seoul, the globally beloved hometown of K-POP.<A festival with all genres of Korean popular music, K-POP, including dance, indie, hip-hop, and ballad>
A large number of K-POP stars from each genre, including dance, indie, hip-hop, trot, and ballad, will perform at SMUF to present six brilliant main performances.All performances will be offered free of charge, and sectional seating for the five performances, SMUF Legend, SBS MTV The Show, K-POP Cover Dance Festival World Final, SMUF Hip-Hop, and SMUF K-POP, excluding SMUF x ZANDARI, will be operated on a pre-reservation system. Reservations can be made via the festival website (www.seoulmusicfestival.com) and HanaTicket (http://ticket.hanatour.com/) (one ticket per person with a fee of KRW 1,000). The final list of performers is scheduled to be announced on the festival website (www.seoulmusicfestival.com) on September 26 (Thurs.). Program schedule and performers are subject to change according to sponsor circumstances.This festival will also hold various brand campaigns for citizen participation in light of the 4th anniversary of Seouls representative brand, ISEOULU. Based on the theme of Seouls key values of coexistence, passion, and relaxation, brand experiences at the festival will help citizens and local and overseas visitors experience the ISEOULU brand on a more personal level.
Nodeulseom, located under the Hangangdaegyo Bridge that connects Yongsan and Noryangjin, has turned into the musical island of the Hangang River, boasting a cultural complex focusing on ecological forests and music. It will officially open on September 28, 2019.The main facility of the Nodeulseom music island is the music cultural space (a gross area 9,747 m2), which was newly built on the west side of the Hangangdaegyo bridge, facing towards Yongsan. The three-story building contains different levels that are charmingly and neatly distributed to mingle with the existing natural environment of Nodeulseom. Visitors can enter Nodeulseom through this building without having to go down the stairs from the Hangangdaegyo Bridge.A multipurpose hall will be established to host various programs, from lectures to international events, on the east side of the Hangangdaegyo Bridge. The rest of the space of Nodeulseom will become Nodeul Forest, including a habitat for eastern narrow-mouthed toads, to preserve the islands natural ecosystem. After its completion, the multipurpose hall will be directly connected to the music cultural space through a passageway.The music cultural space is comprised of Live House (a popular music concert hall), Nodeul Book Store (a bookshop and library), nTable (a food cultural space), Plant Island (a plant workshop), and more.The Live House is the most remarkable space as it is the only popular music concert hall on the Hangang River. It offers a total of 456 seats (874 counting standing room) and has sound, lighting, and instrument facilities as well as a rehearsal studio, all optimized for a concert. In particular, it has the largest-scale stage compared to other concert halls of similar size, which allows colorful stage management.The spaces of Nodeulseom that are dedicated not only to music but also various lifestyles, such as books, fashion, markets, and foods, will provide visitors with a lot of must-see fun.The Nodeul Book Store houses bookshelves that are arranged directly by 15 independent book stores and publishers, varying each season. nTable will host a monthly dining program led by renowned chefs or celebrities from cultural fields. Plant Island will offer various participatory gardening programs hosted by four plant creator groups.When you come out from the music cultural space, you will see an open lawn with an area of about 3,000 m2, stretching away from the Hangangdaegyo Bridge. The lawn will sometimes become an outdoor performance stage that can accommodate from 1,000 to 3,000 audience members, and other times a good place for a picnic at which to enjoy the view of the Hangang River.Nodeulseom has been reborn after a three-stage design contest and two years of construction that started in 2013, when Seoul started to search for a good way to utilize it together with citizens and experts.To visit Nodeulseom, visitors can either get off the bus at the Nodeulseom bus stop or walk about 10 to 15 minutes following the path along the Hangangdaegyo Bridge. Parking is not available. The nearest subway station is Nodeul Station (subway Line 9).Buses that stops at Nodeulseom: 150, 151, 152, 500, 501, 504, 506, 507, 605, 750A, 750B, 751, 752, 6211
Via subway: a 10-minute walk from Nodeul Station (Line 9), a 20-minute walk from Sinyongsan Station (Line 4), a 20-minute walk from Yongsan Station (Line 1, Gyeongui-Jungang Line)Water taxis will begin operation starting on the official opening of Nodeulseom on September 28. Visitors can take a water taxi from Ichonnaru or Yeouinaru to get to Nodeulseom.< Exterior of Nodeul Book Store and Performance Hall >< Exterior of Nodeul Book Store and Performance Hall >< F&B Facilities on the 3rd Floor >< nTable >
Seoul hosted the 18th General Assembly of Seoul International Business Advisory Council under the theme of A Leading Smart City on Friday, September 20, 2019 at the Four Seasons Hotel Seoul. More than 400 participants, including SIBAC members and advisors, as well as other Korean and foreign figures, took part in the meeting to share advanced cases of global smart cities and search for various methods that can be applied to the city of Seoul.The Seoul International Business Advisory Council (SIBAC) is an advisory organization for the mayor of Seoul, established in 2001. Currently, the members of the council include the CEOs of Esquel Group, SUEZ, Red Dot, Forbes, Siemens, Brookfield, Audi, Dassault Systemes, Veolia, Yozma Group, MIT, and Phillips Auction House, as well as 27 top scholars and two advisors.
Celebrating its 18th anniversary this year, the General Assembly of SIBAC was headed by Marjorie Yang (Esquel Group), the first woman to be chairperson of the council. It is expected that the role of woman leaders will be pronounced in the economic consultation and discussions of Seoul as new female members have been recruited, including Jessica Tan (co-CEO of Pingan Group) and Daniela Rus (MIT Computer Science & Artificial Intelligence Laboratory).Mayor Park Won-soon delivered the keynote speech on Seoul, a Leading Smart City, which was followed by three sessions on Smart City Life, Smart Enterprise, and Smart City Service in which the participants discussed ways to strengthen the competitiveness of Seoul as a global smart city with a focus on advanced overseas cases.The first session on Smart City Life included presentations by five speakers, including Peter Zec (founder and CEO of Red Dot), Hilmar Ptursson (CEO of CCP Games), Jessica Tan (co-CEO of Pingan Group), Carlo Ratti (director of MIT Senseable City Lab), and Marjorie Yang (president of Esquel Group), with a subsequent discussion between participating members of the advisory council.The second session on Smart Enterprise was the venue to listen to digital innovation cases and experiences of outstanding global businesses. Speakers who introduced the cases of companies, governments, and cities included Jean-Louis Chaussade (president of SUEZ), Yigal Erlich (president of Yozma Group), Rudolph Schlais (president of ASL Automobile Science and Technology, Shanghai), Yan Lan (CEO of Lazard China), and Chris Townsend (CEO of AIG).The third session on the sub-topic of Smart City Service invited presenters Richard Smith (president of the Pinkerton Foundation), Daniela Rus (director of MIT Computer Science & Artificial Intelligence Laboratory), Christopher Forbes (vice-president of Forbes), and Edward Dolman (president of Phillips Auction House).Mayor Park Won-soon said that the General Assembly of SIBAC was a valuable opportunity to promote the city of Seoul to leaders of global companies and renowned scholars, as well as to listen to and discuss their strategies to realize Seoul, a Leading Smart City. We will reflect their advice in the citys policies. While focusing on people as the primary value in Smart City Seoul, we will do our best to make the city smart, reforming the whole process of our administration and our services.
From September 20-21, 2019, Seoul Plaza will turn into a grand-scale venue for an offline discussion of policies suggested by citizens online. Seoul will be hosting 2019 Together Seoul Policy Fair in Seoul Plaza under the theme, Democratic Seoul, Whenever and Wherever. It will be a large-scale discussion festival in which regular citizens will be able to participate. Celebrating its 8th anniversary this year, the event was first introduced based on the idea of Almedalen Week, a unique political dialogue forum held in Sweden.Seoul renovated the fair this year by utilizing the online democratic platform, Democracy Seoul (democracy.seoul.go.kr). Until last year, the policies were suggested by citizens on-site through handwritten propositions. From this year, five discussion sections will be operated focusing on the topics that received more comments or likes among those registered on the Democracy Seoul platform. Each section will offer seats for about 100 participants.The five topics are  Becoming a Policymaker for Seoul,  A Debate on Seasonal Measures for the Particulate Matter Problem,  2019 City Governance Share,  A Discussion on Community and Democracy, and  Seoul Citizens Deliberation of the Budget.Becoming a Policymaker for Seoul: Children and adolescents can spend a meaningful time participating in an on-site discussion on the topic of the right to play. Developed suggestions will be uploaded on Democracy Seoul, the platform of citizens opinions. A Debate on Seasonal Measures for the Particulate Matter Problem: Citizens will participate in discussion of the environmental field, the sector in which citizens have actively proposed their opinions on Democracy Seoul, particularly on measures to reduce particulate matter. This section is to listen to citizens opinions before introducing seasonal measures for the particulate matter problem in December and to form a social consensus on Seouls countermeasures.2019 City Governance Share: Citizens will debate a variety of issues, including the building of a trustworthy safety net among learning places outside the school,  how to preserve and utilize Seouls cultural properties and future heritages,  the operation of noisy libraries for slow learners,  the vitalization project for playgrounds following the 2019 city governance,  the fostering of a public-private cooperation culture for the management of sustainable urban forests, and  the construction of the local tailor-made early intervention system for the healthy development of infants according to their ages. The results of the discussion will be proposed on Democracy Seoul to connect the offline debate to the online democratic platform.A Discussion on Community and Democracy: Together with an expert in the areas of community and village, citizens will produce ideas for new policies through a process of discussion and debate on Seouls community policies, Seoul-type support for residents activities, and how to solve social issues in a community.Seoul Citizens Deliberation of the Budget: In this section, the Citizens Deliberation of the Budget system, which was launched by the city of Seoul this year, will be introduced. Citizens will participate in a lively discussion on how to encourage the participation of citizens in the deliberation process and to develop policies. The results of the pilot operation of the system will be shared as well.Based on the opinions and ideas produced in these sections, Seoul will host the Post Policy Fair in December 2019. The fair will become a venue to review the reports of related departments on how the discussed and suggested views of the citizens have been applied to the policies of Seoul and to hear the opinions of the citizens once again.
Why not take a trek through nature together with your family and your loved ones this approaching chilly autumn? Seoul will be operating Seoul Trekking twice in the second half of this year in the Haneul Park (September 28) and the Olympic Park (October 12). Seoul Trekking Program is a hiking program open to everyone who wants to ameliorate their health and enjoy nature-friendly leisure while walking in representative spots of downtown Seoul.The Haneul Park will provide a 6.4-km, 2-hour course where walkers can take photos not only against fields of silver grass, but also a variety of autumn flowers including cosmos and pink muhly grass. The Olympic Park will offer a 3.9-km, 1.3-hour course through which hikers can feel the peak of Octobers autumn with the changing-colored leaves and waves of orange cosmos.In order to foster the growth of trekking culture, Seoul will provide excellent participants of the 2019 Seoul Trekking Program with time for communication and relaxation with their families and friends. The city will select members for a trekking expedition to Jeju Island, the island designated as a world natural heritage. The Jeju Trekking Program will be operated for three days and two nights starting on November 7.Period: November 7 (Thurs.)  9 (Sat.), 2019 (three days and two nights)
Venue: Jeju Island (Olle Trail (Olle-gil) and Yeongsil Trail in Hallasan Mountain)
Eligible Participants: Those who participated in 2019 Seoul Trekking Program (from elementary school students to those 65 years of age)
Capacity: 20 teams (40 people)
How to Apply: Send your story related to the subject to the person in charge of Seoul Sports Council via e-mail
 Subject: Memories of 2019 Seoul Trekking Program (family, union, and relaxation)
 Application Period: October 14 (Mon.)  17 (Thurs.), 2019, by 17:00
 E-mail address: songragi@seoulsports.or.kr
 Notification to Selected Individuals: 9:00 on October 23, 2019 (Wed.) (scheduled)Entry Fee: KRW 50,000 per person
 The entry fee will be used to buy souvenirs for program members.
Inquiries: Seoul Sports Council  82-2-490-2767
South Korea is a music powerhouse possessing the sixth-largest music market in the world while being the birthplace of K-pop, being led by BTS, whose song was the first Asian song to be ranked number one on the billboard chart of the United States. Seoul is the center of the Korean music market, where 77% of domestic musical performances, including those of K-pop, take place and where 62.3% of music-related businesses are concentrated. It is not an exaggeration to say that Seoul is creating the K-pop that is enjoyed by the global population and disseminating this music to the world. The popularity of K-pop is not limited to music, extending to K-food, K-fashion, and K-beauty and vitalizing the overall industry.The city of Seoul will launch comprehensive support to enable every citizen to enjoy musical resources anytime, anywhere and make music an attractive factor to boost tourism competitiveness. What the city is aiming to do is to make Seoul a global music city in which everyone, including the residents of Seoul and all tourists from other regions of Korea and abroad, can watch musical performances at various venues in Seoul and enjoy music festivals all year round.Seasonal music festivals will take place, including drum festivals in the spring, gugak (Korean traditional music) festivals in the summer, K-pop festivals in the fall, and classical music festivals in the winter. And now, for the first time, a massive K-pop festival entitled the 2019 Seoul Music Festival will be held in Gwanghwamun Square for nine days (from September 28 to October 6).Four musical footholds for each genre will be constructed to support the growth of the music industry in Seoul. The soon-to-open facilities are Nodeulseom Cultural Complex (new music), Changdong Seoul Arena (K-pop, December 2023), an auditorium in the southwestern part in Seoul (2024), and Seoul Classic Hall (classical music, 2024). In addition, Seoul Gugak Center (2022) will be established to support the creative activities and entry to overseas markets of gugak and Seoul Indie Music Support Center (2022) will be established to support the production, distribution, and marketing of indie music.On the other hand, the number of Arts Support Centers will be quadrupled by 2023 (from 25 to 107). This will help to make music move from being the exclusive property of special individuals to being in the daily lives of everybody. In these centers, people can learn how to play musical instruments near their homes and find places for practice.Seoul will also discover and promote various festivals and 50 musical spots throughout the city, including LP bars, clubs, and pubs, and tour programs targeting K-pop fans coming from foreign countries, in order to make music a new tourist attraction.Encompassing the points mentioned above, Seoul has announced the plan for Seoul, a Global Music City. For the next five years, starting this year (2019-2023), KRW 481.8 billion will be invested to pursue nine tasks under three objectives.The three objectives are  a city that makes citizens happy with music,  a city that supports the growth of musicians (the music industry), and  a global music city that interacts with the global population.To effectively carry out the plan, Seoul will operate public-private governance, in which experts from the private sector and related departments participate. Continuous monitoring will be conducted to supplement and develop the plan.
For the first time, Seoul will be participating in the Consumer Electric Show (CES), the worlds largest home appliances fair and ICT competition arena, in Las Vegas, U.S., in order to present its smart technologies on an international stage.The city of Seoul announced that it would be operating the Seoul Promotion Booth at CES 2020 that will take place from January 7 to 10, 2020. Under the theme, Smart City & Smart Life, Seoul has plans to introduce its innovative, smart administration, headed by the Digital Citizen Mayors Office, and establish a bridgehead for advancement into overseas markets in cooperation with Seoul-based innovative companies that offer advanced technologies and services.The CES is the largest home appliances fair in the world, held in Las Vegas, U.S. at the beginning of every year. The event is being highlighted as the venue at which to browse the changes in trends related to cutting-edge technologies, including AI, smart city, smart home, and digital healthcare.Seoul will recruit 24 innovative companies to participate in the Seoul Promotion Booth at CES 2020 from September 10 (Tues.) to 27 (Fri.), 2019. Those who want to participate should fill out the form that can be downloaded from the websites of Seoul City, Seoul Digital Foundation, and Seoul Business Agency, and then submit it via e-mail (suji@sdf.seoul.kr).The companies that will be selected through a fair screening process will receive various support to take part in the Seoul Promotion Booth, including the flight fare (up to KRW 1 million) and shipping expenses (up to KRW 0.5 million). The matching between participating companies and buyers will be conducted starting in the preparation stage in order to reap actual outcomes, such as contract conclusions.The scale of the Seoul Promotion Booth in CES 2020 will be 222.96 m2, constructed in Eureka Park, the start-ups exhibition hall. Eureka Park is known as the exhibition hall that draws a lot of attention, along with the global business group halls, as it displays innovators breakthrough ideas and technologies.The Seoul Promotion Booth will be equipped with the Digital Citizen Mayors Office that supports the decisions on policies, visualizing 16 million cases of administrative data and video contents from over 1,500 CCTVs in downtown Seoul. The products and services of the 24 selected companies will be created into a single story that will be displayed to draw the interest and attention of visitors.
The 2019 Seoul Survival 3C Masters is the worlds most prestigious 3-cushion billiards competition, supported by the city of Seoul and co-organized by the Seoul Sports Council and the Seoul Billiards Federation. The competition will take place from September 16 (Mon.) to 22 (Sun.), 2019 at MVL Billiards and the Nexen Univer-City.The qualifiers will be held at MVL Billiards (Gangnam-gu, Seoul) from September 16 (Mon.) to 17 (Tues.) and the finals and awards ceremony will take place at the Nexen Univer-City (Gangseo-gu, Seoul) from September 19 (Thurs.) to 22 (Sun.)The 2019 Seoul Survival 3C Masters, an international 3-cushion billiards competition awarding a total of KRW 320 million in prize money, is co-hosted by Union Mondiale de Billard (UMB) and the Korea Billiards Federation with participation by 128 players from 15 countries. With the worlds top 20 players competing in the event, Korean billiards fans will have the opportunity to enjoy matches of the highest standards.The competition will see the participation of renowned Korean players, such as Kim Heang-jik (ranked 12th in the world), the semifinal winner of the Survival 3-cushion Masters that took place in Istanbul, Turkey, in August, as well as Cho Jae-ho (ranked 7th in the world), a player who is affiliated with Seoul City Hall. As for foreigners, the worlds top 3-cushion players, including Dick Jaspers (Dutch, ranked 1st in the world), the heavy favorite for the event Marco Zanetti (Italian, ranked 3rd in the world), a highly experienced veteran player and Torbjrn Blomdahl (Swedish, ranked 15th in the world), the emperor of billiards, will fiercely compete against each other for seven days.32 playersthe worlds top 20 players, four wild-card players, and eight players who pass the preliminary roundswill face off in the form of groups of four through survival games to determine the winner.The major final games will be broadcasted live on the MBC Sports+ channel and live coverage of all games will be delivered through the website of Kozoom Korea, the online billiard-specialized broadcasting platform. Admission is free for every game and more information including a detailed schedule is available on the website of the Korea Billiards Federation (www.kbfsports.or.kr).The spectators who visit to watch the game can also enjoy special events, such as guessing the winner for each game and a gift lottery.
Seoul prepared a tourist fair where local autonomous governments and Korean travel agencies will gather. The 2019 GOGO Travel in Korea Festival will take place from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. from September 18 (Wed.) to 19 (Thur.) in Seoul Plaza to revitalize travelling in Korea and rejuvenate the tourism industry.With the operation of over 140 booths for promotion and experience, the 2019 GOGO Travel in Korea Festival will be comprised of three sections:  a promotional exhibition for travelling domestically in Korea,  a special exhibition for peace tourism, and  the sales of local agro-fishery products.
The total number of visitors to the Seoul Urban Regeneration Gallery has recorded about 14,000 in the three months since its opening on June 4, 2019.The Seoul Urban Regeneration Gallery, built to share the value of urban regeneration projects with citizens, comprises archives to exhibit and advertise the regeneration projects conducted in Seoul, and to record and preserve diverse traits and history of each region that has gone through urban regeneration.The permanent exhibition of the gallery Seoul: Ten Thousand Blossoms is an archive to keep records of the original history of urban regeneration projects in Seoul. Visitors can experience media and content such as interactive kiosks and citizen interview videos that reflect the regional history and cultural properties, helping them learn about the changes of the landscapes of Seoul and the way of its urban regeneration from the 1950s to 2019.Hands in Seoul is a platform to support the value of urban regeneration businesses and community regeneration corporations (CRCs) through exhibition planning and local magazine production. At the opening of the Seoul Urban Regeneration Gallery, the special exhibition entitled Golden Hands in SeoulHaebangchon and related experience programs took place, obtaining good results, such as continuous sales of the works produced by artists based in Haebangchon (a target area for urban regeneration), opening of their paid experience classes, and placement contracts for their products in shopping malls.
The second Hands in Seoul special exhibition will be held under the theme of handmade shoes in collaboration with Jeon Tae-soo, CEO of JS Shoes Design Lab in Seongsu-dong, one of the target areas for urban regeneration.The Urban Salon is a cultural program to share discourses and inspirations on cities and urban regeneration. The third Urban Salon, which will be held on September 28, 2019, will take the format of book talk on the topic of Pop-Up City, a book written by Eum Su Won, Head of Media Policy at Airbnb and a columnist in urban architecture. To attend the salon, please visit the Facebook account or Onoffmix account of Seoul Urban Regeneration Center.Seoul Urban Regeneration Gallery
Open: Tuesday-Sunday, 10:00-19:00
Seoul Urban Regeneration Gallery inside Donuimun Museum Village
Address: 2, Songwol-gil, Jongno-gu, Seoul Location: 5-minute walk from Exit 4 of Seodaemun Station (Line 5)
Website: https://surc.or.kr/
Three events that can be enjoyed by families will be held in Seoul to greet the Chuseok holiday.1. The Banquet of Chuseok, Seoul Baekje Museum
From 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. on September 14 (Sat.), the Banquet of Chuseok will be held throughout the plaza, lobby, and auditorium of the Seoul Baekje Museum. At the Experience Zone, visitors can participate in making badges and traditional mask necklaces, as well as pounding a rice-cake dough with a mallet. There will be a photo zone, as well, where visitors can take photos in costumes of Baekjes royal family or Baekjes army with the rampart as the backdrop. In the Play Zone, visitors can enjoy various traditional games with their families, including archery, Korean wrestling, kicking jegi, yut, and throwing beanbags. From 1 p.m. to 3 p.m., a samul nori troupe will deliver a 30-minute performance for starting on each hour. All programs are free of charge for visitors of the museum.http://baekjemuseum.seoul.go.kr2. The Banquet of Chuseok, Seoul Museum of History
From 12 p.m. to 4 p.m. on September 14 (Sat.), traditional cultural performances, folk games, and various participatory programs will be available at the Seoul Museum of History. The Pungmullori & Ganggangsullae, a program held to share this years richness, gratefulness, and happiness, will be open to all audiences. In the lobby on the 1st floor of the museum, the Pyeongyang Art Company will deliver a performance to allow visitors to enjoy folk songs. Participatory programs include making a lampshade, playing with slime, making a worry doll, and a magic bubble show. A diverse array of folk plays will be held as well.http://www.museum.seoul.kr/eng/index.do3. Greeting Chuseok in Mrs. Gyedongs House, Bukchon Culture Center
In celebration of Chuseok, Bukchon Culture Center will be holding various experience programs, games, sharing, and performances from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. on September 14 (Sat.). Visitors can participate in making a full-moon lampshade with hanji (50 spots), making songpyeon (5 sessions, 10 people per session), and playing folk games like yut, gonggi, baduk, and tuho. At 1 p.m., songpyeon, a representative Chuseok delicacy, will be distributed with tea (for 200 people, as supplies last). From 2 p.m. to 2:30 p.m., visitors can listen to a solo performance of gayageum against the serene landscape of the traditional Korean house. All programs are free of charge.http://hanok.seoul.go.kr
As the 2019 Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism kicked off on September 7, the city of Seoul will open the event to the public for three days (Sept. 12-14) so that citizens who are staying in the city or those visiting can enjoy the Biennale worry-free during the Chuseok holiday. Visitors can view the Thematic Exhibition held in DDP and the main exhibition of the Biennale, free of charge during this period.Seoul has also presented customized courses for families, couples, friends, and students majoring in architecture to enjoy the Biennale and hot spots nearby, as well as the Top 5 Must-See Programs.First, the course for families is a course for exploring the city while offering children vivid on-site education and providing other family members with cherishable memories. These courses include,  picking and making a city collection out of the 77 candidate cities exhibited at Donuimun Museum Village,  building a structure with model kits at DDP,  enjoying good food for when you get hungry at Tongin & Gyeongdong Markets, and  exploring the things on sale in the markets held in Sewoon & Daerim Plazas.Second, the course for couples will help you and your loved one make special memories traveling across the city of Seoul. These courses include,  looking at the exhibition in DDP and playing a board game while solving quizzes related to the exhibition,  looking around the market selling collections once owned by designers in Sewoon & Daerim Plazas,  taking a walk and looking at the exhibits from Seoul Hall of Urbanism & Architecture through the Path of King Gojong, a path recently open to the public located behind Deoksugung Palace, all the way to Donuimun Museum Village, and  listening to the commentary of a specialist while having snacks at the Mangwon Market.Third, the course for friends is a good course for close friends who can share their thoughts with each other. These courses include,  looking around the markets in Sewoon & Daerim Plazas,  walking through the Gwangjang Market, which is famous for their mung-bean pancakes and addictive gimbaps,  looking at the exhibition in DDP while listening to the docent program on the weekend, and  participating in the Cities Exhibition Book Talk at the Donuimun Museum Village, where visitors can talk directly with the artists and authors who created the works and publications of the Biennales Cities Exhibition.Fourth, the course for students majoring in architecture lets students reflect on the social roles of architects and discover the possibilities of their profession. These courses include,  viewing the works of the students from 43 universities from around the world at the Global Studio in Sewoon Hall in Sewoon Plaza,  taking a look at the Thematic Exhibition, the main exhibition of the Biennale, in DDP, and  exploring the results of research on traditional markets at the Seoul Museum of History. If you also listen to the forums and lectures accompanying the exhibitions, you can have the opportunity to learn on-site, outside the university.The Top 5 Must-See Programs are recommended by the city of Seoul to the citizens who want to enjoy the vast programs of Biennale in a nutshell. These programs are 1) the Thematic Exhibition-Film, a video of various places around the world under the theme of collective city, 2) The City Speaks to Me that allows visitors to find out which city fits them best while collecting QR codes in the exhibition halls of Donuimun Museum Village, 3) the Pavillion Project by Seo Seung-Mo and the association of university architecture departments in Seoul, 4) the Open House Seoul to unveil the buildings that are not open to the public on regular days, and 5) the Underground City Exploration to explore hidden underground spaces, including the air-raid shelter in Gyeonghuigung Palace and SeMA Bunker in Yeouido.In addition, a Stamp Tour program will be operated during the Biennale. 1,000 citizens who collected stamps in each of the exhibition venues will receive official free gifts of the Biennale on a first-come, first-served basis.Go to English Tour Book of Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism
<CITY TOUR WITH BIENNALE>
http://www.seoulbiennale.org/2019/biennale_tourbook2.pdf
Seoul will be conducting a special transportation measure for the Chuseok holiday so that those who travel to and from Seoul can enjoy the national holiday both comfortably and safely.On the day of Chuseok (Sept. 13) and the day after Chuseok (Sept. 14), the subway trains will be operated until 2 a.m. of the next day (time of arrival to the last stop).The buses will be operated until 2 a.m. on the same days. The targets of this measure are the 129 lines that pass by the five train stations (Seoul Station, Yongsan Station, Yeongdeungpo Statin, Cheongnyangni Station, and Suseo Station) or the four bus terminals (Central City, Dongseoul, Nambu, and Sangbong Terminals).Nine night buses and over 3,100 night taxis will be operated as usual during the holiday so that passengers can find convenience while traveling throughout the city, even if they arrive to the city late at night.In addition, emergency & on-call medical institutions and holiday protective pharmacies will be appointed and operated so that citizens can use hospitals, clinics, and pharmacies that are normally closed during the Chuseok holiday (Sept. 12-15).The 67 emergency medical institutions and emergency centers of general hospitals in Seoul will be operated 24/7, as usual. On-call medical institutions will be operated according to separate operation hours, so patients who require these services should check the hours before visiting.On-call medical institutions include 470 clinics and hospitals, aside from emergency medical institutions, that provide emergency treatment service or preliminary treatment for patients during the Chuseok holiday. Also, 1,223 holiday protective pharmacies in the vicinity of those institutions will be appointed and operated.The list of clinics, hospitals, and pharmacies that will be open during the holiday is available via phone, internet, or the mobile app. Visit one of the websites of 119, Seoul, each autonomous district, or the Central Emergency Medical Center call 119 (Emergency Control Center) or 120 (Dasan Call Center) or download the app e-gen on your mobile phone.General medicine and medical supplies (13 items, 4 types, including digestive medicine, antipyretics & analgesics, cold medicine, pain relief patches, etc.) are easily available at the 6,918 stores designated to sell such supplies, including convenience stores.
The 1st Seoul Korean Traditional Music Festival will take place in September (Sept. 6-29), allowing the audience to pick unique performances and get a taste of various genres of gugak (Korean traditional music), performances of which are not easy to find. Visitors will be able to experience the charm of gugak throughout the city, including in Seoul Plaza and Bukchon Hanok Village.57 programs with the participation of over 100 teams from Korea and abroad will be held, including a small-scale hanok concert that offers the charm and flavors of gugak House of the Min Clan of Namsangol Hanok Village in a deepening autumn evening, a masquerade boasting the senses of young mask dangers, and a national gugak contest. A university gugak contest will also take place in which representative gugak singers and sanjo players from multiple universities will compete with each other and the artist for the future will be selected through citizen voting.During the weekend that coincides with the Chuseok holidays (Sept. 14-15), Seoul Plaza will turn into a venue for pansori and folk songs of the gugak festival. The pansori and folk song concert performed by Ahn Sook-sun, a Living National Treasure of South Korea, and Lee Chun-hee, a master of pansori, in collaboration with their 99 pupils will be a large-scale, must-see performance of high class. In addition, the young pansori singers or idols in the gugak scene, Yu Taepyungyang, Jeong Bo-gwon, and Kim Jun-su, will satisfy the eyes and ears of the audience with their performances. Traditional handicraft flea markets and food trucks will be operated and an experience center for learning samul nori will be prepared. If you have plans to go on a picnic with your family during the Chuseok holidays, we recommend you indulge yourself in the mood of the ever-approaching autumn while listening to gugak in Seoul Plaza.Besides these events, there will be also be unique gugak street concerts, such as Donhwamun Picnic and Namsangol Night Tour. Donhwamun Picnic will be held for the audience to enjoy gugak while traveling along Donhwamun-ro in front of Changdeokgung Palace, which was once the path for a picnic of the king, to learn its history and culture. Namsangol Night Tour is a performance offered in the form of a play that brings the audience on a journey to find Yeonam Park Ji-won, who is known to have lived near Namsangol. For more information and the detailed schedule of programs, visit the website of Seoul Korean Traditional Music Festival (http://www.seoulgugak.com/) or contact the management office at +82-70-7462-1108. Main Event in Seoul Plaza, Traditional Music Blooms
  Period / Venue: September 14 (Sat.)  15 (Sun.), 2019 / Seoul Plaza
  Contents: Various genres of gugak, including jeongak, pansori, folk song, and play citizens participatory programs, such as Seoul Singing Contest and gugak experience zone University Gugak Contest
  Period / Venue: September 18 (Wed.)  21 (Sat.), 2019 / Seoul Namsan Traditional Theater
  DetailsMaster Yun Jin-cheol (repertoire of pansori), last    years participating teamsNamdo Sinawi, Sanjo Ensemble, Gayageum Sanjo EnsembleStage of four representative pansori singers 
"				(Korea National University of Arts, Hanyang    University, Chonbuk National University, etc.)Stage of five representative sanjo playersStage of five representative sanjo players Seoul Namsan Traditional Theater & Seoul Donhwamun Traditional Theater Street Gugak Performance in the Main Spots (every week)Seoul    Namsan Traditional Theater, Cheonugak Pavillion Seoul    Namsan Traditional Theater, Cheonugak Pavillion Seoul    Donhwamun Traditional Theater, Gugak Garden Seoul    Donhwamun Traditional Theater, Gugak Garden Seoul    Donhwamun Traditional Theater, Gugak Garden Around    Seoul Donhwamun Traditional Theater Seoul    Namsan Traditional Theater, Cheonugak Pavillion Seoul    Namsan Traditional Theater, Cheonugak Pavillion Seoul    Donhwamun Traditional Theater, Gugak Garden "
The Seoul Counseling Center for Migrant Women is the first special counseling center for migrant women established by the city of Seoul in September 2013. In order to create the center, the city combined the counseling center and the rest area, providing one-stop counseling services.Located on the 4th floor of Seoul Global Center (38, Jongno, Jongno-gu), the Seoul Counseling Center for Migrant Women provides a broad range of counseling services, including legal consultation on the qualification for stay and counseling sessions regarding damages from violation and psychological problems in six languages (Korean, English, Chinese, Vietnamese, Filipino, and Mongolian).Specialist counselors for marriage migrant women from Vietnam, the Philippines, China, and Mongolia are available, and the counselors have counseling experience of over three years on average, based on their understanding of the language and culture of the specific country. Not only do they have the capabilities to lead family counseling, but they also give advice on sexual violence and family violence.Various obstacles, including a language barrier, prevent migrant women from using free legal services. Thus, the Seoul Counseling Center for Migrant Women is offering customized services, such as counseling interpretation, lawsuit documentation translation, and accompaniment to court, when providing legal services through the specialist counselors.For counselees that do not use one of the six languages of which the service provided, but come from one of the countries that uses a minority language, such as Cambodia, Thailand, Russia, and Nepal, a minority language interpretation counseling service is provided through multi-language interpretation and translation support group (254 people, 19 languages) that are composed of migrant women from various countries.
The subway, a care space in the daily lives of Seoulites, is turning into a culture and art gallery with applied cutting-edge augmented reality technology. The efforts of Seoul Metro are reaping results, after efforts to cut back on commercial advertisements and present culture and art to citizens.Seoul has prepared and opened U+ 5G Gallery in Gongdeok Station (Line 6) with the cooperation of LG U Plus. The U+ 5G Gallery at Gongdeok Station is comprised of four sections:  the platform gallery that will be installed on safety doors,  the pop-up gallery that will be installed in the transfer passageway between the Line 5 and Line 6 platforms,  the transfer stairs gallery that will be installed beside the transfer stairs and at the top of the escalator, and  the train gallery that will be installed inside the Line 6 trains. The galleries will be in operation for about six months, until February 28, 2020, and everyone is welcome to enjoy the displayed works.The platform gallery allows passengers to appreciate the artwork while waiting for the train. The works of art are installed on the billboards beside the safety doors. Unlike existing advertisements, the artwork is viewable from 360 degrees, making them seem as though they are alive, when viewed through Google Lens or through mobile phones on which the U+ AR app is installed.The works of art that are to be installed on the billboards beside the safety doors on the platform gallery (examples)The pop-up gallery is a separate experience space located in the transfer passageway between Line 6 and Line 5 (Gyeongui-Jungang Line) that can be used by passengers using the airport railroad. Visitors can appreciate unique works of art through the digital frames and mobile phones and devices for the AR experience that is furnished in the gallery.A full view of the pop-up gallery The transfer stairs gallery has artworks hung on the walls beside the stairs and escalator that are located between line 6 and other lines so that passengers can enjoy the artworks while transferring. The works to be installed include Cosmos Odyssey by Kwon O-chul.A view of the stairs gallery (example)The train gallery is installed in one of the Line 6 trains to make it a special gallery that displays a variety of works of art. When passengers open an app on their mobile phones, they can watch the artworks move. In addition, the facilities that can be easily ignored, such as the columns on the platform, will be decorated with artwork, allowing citizens to naturally view and accept the art.
The 2019 Seoul Biennale of Architecture & Urbanism, organized by the city of Seoul, kicks off on September 7, 2019 in Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP). The Seoul Biennale will be held for 65 days throughout Seoul, in DDP, Donuimun Museum Village, Seoul Hall of Urbanism & Architecture, Sewoon Plaza, and Seoul Museum of History. Celebrating its 2nd anniversary, the Seoul Biennale of Architecture & Urbanism is an international event about cities and architecture, where solutions for cities of different countries are discussed and a variety of programs are operated to discuss cities as spaces to be created and enjoyed by citizens.Under the theme, Collective City, the Seoul Biennale attempts to provide venues to communicate, where citizens can discuss and share information about various issues in international cities. It also seeks new types of citizen gatherings that can participate in and enjoy the process of socialization and urbanization of each city. The opening ceremony will be held on September 7 at DDP with the participation of over 300 people, including Park Won-soon, the Mayor of Seoul. For the festivity of the event for the fields of urbanism and architecture, there will be diverse celebratory performances to add to the amusement, including  a Pyeongyang sword dance,  Jeon Uchi Troupe,  Seoul Hallyang Dance,  Sinbaram Seoul Dance, and more. Besides this, there will be colorful events during the first week, including the official event, City Architect Forum, Seoul Architecture Festival, and more.September 5 (Thur.)  8 (Sun.): An official event that is operated by embassies and organized by the culture centers of each nation will take place Seoul Archive Hall (B1) of the Seoul Hall of Urbanism & Architecture. Germany, France, and Italy will be participating in this event with  the Berlin session on September 5 at 15:00-16:30, the France session on September 5 at 17:00-19:00, and  the Italy session on September 8 at 15:00-17:00.September 6 (Fri.)  7 (Sat.): The City Architect Forum will be the starting point for architects from different cities to share their experiences and construct a cooperative network. They will share their works in each city with regular citizens.The number of participating cities and institutions of the 2019 Seoul Biennale has increased a great deal, compared to that of the 2017 Seoul Biennale, allowing visitors to encounter a diverse array of urban projects and exhibits from around the world. Do not miss the new and fresh works presented by top architects and artists from over 80 cities and 180 institutions across the globe.The main exhibitions are the Thematic Exhibition and the Cities Exhibition. In the case of the Thematic Exhibition, specialists from various fields reinterpret the current urban composition under the theme of collective city. A total of 43 teams will participate in the exhibition under three sub-themes. The exhibition will take place at the Design Exhibition Hall and Design Pathway in DDP.80 cities from 47 countries in Asia, America, Europe, Africa, and Oceania will be participating in the Cities Exhibition. Based on the spatial, temporal, and social elements of the international cities, visitors can watch the collective crystal of cities, better understand the contemporary cities, and get a glimpse at the appearance of the cities in the future. The exhibition is divided into two categories, international cities and sister cities of Seoul, and can be appreciated at the Donuimun Museum Village and Seoul Hall of Urbanism & Architecture.Global Studios will be held with the participation of 43 universities from around the world. It will become the platform of academic exchanges and research by global specialists, where social and cultural discourses will take place to propose future-oriented alternatives for cities. Global Studios will be held in Sewoon Plaza. In addition, the Live Projects will be held in the Seoul Museum of History, Sewoon Plaza, and Daerim Plaza to shed light on traditional markets as long-lived collective spaces, from various perspectives.What is most remarkable about this years Seoul Biennale is that it makes exhibitions participatory, as a variety of participatory programs for citizens have been prepared. Why not taking part in the participatory programs that interestingly unveil Collective City in connection with various fields, such as education, lectures, tours, and film screenings?For more information on 2019 Seoul Biennale of Architecture & Urbanism, visit the official website at http://www.seoulbiennale.org.
Oraegage  Old & Historical Store, meaning a long-lived store, is a store that is selected by citizens who want it to live a long life. Seoul has selected and promoted 65 oraegages over the past two years. This time, the city discovered and picked 22 oraegages in the southwestern region, including Gangseo-gu, Guro-gu, and Yeongdeungpo-gu.The Jongno-Euljiro area is home to many oraegages that are related to traditional handicraft and the northwestern part of the city is home to many oraegages that are connected to art, for example, bookstores, photo studios, and art supply stores. Unlike these regions, many of the oraegages selected in the southwestern region are closely related to ordinary peoples daily lives. They tend to allow visitors to take a glimpse at the endearing daily lives of Seouls citizens.To tag itself as an oraegage, a store must have been in operation for over three decades or operated by more than two generations. Plus, it should have an interesting aspect for tourist content and excellent customers service. The selection standard of oraegage by the city of Seoul is that the store must offer goods or something to watch from the past that can be experienced by tourists, and the same service must have been in operation for over 30 years or operated by over two generations in the fields of  life & culture (supermarket, bookstore, barbershop, etc.) and  traditional handicraft (lacquerware shop, brassware shop, other workshops, etc.). Stores that have something to attract visitors interest, interesting stories, and unique properties can also be recommended as an oraegage.Seoul has conducted several rounds of verification for discovery of oraegages in 2019. First, the city collected basic data on 1,152 stores and checked to see whether they had closed their businesses, in order to select the stores that match the criteria of an oraegage. Through recommendations by citizens and by autonomous districts, as well as an on-site evaluations by citizens storytelling group and experts, 38 candidates were chosen. Out of these candidates, 22 stores were finally selected as oraegage through a second round of on-site investigations and consultations by experts.
The Seoul Architecture Festival 2019, a festival for the people of Seoul and organized by the city of Seoul, will begin on September 6, 2019 with an opening ceremony. Celebrating its 11th anniversary, the Seoul Architecture Festival will be held under the theme, New Open Space, until September 22 in the Oil Tank Culture Park.New Open Space, this years theme of the Seoul Architecture Festival, refers to a space that is open to everyone and allows for new possibilities. The theme is connected to Collective Cities, the theme of the Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism. Various exhibitions and participatory programs for regular citizens are being prepared.The festival will be comprised of a variety of exhibitions and participatory programs, all open to the public and free of charge. Video content of winners of the contests that have taken place between now and July, including the Seoul Architecture Awards, Architecture Storytelling Contest, SAF Student Contest, and KIRA Seoul Contest, as well as the Themed Exhibition, Hangang Architecture Imagination Exhibition, and 2018 This Years Architect Exhibition will be compiled and played throughout the Seoul Architecture Festival.Permanent Exhibition: September 6-22, 10:00-18:00, Oil Tank Culture Park T6 (Closed on Mondays)
In addition, anyone can take part in programs held for regular citizens, such as the architecture design job festival, docent tour with an expert, and architectural culture tour, after applying in advance. On-site application is available for seats that are left for the Architecture Design Job Festival.Architecture Design Job Festival: September 6-7
(Open lecture, talk show, special open lecture (T2 Hall), open office (T6 B2))Docent Tour: September 7, 8, 21, 22, 13:00-15:00 (T6)
             September 10, 11, 17-20, 13:00-14:00 (T6)
Architectural Culture Tour: September 20, 14:00-16:00 (Course C: Seongsu-dong)
                      September 21, 11:00-13:00 (Course A: Yeonnam-dong, Course B: Hongdae)The architecture design job festival, which is being launched for the first time this year, is a job and venture briefing session for regular citizens who are interested in architecture and students majoring in architecture. Participatory programs, such as open lectures and special lectures, and an architectural culture tour that have all been planned to be related to the theme of New Open Space, will offer great excitement to the participants.For a detailed schedule and the application for participation in the participatory programs, visit the Seoul Architecture Festivals official website (www.saf.kr).8 Participatory Programs Advance applications should be submitted on the Seoul Architecture Festivals website (www.saf.kr).8 Exhibitions
Seoul conducts the 4th Seoul Excellent Hanok Certification System to foster an environment in which the value that is unique to Seouls hanoks is inherited, as more excellent hanoks are being constructed and popularized. The Seoul Excellent Hanok Certification System has been conducted annually since 2016 and a total of 55 hanoks have been selected as Seouls Excellent Hanoks through three stages of screening.To apply for a certificate, a hanok must be located in Seoul and must have been constructed, repaired, or remodeled after 2001. The application form must be submitted between September 2 and October 11, 2019. The selection as an Excellent Hanok is determined through documentation screening and on-site evaluation by the certificate judging committee of hanok experts. The application form is attached to the announcement or downloadable on Seoul Hanok website (http://hanok.seoul.go.kr). The form should be submitted in person or via mail to the Seoul Hanok Support Center (for any inquiries, call 82-2-766-4120).The certification mark and the note of authentication are presented to Seouls Excellent Hanoks, and maintenance and control are provided, such as regular facility check and small-scale repairs. The hanoks are regularly checked once a year by hanok experts who offer counseling services, and if a repair is required, the city of Seoul directly supports the repair costs. The city supported 9 hanoks in 2017 and 15 hanoks 2018 for small-scale repairs, including the replacement of damaged wood and the repairing of roofs.In addition, Seoul will host the 2019 Seoul Excellent Hanok Photo Exhibition at Bukchon Hanok Hall starting on September 10, 2019. The exhibition was prepared to advertise the beauty of hanoks as daily living spaces through excellent hanok construction cases, such as well-preserved modern hanoks and contemporary hanoks that have undergone changes and development while maintaining traditional styles. The exhibition will be open from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. until September 22 (closed on Mondays) at Bukchon Hanok Hall (29-1, Bukchon-ro 12-gil, Jongno-gu).
Seoul will be holding the 50 Plus Festival in Eoullim Square of the Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP) on September 28, 2019. The 50 Plus Festival is mainly focused on the generation of individuals ages 50 and above, which does not mean it will diminish the enjoyment for other generations.Celebrating its 3rd anniversary this year, the 50 Plus Festival is an annual, representative festival for people in their 50s or older. With the 50+ generation at the center, soon-to-be 50+ generations and other Seoulites can also have fun and participate in the festival. This year, a variety of organizations and institutions that implement policies for the 50+ generation will take part in the event to introduce their policies and spark citizens participation.Six booths will allow visitors participation and provide counselling services under the theme, 50 Plus Village to Connect Possibilities. Each of the six booths will be named Life Counselling Center, Job Cafe, Culture Playground, Passion Club, Village Broadcast Station, and Meeting Zone.30 communities representing the interests of the 50+ generation will participate in the festival to share their activities by operating participatory programs, putting on performances, and more.The Job Cafe will offer information on diverse job creation projects being operated by 50+ institutions, as well as a lecture called the Human Book Concert, where the audience can learn about real cases of jobs for the 50+ generation that are useful when planning for life after the age of 50.Additional events related to the public campaign run by the festivals foundation will provide visitors with the opportunity to have a direct experience of special challenges pursued by the 50+ generation.
On August 30, 2019, Park Won-soon, the Mayor of Seoul, presented Robert Kok, a Councillor of the City of Sydney who has set an extraordinary example of making efforts for social integration among immigrants from Asian countries living in Sydney, with honorary Seoul citizenship.Although he is a Chinese Australian, Mr. Kok has contributed to achieving social integration and fostering a culture of mutual respect for all citizens from Asia, not only those from China. In cooperation with the Korean Society of Sydney Australia, for instance, he changed the name of the largest Asian culture festival in the city, the Chinese New Year Festival, into the Lunar New Year Festival. He is also active in supporting the local activities of Korean residents in various ways, including using the name, Korean Town, in naming administrative areas in Sydney.Seoul presented Mr. Kok with honorary Seoul citizenship with the expectation of his continuous efforts in accomplishing social unification for Asian residents in Sydney and playing the role of a mediator to broaden exchanges and cooperation between the cities of Seoul and Sydney.Mr. Kok invited the city of Seoul to CityTalks, a representative international event in Sydney that took place in May, as the first Asian city to be invited to the event. Mayor Park participated in CityTalks as the keynote speaker to introduce the citizens participatory democracy, smart city, and urban regeneration of Seoul.
Seouls Safe Parcel Service for Women, which has only been available for use upon reception, can now be used when sending parcels. Women may now use an unmanned Safe Parcel Locker near ones home with more convenience and safety ensured. With over 2,012,000 cumulative users having used the Safe Parcel Receiving Service that was introduced by Seoul in 2013, being the first of its kind in the nation, the city now offers the parcel sending service, which is the first among local governments.Those who want to use the service should download the app CJ Logistics, go to the  Unmanned Locker menu to search for the closest locker, reserve a locker, and put the parcel in the reserved locker within two hours. If one fails to store the parcel in the locker within two hours of reserving it, the reservation is canceled automatically. The parcels that are stored before 3 p.m. on a weekday are collected on the same day and sent to the destination while the parcels registered on Sunday are collected the next Monday. The service is applicable for items that can be stored for more than two days and restricted for frozen- or cold-storage goods, money, jewelry, used items, etc.The safe parcel sending service is available at 131 of 232 lockers (4,470 compartments). Users can check their locations on the CJ Logistics app.The city of Seoul has drastically improved the functions of the Safe Parcel Service for Women in order to resolve user inconvenience by  changing the parcel arrival alert message from a short to a long message,  developing a new app for confirming the arrival of parcels, and  introducing a callback system for customer service.231 lockers (excluding one of the total number of lockers) of Seoul Safe Parcel Service for Women are in operation 24/7, all year round. There is no fee for use, but if the parcel storage hours exceed 48 hours, one must pay KRW 1,000 per day.The exact locations of the lockers are also available on Seouls website (http://news.seoul.go.kr/welfare/archives/508835).
Seoul plans to expand the Hangang History Exploration Program through which participants can learn about the history of Seoul and make amazing memories while on a journey accompanied by a commentator. Greeting the autumn season, the city will open a special program that will be operated, even for just a single person, in order to offer more citizens the opportunity to have an historical experience. The special program for solo participants will be operated from September 4 to November 30, 2019.Until now, Seoul has operated the Hangang History Exploration Program for 8 years, in which over 17,000 citizens have participated since 2012. The city operates this program in order to grant citizens the opportunity to easily and enjoyably learn about the long history of the Hangang River and its surroundings, where cargo vessels transporting crops and silk came and went and where the icehouse used to be located.The 2019 Hangang History Exploration Program will include  five courses along the Hangang Rivers upper stream (Gangbuk) and  seven courses along the Hangang Rivers lower stream (Gangnam). It is a walking travel program with detailed commentary provided by Hangang historical commentators on the history, culture, and people surrounding the river.Among the five courses along the Hangang Rivers upper stream (Gangbuk) are  Gwangnaru-gil, touring around the upper and lower streams of the Hangang River, from Gwangjingyo Bridge to Gangdong-gu,  Yanghwanaru-gil, surveying the sites of Catholic martyrs and the Cemetery Park of foreign missionaries, and  Nanjikkotseom-gil, browsing the past and the present of Nanjido, as well as the Oil Tank Culture Park, and more.Unique courses out of the seven courses along Hangang Rivers lower stream (Gangnam) include  Seonyudo-gil, visiting Seonyudo that was reborn into a natural ecology park by recycling a purifying facility for the first time in the country,  Yeouinaru-gil, offering a great view of the Hangang River, retaining the history of contemporary Seoul and filled with the energy of cultural events throughout the four seasons, and more.All twelve courses are operated free of charge. However, participants must pay the admission fees for the paid museums, such as  the Heojun Museum of Gongamnaru-gil and  the Gyeomjae Jeongseon Memorial Museum of Gyeomjaejeongseon-gil.The program is in operation six days of the week (with the exception of Tuesdays and Chuseok holidays (September 12-14)). Reservations can be made anytime during the period of operation (September 4-November 30) starting on August 30. The program will be operated for foreigners who are interested in Korean history and culture, families of marriage immigrants, disabled persons, and even for just a single person. English commentary is available for each course and wheelchair-using disabled individuals should be accompanied by a guardian. The meeting places for each course will be the nearby subway stations of major cultural artifacts, and the length of operation for each of the 12 walking courses is an average of two hours.For more information, call the Management Office of the Hangang History Exploration Program at 82-70-4290-6967 or visit the programs website (http://visit-hangang.seoul.kr). The routes for Seonyudo-gil and Seonyubong-gil courses are similar to each other. The city named the two courses differently to distinguish the former from the latter, part of which was designed considering the walking path for large groups.
On August 29, 2019, Park Won-soon, the Mayor of Seoul, met and talked with Yukio Hatoyama, the former prime minister of Japan, regarding the improvement of the relationship between Korea and Japan.Mr. Hatoyama visited Korea to participate in the DMZ International Forum on Peace Economy that was held from August 28 to 29 and co-organized by the Korea Institute for International Economy Policy and the National Research Council for Economics, Humanities and Social Sciences.Mr. Hatoyama is one of the well-known, pro-Korean, progressive, Japanese politicians who served as the 93rd prime minister of Japan from September 2009 to June 2010. In August 2015, right before the 70th anniversary of Korean Liberation, he visited the Seodaemun Prison History Hall in Seoul and sincerely apologized for Japans colonial rule by kneeling down in front of the memorial monument. Recently, regarding the termination of the General Security of Military Information Agreement (GSOMIA), he tweeted that the beginning of the conflict between Korea and Japan resides in the fact that Japan made Koreans suffer through the colonization of the Korean Peninsula. This was his fifth meeting with Mayor Park.
Throughout the months of September and October, the best season for taking a stroll, Seoul will be offering a gugak (Korean traditional music) tour program through which audiences can enjoy a play performed by actors and actresses with various genres of gugak, including gayageum byeongchang (simultaneous solo gayageum zither playing and singing by the same artist), pansori, and chamber music while strolling through Namsangol Hanok Village and along Donhwamun-ro.Namsangol Night Tour is a gugak tour program provided by the Seoul Namsan Traditional Theater that will take place from September 20 to October 11, 2019. The program will invite the audience to stroll in the traditional garden inside Namsangol Hanok Village while watching the gugak performance at the same time. It is a new program that will be run under the subtitle, Finding Yeonam Park Ji-won. The performances will be offered in the form of a play that brings the audience on a journey to find Yeonam Park Ji-won, who is known to have lived near Namsangol.The program was prepared to offer the audience an opportunity to feel the essence of gugak in the process of finding Yeonam Park Ji-won while enjoying pansori, gayageum play, and dance that were composed to suit the plot and the spaces. The live performance, which is difficult to be found normally, is expected to add depth to the gugaks flavor. The floating stage over the pond in front of the Cheonugak Pavillion, the last stage of the program, will become the venue for a fantastic concert delivered by geomungo, daegeum, piri, and percussions through which the audience will become mesmerized by the charm of gugak.The program will be run 22 times in total and 40 people per session can make a reservation on a first-come, first-served basis. The tickets are KRW 10,000 and reservation is available online at http://www.ticketlink.co.kr starting on August 28. For more information, visit the website of Seoul Namsan Traditional Theater (https://www.hanokmaeul.or.kr/) or call +82-2-2266-6924.The Seoul Donhwamun Traditional Theater, located on Donghwamun-ro in front of Changdeokgung Palace, will be operating the Donhwamun Picnic program again this year. It is a tour-type program that offers the audience an opportunity to enjoy historical and cultural exploration and a gugak concert at the same time. The program was well-received in 2018 as the first gugak tour performance in Korea.This year, again, an actor who will play the role of a rickshaw pusher from the 1930s will guide the audience along Donhwamun-ro while delivering gugak stories about the Donhwamun Gate of Changdeokgung Palace, the Seoul Museum of Korean Folk Music, the site of Undang Inn, Jongmyo Shrine, and Sulla-gil. After the tour finishes, the audience can watch a creative gugak performance that well-suits an autumn picnic at the concert hall of the Seoul Donhwamun Traditional Theater.From September 25 to October 20, the program will be held 20 times in total, on Wednesdays, Saturdays, and Sundays. The maximum number of audience members per session will be 120, who will be recruited on a first-come, first-served basis. The tickets for all seats are KRW 10,000. Adolescents and young adults (ages 24 years old and under) can receive a 50 % discount and those who use Zero Pay for on-the-spot payment will receive a 30% discount. The reservation is available online at http://ticket.interpark.com/starting on August 28. For more information, visit the website of Seoul Namsan Traditional Theater (http://sdtt.or.kr/user/) or call +82-2-2266-6924.
With Koreas major holiday, Chuseok, just around the corner, traditional markets in Seoul will be selling materials for ancestral rites at reduced prices and holding special events like farmers markets, folk games, and prizes.132 traditional markets in Seoul will be selling materials for Chuseok rituals and various agro-fishery products at discounts of up to 80% from August 28 to September 11, 2019. Major participating markets include  Gwangjang Market (Jongno-gu),  Sinjungbu Market (Jung-gu),  Dongbu Market (Jungnang-gu),  Donam Market (Seongbuk-gu),  Sinchang Market (Dobong-gu),  Mangwon Market (Mapo-gu),  Gyeongchang Market (Yangcheon-gu),  Songhwa Market (Gangseo-gu),  Guro Market (Guro-gu),  Nammun Market (Geumcheon-gu),  Fruit & Vegetable Market (Yeongdeungpo-gu),  Sinsa Market (Gwanak-gu), and  Yeongdong Traditional Market (Gangnam-gu). Visitors can enjoy not only the discount, but also the special atmosphere of Chuseok by participating in folk games, such as kicking jegi and tuho, and a lottery events to win prizes.10,000 shopping trolleys are ready to be offered to the customers who spend over KRW 50,000 or pay more than KRW 5,000 through Zero Pay. Customers who make purchases of over a certain amount can also receive various prizes, including a voucher for each market.Specifically, Munjeong-dong Rodeo Street (Songpa-gu) will offer a discount of up to 80% to customers who buy Chuseok garb, including clothes and shoes. Cheongnyangni Fruits & Vegetable Wholesale Market (Dongdaemun-gu) and Bangi Market (Songpa-gu) will be selling Chuseok gift sets, agricultural, fishery & livestock products, and fruits with discounts of up to 50%.Aside from the discounts and free gift events, a variety of other events will take place throughout the markets for visitors to immerse themselves in the holiday atmosphere, such as making songpyeon (half-moon-shaped rice cake), playing yut, kicking jegi, and arm wrestling tournaments. These events are expected to allow the participation of regular citizens and merchants together.In order to promote the convenience of the citizens who visit traditional markets, Seoul will temporarily increase the number of markets in Seoul from 42 to 112 (70 more markets) from September 6 to 15, allowing parking and temporary stopping in nearby roads for up to two hours. The list of markets where temporary parking is permitted is posted on Seouls website (www.seoul.go.kr).
Seoul declares the coexistence between Seoul and other provinces together with 29 local governments in recognition of the necessity for special measures to address the polarization and imbalance between Seoul and other regions. To this end, the city has announced a comprehensive plan for the coexistence between Seoul and other provinces and has plans to invest KRW 240.6 billion to implement 36 projects by 2022.The three keywords are people, information, and goods. Since the inauguration of Mayor Park, the collaboration for the exchange of goods has been largely expanded through the establishment of the IMarketU store, the public meal service for the win-win relationship between the city and farming villages, the public dormitory, and the market for farmers. Therefore, the paradigm must be changed so that people, information, and goods can be exchanged more effectively. As a result, the first medium- and long-term master plan was formulated to systemize the existing projects and expand its influence.For the exchanges of human resources, Seoul will focus on the employment of the youth and their entrepreneurship. The city will encourage young people to move to other regions to find new opportunities and revitalize the regions. Support for those who want to go back to the farm, which has been mainly focused on educational programs, will evolve into an on-spot stay through which participants can live in farming villages and learn about the villages lives.To share information, the city will operate a travelling innovation road, a program to distribute innovative technologies and policies concentrated in Seoul, through which Seouls government officials and experts will form a team to visit other regions and offer consulting services. In addition, visiting performances and exhibition exchanges will be expanded for regions with low accessibility to culture and art.For the exchange of goods, the Farming Republic (tentative name), a comprehensive platform for promotion, sales, and experience related to urban agriculture, will open in 2021 in Magok. Following the opening of the IMarketU store as the springboard for offline promotion and sales of agricultural products and specialty products from other provinces, an online platform will be opened by the end of this year.The IMarketU store is located in Anguk-dong, Jongno-gu (New Anguk Building, 39, Yulgok-ro), where visitors can encounter various regions in a variety of ways. It is filled with unique and healthy agricultural products and specialty products from various regions, as well as a diverse array of information, such as the regions festivals, tourist resources, and cultural contents.As the foothold for a win-win relationship between Seoul and other provinces, economic vitalization of farming and fishing villages, and information sharing related to healthy foods, the IMarketU store is a platform for win-win exchanges and a cooperation network where foods from throughout the country, various information on tourism and festivals, excellent agro-fishery products, and specialty products are available.
Seoul hosts Seoul Friendship Festival 2019, from August 31 to September 1, 2019, in Seoul Plaza, Mugyo-ro, and Cheonggyecheon-ro. The Seoul Friendship Festival is a representative global festival where visitors can enjoy cultures from multiple countries in one spot.Before the opening ceremony, the World City Parade will be held spectacularly with the starting signal made by Park Won-soon, the Mayor of Seoul, at 14:00 on August 31 in Seoul Plaza. 16 performance groups of Seouls sister cities will join the parade wearing the unique garb from their countries, followed by a citizens group, the honor guard of the Korea Coast Guard, and the drum and fife band of Yumkwang Girls High School. The parade section will be expanded this year to start from Seoul Plaza and go through Sejong-daero, Cheonggyecheon-ro, and Mugyo-ro and then return to Seoul Plaza. On the stage installed on Cheonggye-ro, colorful spectacles will be offered to the citizens who come to enjoy the festival.At the opening ceremony, there will be cultural performances by visiting sister cities on the stage installed at Seoul Plaza, including LA cheerleading, Estonian dance, Mozambican folk dance, traditional dance and instrumental music of Beijing, as well as a congratulatory performance by the winning team of the international K-pop dance contest that took place in Bogota, Colombia.World Food Exhibition, which has been popular every year, will take place on Mugyo-ro and Cheonggyecheon-ro (12:00-18:00 on August 31 and September 1). From familiar dishes like phat thai of Thailand and tacos of Mexico to unfamiliar foods from Poland and South America, visitors can enjoy popular foods from cities all over the world at the same place.47 countries will participate in World Tourism Promotion to display and sell various traditional items and introduce their charming tourist contents at booths installed in Seoul Plaza (12:00-18:00 on August 31 / 12:00-17:00 on September 1).
Start-Up Seoul: Tech-Rise 2019, an event organized by the city of Seoul and supervised by the Seoul Business Agency, will take place this year from September 4 to 6. The event venues include Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP), Seoul Biohub, Seoul Startup Hub, and Yangjae R&D Innovation Hub. Participation is open to everyone, free-of-charge.Start-Up Seoul: Tech-Rise 2019 is a representative start-up ecosystem event held in Seoul with the participation of 200 start-ups and 300 domestic and foreign players from 20 countries. Participants will include 60 global experts in business foundation including JF Gauthier (USA, Startup Genome) and Bouke Marsman (the Netherlands, McKinsey & Company), 10 accelerators (AC) including Creative Valley (France) and Rocket Internet (Germany), and 130 investors & start-ups including Grab Ventures (Singapore) and Revolver Asia (Singapore).The event will be held under three themes: Global, Contest, and Share. Under the theme, Global, the event will host programs such as Seoul Start-up Ecosystem Tour with global figures like Chris Yeo (Grab Ventures) on Day 1, a keynote speech and discussion between panels on Day 2, and a seminar on the trends in the global start-up ecosystem on Day 3.Major figures who will participate in the programs under the Global theme include Yann Gozlan (France, Creative Valley), Adam Pluemer (USA, Sprint Academy), Magnus Grimeland (Singapore, Antler), and Jirut Wattoom (Thailand, Sprint Accelerator Thailand).Under the theme, Contest, there will be programs including the pitching contest for start-ups with innovative technologies & products on Day 2, the Seoul Start-up Next Frontier Day on Day 2, and a competition for start-ups overseas expansion on Day 3. What characterizes Start-Up Seoul: Tech-Rise 2019 Contest is that it holds a pitching contest and competition that are suitable for each industry, going beyond an exhibition or a piecemeal contest, which provides participants with the opportunities to attract investments and achieve sales.Seoul aims to attract investments of over KRW 12 billion and achieve sales of over KRW 5 billion through 15 channels of support associated with investment over the three days during which the event takes place. To this end, the city also hosts the Companies with Innovative Technology Testbed Exhibition, along with the pitching contests and competitions. The exhibition will become a channel for the innovative products in their initial development stage, for which to find the market is difficult, to be purchased by public institutions.Under the theme, Share, programs will be held including the participating domestic and foreign start-ups matching day on Day 2, the innovative products fair on Day 2, the large & global companies open innovation seminar on Day 2, and the Seoul start-up manufacture forum on Day 3. The event expects the participation of not only Seoul, but also companies, the private sector, and universities. 15 private institutions including SparkLabs and WeWork will operate a joint session in cooperation with the city. Six large domestic companies (CJ, Samsung, SK, Lotte, Hyundai Motors, and Benz Korea) will host an open innovation and meet-up to promote the collaboration with start-ups and exchanges with their businesses. The city of Seoul has set the goal of generating mutual business opportunities amongst the 300 institutions and 3,000 players through the programs that will be operated during the three-day period of the event.On September 5, Seoul will present Global Open Platform Startup City, the vision of the city, in front of the foreign start-up experts and audience. Seoul will attempt to advertise its status as a city to realize the goals of start-ups where talented people from around the world gather, a city open to innovative technologies, products, and services, and a city as a platform for sharing resources and information between different fields. With Start-Up Seoul: Tech-Rise 2019 as a catalyst, Seoul has plans to make itself a Seoul for start-ups, where foreign talent and entrepreneurs can realize their dreams, a testbed city Seoul, to quickly produce innovative products, and a platform Seoul, where players, including domestic and foreign investors and start-ups, can share information and resources.Website of Start-Up Seoul: Tech-Rise 2019: www.startupseoul.or.kr
Seoul will be holding the mascot exhibition from August 26 to September 1, 2019 at Gwanghwamun Square, in order to successfully host the 100th National Sports Festival and 39th National Para Games. The exhibition was prepared to spark the interest of regular citizens to participate in the 100th National Sports Festival that will be held from October 4 to 10, 2019 and the 39th National Para Games that will be held from October 15 to 19, 2019.A total of 74 sculptures will be on display, including those representing 45 of the 47 sports played at the National Sports Festival (excluding the modern pentathlon and triathlon), and those embodying 29 sports of the 30 sports played at the National Para Games. There are two mascots, Haetti (yellow) for the 100th National Sports Festival and Haeon (blue) for the 39th National Para Games.The sculptures of the mascots were manufactured to stand 1.3 meters high, including the 30-centimeter base, with colorful expressions and gestures to allow viewers, from children to adults, to feel free to enjoy the exhibition and take photos together with them.Following the exhibition in Gwanghwamun Square, the mascots will participate in travelling exhibitions to be displayed in other venues including Seoul Plaza (Sept. 10-15) and Jamsil Sports Complex (Oct. 4-19) to entice more visitors. After the sports festivals comes to an end, the sculptures will be installed in stadiums or in each sports association to be continuously in use. 100th National Sports Festival
 Dates: October 4-10, 2019
 Venues: 73 stadiums including Jamsil Stadium
 Number of Sports to be Played: 47 (45 regular sports, 2 demonstration sports) / high school competition, university competition, general competition
 Number of Participants: ~30,000 (17 cities and provinces, 18 overseas Koreans teams, board members) 39th National Para Games
 Dates: October 15-19, 2019
 Venues: 32 stadiums including Jamsil Stadium
 Number of Sports to be Played: 30
 Number of Participants: ~8,500 (6,000 players, 2,500 board members and guardians)
Park Won Soon, the Mayor of Seoul, participated in the opening ceremony of the  SME Fair held on August 23, 2019 with the participation of over 200 Seoulites. He offered a message of support and encouragement to SMEs, merchants, and farmers who are facing difficulties due to the restriction on exports to Japan.The YES SME Fair was held from August 23 to 24 and was organized by the city of Seoul. It is the event that is held based on social solidarity between the government, private sector, and citizens with the aim of minimizing the damage of SMEs and farmers caused by the restriction on exports to Japan. A total of over 230 companies selling household items, agro-fishery products & processed foods, fashion items & jewelry, or travel products participated in the fair.To find out more, go to http://english.seoul.go.kr/seoul-holds-yes-sme-fair/In his opening speech, Mayor Park Won Soon emphasized that the power to overcome the export restriction comes from such solidarity and showed Seouls strong will to employ the most administrative capabilities to minimize the damage to companies, merchants, and farmers.Mayor Park also joined in the cheer performance with pickets together with the other guests. After the opening ceremony, he visited the sales booths, one after another, installed in Seoul Plaza, Mugyo-ro, Cheonggye Plaza, and the Press Center to listen to the voices of SMEs, merchants, and farmers.
Seoul will become an arena of technologies and ideas for global companies, universities, and labs that have innovative technologies. The city will be operating the Seoul Global Challenge, an international R&D competition for global innovators of all nationalities to find innovative solutions for Seouls urban problems.In competitive R&D, several research institutions compete with one another over a subject and some of them are eliminated from the competition through a mid-term evaluation to arrive at a final conclusion. It is similar to a sports tournament or a survival game. As the demand for the technologies of the Fourth Industrial Revolution, such as AI and blockchain, increases, many countries are adopting an open, competitive R&D system through synergy and convergence with innovative technologies, escaping from single-subject, single-institution R&D.In the Seoul Global Challenge, Seoul presents the challenging task of solving an urban problem that is in demand by citizens and is difficult to be tackled  global companies, universities, and labs compete against each other by developing products, solutions, and prototypes to solve the problem Seoul provided support to cover the research funds of excellent products and solutions through a phased evaluation and buys the product and solution of the final winner to put it into practice in administration.During such process, the subway, tunnels, Hangang River bridges, and other spots managed by the city will be open as the testbed to assess the effect and performance of the (potential) products and solutions and verify their business value. For excellent ideas, the city will offer a development fund for manufacturing prototypes.The city of Seoul has plans to run the Seoul Global Challenge not as a temporary, short-term project but as a permanent platform providing sustainable solutions to urban problems, producing new solutions every year to contribute to the enhancement of the quality of life of Seoulites. The city has the goal of becoming a testbed city with a collaborative ecosystem of innovative industries that interacts with global state-of-the-art technologies and human resources to develop innovative solutions to address urban problems.The first task of the Seoul Global Challenge will be to develop a method to reduce the amount of particulate matter in the subway in Seoul. The prize money amounts to KRW 750 million and the project will be operated for six months until February 2020.The task aims at devising an innovative plan to reduce the amount of particulate matter in the subway in Seoul, which is closely related to the daily life of the residents of Seoul. Despite being an important space for Seoulites that is in average used by 7.25 million passengers per day, the basement space of the Seoul Subway is enclosed and difficult to ventilate, which makes it hard to control the air quality.The Seoul Global Challenge 2019-2020 has the purpose of discovering the best innovative technology in existence that can be promptly used on the spot. Companies, universities, research institutions, industry-academic consortiums, college students, and individuals with the technology to reduce the particulate matter in the subway can participate, regardless of nationality.Participants should suggest a product or a solution to reduce the particulate matter in one of three spaces:  the subway tunnel,  the platform, or  the train. The winner will be selected through two rounds of evaluations.The first evaluation consists of an interview and the screening of the proposal documents submitted by each team. The products and solutions that pass the first evaluation will be have their particulate matter reduction effect verified in the real subway tunnels (five stations including Hyochang Park Station, Line 6), the platforms (10 stations including Itaewon Station, Line 6), and the train (Line 2) as the testbed. The second evaluation will be comprised of the on-spot screening along with an evaluation performed by the citizen evaluation team, made up of citizens who have completed education on particulate matter in the subway.An evaluation committee, comprised of experts in related fields, will select the final winner by evaluating the particulate matter reduction efficacy, economic feasibility, innovation, suitability, and workability, considering the results of the first and second rounds of evaluation. The winner of the grand prize will receive KRW 500 million as prize money together with the Mayors Award. The second prize winner will receive a certificate of merit and KRW 100 million, and the excellence prize winners for each category (tunnel, platform, and train) will receive a certificate of merit and KRW 50 million.Seoul has the goal of holding a dominant position in technologies in the field of subway air quality improvement by purchasing the excellent product and/or solution ratified by the Seoul Global Challenge 2019-2020 and immediately applying them to the subway in Seoul. The teams that want to participate in Seoul Global Challenge 2019-2020 should submit their proposal online through the New Technology Portal (www.seoul-tech.com/seoulglobalchallenge) from September 9 to November 22, 2019.The 2nd Seoul Global Challenge (2020-2021) will present the same challenge of devising a method to reduce the particulate matter in the subway in Seoul, to pursue the further development of new innovative ideas and technologies. The city will provide participants with enough time to prepare (one year), as well as support for prototype development, office space, mentoring services, and more.
Seoul, in collaboration with Seoul City Tour, will provide support for adolescents who have relatively few opportunities to go on a trip due to their economic and social difficulties. For this purpose, the city will operate the DMZ Tour with Seoul & Seoul City Tour Co., Ltd. targeting over 70 disadvantaged adolescents from low-income or single-parent families.Seoul City has been running the tour support program in association with social contribution activities of private corporations since 2018. The program has been run based on private-public cooperation, with private companies offering economic resources and tour operation while the city of Seoul is responsible for promotion and participant recruitment through the public media. The 2nd tour program in 2019 will be operated again based on the MOU signed with Seoul City Tour to provide support for the tour for underprivileged adolescents.For the adolescents participating in the DMZ tour, the program will provide an opportunity to understand the modern history of the country and think about the meaning of peace between South Korea and North Korea. The course will include a tour of the Freedom Bridge, through which over 10,000 prisoners returned during the Korean War the Imjingak Pavilion, where visitors can look at the land of North Korea across the Imjingang River The 3rd Tunnel, where visitors can feel the reality of the division of Korea into South and North the Dorasan Observatory, the northernmost observatory to look into the life of North Korea Dorasan Station, the last station of Gyeongui Line in South Korea and the War Memorial, where visitors can look back on the Korean War and the history of division.Seoul will operate this tour program targeting disadvantaged groups in terms of travel with the help of Seoul City Tour and other companies that want to collaborate with the city.
It has been 10 years since Seoul started to actively operate the Metabolic Syndrome Control Project through the community health centers in 25 autonomous districts. Now, the city is pursuing smart healthcare by introducing ICT-based U Health Zones to find subjects and support self-healthcare. 100 U Health Zones will be established at workplaces and branches of community health centers to reinforce a close management of chronic diseases for office workers in their 40s and 50s and other residents.The idea of Seouls Smart Healthcare is to operate U Health Zones based on the latest ICT. In them, users can have a health check-up through finger vein recognition  measurement of body size, body fat, blood pressure, and stress  checking the result on the spot on the kiosk or through an app on their mobile phone. This way, users can learn whether they need to take measures against obesity, blood pressure, or diabetes.The city will be pursuing Smart Healthcare by providing check-ups for risk groups with high body fat and blood pressure using the U Health Zone. Risk groups will be encouraged to participate in a metabolic syndrome control program and to take care of themselves in order to prevent the contraction of chronic diseases.Seoul first began the pilot program for metabolic syndrome control in 2009 and expanded the program to all community health centers in all autonomous districts. The goal of the project, Discovering A Million Seoulites with Metabolic Syndrome, was achieved in 2016. Until August 2019, a total of 1.5 million people have participated in the program.The introduction of the ICT-based U Health Zone is part of efforts by Seoul to make a new leap after evaluating the existing metabolic syndrome control project. This will improve the accessibility for male office workers in their 40s and 50s, a group with a relatively high metabolic syndrome prevalence rate who rarely visit community health centers, and enhance the daily environment to facilitate the self-healthcare of citizens.U Health Zones will be established at branches of community health centers and workplaces in Seoul that will participate in the metabolic syndrome control program. This will make the U Health Zone available for office workers, who have found it difficult to visit community health centers due to their busy working schedule, allowing them to check their health regularly and receive direct help in managing chronic diseases through the health control system that will be followed by visits from specialist from the community health center to provide counseling.
Image of Donuimun Gate Restored through ARDonuimun Gate (Source: Seoul Museum of History)Donuimun Gate, which was forcefully dismantled by the Japanese Empire in 1915, will come back to citizens thanks to AR (augmented reality) & VR (virtual reality) technologies after 104 years. Donuimun Gate, also called Seodaemun Gate, was completed in 1396. It went through several reconstructions and was dismantled because of road expansion according to the urban plan in 1915, during the Japanese colonial period. It was the large west gate of the four gates in Hanyang (historical name of Seoul) in the Joseon period, but now there is not even a trace.What is remarkable in this Donuimun Gate digital restoration project is that it lets visitors experience Donuimun Gate through AR and VR, cutting-edge technologies of the Fourth Industrial Revolution, overcoming physical restrictions such as traffic jams and economic compensation that have been in the way of the gates restoration over the last 100 years.When you download Donuimun AR (the mobile application for an AR experience of Donuimun Gate) and run the app on new Jeongdong Sageori, you can encounter how imposing Donuimun Gate looked from various angles. The strength of the app lies in that it enables you to appreciate diverse appearances of Donuimun Gate, as it offers more than four graphics depending the time of day.Feasibility Study and Basic Plan for Donuimun Gate Restoration, published by the city of Seoul in 2010, includes the architectural technique used to build the gate, the historical research of its original location, and the plan for its restoration. Based on this, the completeness of the restoration was enhanced with the thorough investigation by experts and the participation of a company specializing in SFX.In order to expand the experience of the digital representation of Donuimun Gate and encourage more tourists to visit Donuimun Museum Village, a three-floor experience center will be operated in the village. You can not only see a miniature of Donuimun Gate and the exhibition of old photos, but look around the surroundings of Donuimun Gate and climb the fortress in the Donuimun Gate VR zone.The first floor of the experience center will exhibit a miniature of Donuimun Gate, photos showing its appearance in the past, and a video that tells about the history of Donuimun Gate and the process of its restoration. On the second and third floors, a VR zone will be run where you can experience Donuimun Gate through virtual reality. There are a total of eight VR devices in the VR zone. Seoul City has plans to offer more diverse content that will enable visitors to time travel to the Joseon Period when Donuimun Gate was first constructed or experience Hanyangdoseong, the Seoul City Wall, through VR.
Seoul will be hosting YES SME Fair for two days on August 23-24, 2019 at Seoul Plaza, in front of the Press Center, Cheonggye Plaza, Mugyo-ro, and Deoksugung Palace, in order to support small- and medium-sized Korean enterprises that are having difficulty due to the restriction of exports to Japan and enable the sale of special products which had been typically dependent on export to Japan.
 Operation Hours: August 23 (Fri.) 12:00-19:00 / August 24 (Sat.) 10:00-18:00
(The participating enterprises and products on sale are subject to change according to on-site conditions.)YES SME Fair is comprised of three categories:  sales of products, including household items, agro-fishery products, and processed foods (Seoul Plaza, Cheonggye Plaza, Mugyo-ro, and Deoksugung-gil, and in front of Press Center),  consulting services for enterprises, regarding SME support policy and acceptance of damage cases caused by the export restriction, and  buyer consulting session for diversification of export market (on 1F of the new City Hall building).First, the product sales will be divided into excellent household items, agro-fishery products & processed foods for co-existence of regions, Seoul tourism fair, and fashion & jewelry.The excellent household items sales will take place at the west part of Seoul Plaza and in front of the Press Center (Seoul Madang) and a total of 106 companies will participate to sell their living products, home appliances, and beauty products. There will be additional events, such as a roulette prize lottery event and product experience center.The agro-fishery products & processed foods sales for co-existence of regions will take place at Mugyo-ro and a total of 40 enterprises, including farms at risk of damage caused by the export restriction, will participate to sell abalone, sea mustard, laver, etc. Additional events, such as making shopping baskets to reduce plastic bag use and food sampling, will also take place.Seoul tourism fair will take place at Cheonggye Plaza. Promotion booths for local autonomous governments including Gangwon Province and Gwangju City will be in operation and 13 tour agencies will sell and advertise their domestic travel products and tour experience programs. A Seoul tourism promotion bus, a bus made by refurbishing a two-story city tour bus, will be run as well.The fashion & jewelry sales and the sales of SME products recommended by autonomous districts will take place at Deoksugung-gil. A total of 44 companies will partake to sell jewelry, hand-made shoes, and accessories, and additional events like 365 Fashion Show and showroom will also be operated.In addition, on-site consulting services for companies damaged by the restriction of exports to Japan will be provided. Traveling Company Counseling Center will be operated at Seoul Plaza. The related institutions will cooperate to listen to the difficulties of visiting companies to inform them of the support they can receive from the central government and Seoul City. An export consulting session for buyers for diversifying the export market will also take place.
To commemorate the pain, struggle and courage of the women forced into sexual slavery by the Japanese forces, a memorial statue was erected near the former site of a Japanese imperial shrine on Namsan Mountain (beside the Namsan Library, 100-266, Hoehyeon-dong 1-ga), a place where the pain of Japans atrocities can be felt to this day.This memorial for comfort women is a 160-centimeter-tall life-size statue of three girls (each from Korea, China, and the Philippines) facing forward and holding hands next to a statue of the late Kim Hak-sun, who in 1991 became the first woman to publicly testify about sex slavery during the Japanese Occupation, portrayed looking at the three girls with calm eyes.At the inauguration ceremony, held on August 14, a day before the National Liberation Day, the memorial statue for victims of the Japanese sexual slavery was unveiled to the public. The Japanese Military Comfort Women Memorial Day (August 14) was designated as a national memorial day to commemorate the date on which the late Kim Hak-sun (1924-1997) first denounced the brutalities suffered by comfort women on August 14, 1991. What makes the memorial statue installed on Namsan Mountain more meaningful is that it was donated by the Korean residents in San Francisco, the first metropolitan city in the US to erect a memorial statue for comfort women, in 2017, to raise awareness on the issue of comfort women around the world.Steven Whyte, the American sculptor who created the memorial statue established in San Francisco, was also behind the memorial statue installed in Seoul.The memorial statues in San Francisco and Seoul are similar in that they embody participation and communication and solidarity between the past and the present, transcending the borders of nationalities and generations. However, the one in Seoul is different in that the circle formed by the girls is open, leaving room for visitors to join hands with them to complete the work. In addition, to help visitors feel closer to and better remember the issue of comfort women, the one in Seoul was installed without a base, to match the eye level of the citizens.The vicinity of the former site of the Japanese imperial shrine was chosen as the location because Namsan Mountain is a historic place that holds the painful memory of the Japanese occupation and is frequented by citizens, making it suitable to invite citizens to remember the pain suffered by the victims of Japanese sexual slavery.
Seoul has selected 28 winners through expert evaluation and a citizens screening among a total of 1,098 projects submitted to the 5th Architecture with Me Storytelling Contest.The contest, which was held under the theme, Seoul, an architectural story, focused on small but special stories of villages that tell us the tales of the life of the neighborhood with open spaces of buildings at the center. Specifically, various stories about Seongsu-dong and the district of Hongdae that have not yet been discovered were submitted.Nakwon Market, which contained the stories of a great number of people of Nakwon Market that carries a 50-year history, was honored as the grand prize winner in the media (video) category.
 Summary of Nakwon Market, the grand prize winner in the media category
  Nakwon Market, the only place in the world where one can find instrument stores, is already 50 years old. The technicians who have brought their youthful dreams to Nakwon Market have now become middle-aged artisans. During its five-decade history, Nakwon Market has contained various stories of a great number of people. The real value of Nakwon Market may be the memories and stories of the musicians whose musical careers began thanks to Nakwon Market, the artisans who helped them, and the youth who have visited Nakwon Market with the same dreams of pursuing music. The selected winning works will be made into a collection to be distributed. The characteristics and histories of each building will be widely promoted to enhance the value of the city of Seoul. The winners will receive the Mayors Award and will be displayed at Oil Tank Culture Park T6 during the period of the 11th Seoul Architecture Festival (Sept. 6  Sept. 22).Total : 2516 essays, 6 photos, 3 videos
Yevit Some Film Festival will be held from August 23 to August 24, 2019 in Banpo Hangang Park. This film festival will be held free of charge to offer citizens an escape from the summer heat wave.Celebrating its second anniversary, Yevit Some Film Festival was prepared this year under the theme of family. At 7:30 p.m. on August 23, Set Me Free starring Choi Woo-sik will be screened, and on August 24, My Little Brother starring Lee Yo-won will be screened, both free of charge. Before the film screening, there will be various preliminary events, such as outdoor performances, that will take place starting at 5 p.m. A performance of erhu, which is called the violin of the East, and bipa, which is called heavens instrument because of its clear sound, will first entertain the audience, followed by colorful busking performances by four bands who mainly perform on the streets of Hongdae.In addition, there will be various prize lottery events, including an on-the-spot lottery event, an SNS photo posting event, caricature booths, and a red carpet photo zone.
Following the first half of 2019, Seoul continues to offer support of up to KRW 15 million for small-scale repairs and environmental improvements for the maintenance of Seoul Future Heritage, the tangible and intangible heritage that characterize modern-day Seoul. Seoul also offers tailored support, as the city produces the promotional materials for the Future Heritage that needs to be advertised. Through the practical support for the preservation of the Future Heritage, the city will be helping to keep the Future Heritage intact for a longer period of time, as it is on the verge of destruction and damage. Seoul Future Heritage is the modern heritage in Seoul that contains the common memories and emotions shared by a great number of citizens. As of today, the city of Seoul has selected a total of 461 pieces of tangible and intangible Seoul Future Heritage.Unlike the cultural properties that are maintained in accordance with the law, the Seoul Future Heritage is, in principle, discovered and preserved by citizens for the citizens. Thus, the Future Heritage is largely exposed to destruction and damage due to social changes like urban development. This is why the city of Seoul has accepted the advice of experts and opinions from policy discussions which stated that minimum tailored support is required for the functional maintenance of the Future Heritage and its sustainable preservation and use. The city has been pursuing the tailored support project since 2018.In the first half of 2019, the city selected 15 pieces of Future Heritage through the tailored support project to offer support for small-scale repairs and improvements to the environment, and made 25 promotion materials for 24 Future Heritages. In the second half of this year, again, the city will conduct small-scale repairs and environmental improvements for the facilities whose owners have insufficient abilities for maintenance and for small stores with poor business environments. The eligible applicants for the support in the second half of this year are those who were not selected for the support project in the first half of the year. The selected targets for support will receive up to KRW 15 million for the repair costs.For the Future Heritages with necessities for promotion, including old stores with difficulties in management due to a lack of promotion or buildings of which the historical and cultural value should be widely advertised, the city will produce various promotional materials, such as illustration postcards, leaflets, and copper-plate notices.To be selected for the Seoul Future Heritage tailored support project in the second half of 2019, the owners or the managers of the Future Heritages should submit an application form via an in-person visit or e-mail by September 4 (Wed.). The application form and more information are available on the Seoul Future Heritage website (futureheritage.seoul.go.kr). For all inquiries, contact the Future Heritage Team of Culture Policy Division of Seoul at +82-2-2133-2549.
A plan for establishing city libraries in five regions to accelerate balanced information and culture development in Seoul has been formulated. Seoul City will be constructing two libraries in the southwestern region (Gangseo and Gwanak as well as one each in the northeastern (Dobong), southeastern (Songpa), and northwestern (Seodaemun) regions step by step by 2025 through the investment of a budget amounting to KRW 310 billion.If the Seoul Metropolitan Library, the only municipal library in the city, is the main building, the soon-to-be-built five regional city libraries will play the role of branches. The number of libraries established by each district (66) and small libraries (195) will be increased to 216 and 1200 by 2025 as well. When the project is done, the library network in Seoul will become denser and contain 1,444 libraries, increased from the current 1,178, so that all citizens can enjoy high-quality information and culture near their homes.Seoul City selected the region to build the city libraries in considering balanced regional development first, in order to address the gap of information and culture between regions and to encourage their equal development. Focusing on the regions with few cultural facilities, the number of libraries in the area, their scale, accessibility, and the synergy effect with other cultural and public facilities were comprehensively considered.The city libraries that will be newly established will not only be places to read books, but spaces for residents communication with books as the mediation where they discuss, enjoy exhibitions and performances, create and studypresenting a new paradigm of libraries.Specifically, each library will be established as a special library. For example, one built in the southwestern region will be a science and environment library, focusing on experience programs and education, making the most of its location where visitors can find the Seoul Botanic Park and several neighborhood and eco parks nearby. In the northwestern region, where companies related to digital media and major broadcasting stations are concentrated, a digital media library will be established. In the northeastern region, where the most number of universities are concentrated in the nation, a lifelong study library will be built.Seoul City announced the target regions where the regional city libraries will be established and a concrete plan containing the content mentioned above, claiming that it will innovatively improve and expand the library infrastructure in Seoul and lead the qualitative innovation of public libraries.First, the libraries that will be built in five regions will be  a humanities and social science library in the northeastern region (Banghak-dong, Dobong-gu),  a digital media library in the northwestern region (Gajaeul New Town, Seodaemun-gu),  a science and environment library in the southwestern region (Naebalsan-dong, Gangseo-gu),  a start-up and business library in the southwestern region (Geumcheon Police Station, Gwanak-gu), and  a performance and art library in the southeastern region (Wirye Housing Site, Songpa-gu).Second, the city will invest KRW 125.2 billion to establish an additional 66 public libraries by 2025 so that every citizen can use a library within a 10-minute walk from their home. The number of public small libraries will also be increased from 1,005 to 1,200.Last, library service will be renovated as well. A mobile library service will be available through which the books and materials of all public libraries (city and district) and education office libraries can be searched and borrowed with a single app. The libraries will become more accessible as the city will run one support center for the disadvantaged group in information services in each of the 25 autonomous districts.  The program tailored to users life-cycle stages will also be accelerated.
The Seoul-type Paid Sick Leave Support project is now in operation, paying the living wage of Seoul (as of 2019, KRW 81,180 per day) for up to 11 days per year (10 days for hospitalization and 1 day for the Health Insurance Corporation physical examination) to the vulnerable labor group (receiving a median income of less than 100%), including dayworkers, economically dependent workers, and small business owners, who have not been able to receive medical care because they couldnt use sick leave. The target individuals can apply for the service at a local community service center or public health center. Seoul City made an agreement with 15 small business organizations and dayworkers organizations on June 3 to pursue the Seoul-type Paid Sick Leave Support project to more carefully activate Seoul Care, taking care of working citizens.The Seoul-type Paid Sick Leave Support is an innovative initiative to prevent vulnerable worker groups from being deprived of medical services. With this service, the first of its kind in the nation, the city provides laborers and business owners who cant benefit from sick leave as defined in the Labor Standards Act or have been living in a welfare dead zone with partial living expenses for up to 11 days per year (10 days for hospitalization and 1 day for the Health Insurance Corporation physical examination).As of 2016, the percentage of permanent employees who benefit from paid leave is 74.3%, compared to 32.1% for temporary workers. Low-income workers and small business owners who do not have paid leave abandon the chance to receive medical care when they catch diseases, which has become a cause of an increase in social costs as their diseases become serious.Seoul City started the Seoul-type Paid Sick Leave Support project, the first of its kind in the nation, as a key project of the Comprehensive Plan for Healthy Seoul that was announced by Mayor Park Won Soon in April 2019, in order to guarantee non-discriminatory rights to health and ensure the minimum social security for vulnerable laborers and small business owners who cannot receive treatment even when they are sick. Ones income and property should be considered when determining if ones median income is less than 100%.  The income should be calculated according to the income standard chart according to the size of the household that was announced by the Ministry of Health and Welfare in 2019 and  the property should be less than KRW 250 million. Both criteria should be met in order to receive the service. If a person who works as a delivery person belonging to a three-person household with a monthly income of KRW 3.5 million living in a home rented through the Jeonse system (key money of KRW 240 million) injures his/her leg and was hospitalized, he/she can receive KRW 811,800 from the Seoul-type Paid Sick Leave Support service.Applicants should visit the community service center or the public health center in the area he or she lives in. The application form is downloadable from the website of Seoul, autonomous districts, public health centers, and community service centers. One should fill out the form and submit it via drop off, registered mail, or fax.
In October 2019, Seoul Fintech Lab will open in Yeouido, Seouls financial district, becoming the nations largest space specializing in fintech and expecting to house over 70 fintech companies. The city of Seoul will combine Seoul Fintech Lab in Mapo with the Second Fintech Lab in Yeouido to establish a larger one that will be reborn into a main space for the fintech industry.The new Seoul Fintech Lab will have four floors, remodeled from the Second Fintech Lab that had one floor in WeWork Yeouido. It will have not only the office space for over 70 companies, but also spaces for the companies development and investment promotion, including meeting rooms, seminar rooms, and a shared lounge.Seoul will be selecting 54 companies in the second round of recruitment, following the first round of recruitment in July 2019 through which 16 companies were selected to move into the Seoul Fintech Lab. Applicants should visit Seouls website (www.seoul.go.kr) or K-startups website (www.k-startup.go.kr) to check the announcements and submit the application form to the 6th floor of WeWork Yeouido (the Second Fintech Lab) by 4 p.m. on August 23.The area of recruitment is the fintech industry combined with financial or IT technology. Eligible applicants include Korean or foreign start-ups that are still in their growing stages, were established within the past seven years, have attracted investment of over KRW 100 million, are recording annual sales of over KRW 100 million, and employing more than four employees.The selected companies will be provided office space for a year and will be able to extend for another year after a screening in a years time. During the move-in period, companies will also be offered various tailored services, including incubating, mentoring, networking with domestic and overseas financial companies, and overseas IR. The city of Seoul will provide the companies with customized services according to their developing stages and goals and support their overseas expansion through the operating company.Having opened in July 2019, the Second Fintech Lab is home to 11 domestic companies and 5 foreign companies that are actively running their businesses.
Which street of Seoul is most beloved by foreigners? The city of Seoul offers a course experience event called the Seoul City Walking Tour through which participants can discover the unique charm of Seoul while walking through the citys major tourist attractions, including Gyeongbokgung Palace, Changdeokgung Palace, and Bukchon.Seoul City Walking Tour provides the opportunity for an exploration of Seoul with expert commentary by the culture and tour guide. It is divided into 33 courses into categories such as traditional culture-focused area, modern culture-focused area, ecologically restored area, and more.There is an event in which the expats living in Seoul or the foreign tourists visiting Seoul can participate. Those interested in participating in the event should leave a review by September 30, 2019 after participating in the Seoul City Walking Tour.Reservations of ones desired course is available on the Seoul City Walking Tour website (http://english.visitseoul.net/walking-tour). Those interested in participating in the event must post photos and a review on Facebook (https://www.facebook.com/doboseoul) to participate. One team (3 individuals) that is selected by lottery will be announced on the Seoul City Walking Tour Facebook in October and will be offered a prize (USD 150 Amazon gift card).Through the event, Seoul will select the five courses most loved by foreigners and advertise these courses on Seoul City Walking Tours SNS in order to ameliorate foreign tourists experiences of Seoul.The city of Seoul is constantly developing and offering a unique Seoul City Walking Tour to attract more Korean and foreign tourists. The city is expecting that the courses Night Tour of Seoullo, in which participants are offered a glimpse of the nightscape of downtown Seoul in summer, and Cheonggyecheon 1, which will offer the opportunity to cool off amidst an exhausting heat wave, will be particularly popular.Night Tour of Seoullo (2 km, 2 hours) will begin at Seoullo, a new landmark of Seoul, and continue through Namdaemun Church, Hanyangdoseong (Seoul City Wall), and Baekbeom Square in Namsan. From Seoullos modern look to the portrayal of Seouls history through Hanyangdoseong (Seoul City Wall), the course will provide participants with a relaxing time in the urban center.Cheonggyecheon 1 (2.7 km, 2 hours & 30 minutes) is comprised of the places that provide participants with a cool, refreshing time downtown in the sweltering summer. Along Cheonggyecheon Stream, participants can find Cheonggye Plaza, Gwangtonggyo Bridge, Supyogyo Bridge, Ogansugyo Bridge, and Igansumun Floodgate while enjoying views to look at and things to eat throughout the neighboring areas including Gwanghwamun, Jongno, and Dongdaemun.
The city of Seoul will be greatly reinforcing support for the descendants of independence activists who sacrificed and devoted themselves to the nations independence. The city will be supporting the descendants who are economically challenged with the aim of providing them with honorable and stable lives through respectful treatment and support, in order to compensate for the commitments of their ancestors.The independence activists here refer to the martyrs and patriots defined in the Act on the Honorable Treatment of Persons of Distinguished Service to Independence. According to the Ministry of Patriots and Veterans Affairs, the number of independence activists is 15,454, and the number of their descendants currently living in Seoul is estimated to be about 17,000. The number of individuals of distinguished service to independence still living and residing in Seoul is 10 patriots and their average age is 95.Unfortunately, in many cases, the economic hardship was passed down to new generations, rather than the honor and pride, because their families became financially poor through their dedication to the independence movement. As the economic hardship obstructed the opportunity for education, the education level of later generations became lower than that of the independence activists (57% with at least a high school diploma). Seven out of ten activists and their descendants (74.2%) earn less than KRW 2 million a month.Seoul has prepared the legal foundation to support these persons of distinguished service to independence through the First Patriots and Veterans Comprehensive Plan (announced in 2012), the first of its kind developed by a local government, and increased the number of patriot and veteran benefits from one (veterans honorary benefit) to four.The city is set to reinforce the honorable treatment, including financial support, by establishing the supporting policies for descendants of independence activists. Starting in January 2020, life-supporting benefits for independence activists will be launched to offer support of KRW 200,000 per month to about 3,300 low-income households with descendants of independence activists, providing substantial economic aid.The special provision of public rental housing for descendants of independence activists will be expanded by providing an additional 178 houses, which is 5% of houses built in Godeok-dong, Gangil-dong, and Wirye. The move-in period for these houses will start in 2020. 1,900 independence activists and their prioritized families will now be offered a water bill reduction of 10 m3 per month and an 80% parking fee reduction in public parking lots in Seoul.The Independence Activist Scholarship will be established targeting the students (living in Seoul) attending universities in Seoul as fourth to fifth generation descendants of independence activists. The purpose of this scholarship is to enable academically talented descendants of independence activists to study without worrying about tuition, supporting a total of 100 students with KRW 3 million per person.With Independence Day just around the corner, Seoul announced the plan for honorable treatment and support reinforcement for descendants of persons of distinguished service to independence. Following the First and Second Patriots and Veterans Comprehensive Plans (in 2012 and 2018) through which the city largely enhanced the honorable treatment of patriots and which is directly related to the stability of their lives, including the benefits, residence, and medical expenses, the city has separately prepared the plan for the independence activists and their descendants in celebration of the 100th anniversary of March First Movement and the establishment of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea. By 2022, KRW 73.1 billion will be invested in ten projects in the three categories of  stable life support,  inspiration of honor and pride,  and reinforcement of honorable treatment.
On Independence Day (August 15, 2019), Jamsugyo Bridge will be transformed into the venue for the 15 Days until the 100th National Sports Festival event. The entire road on Jamsugyo Bridge will be closed and a large, 100-meter, inflatable air bounce will be installed to celebrate the 100th National Sports Festival.Jamsugyo Culture Party is a one-day event to open Jamsugyo Bridge and its surroundings to the public by shutting down the road on the bridge. Visitors are welcome to enjoy a sports experience program on the 100-meter, inflatable, air bounce, watch a special photo exhibition of the 100th National Sports Festival, and participate in a coloring event of the 100-shaped sculpture, the number symbolizing the 100th National Sports Festival. The moonlight sports festival and puppet show that are associated with the Hangang Summer Festival are perfectly suitable activities for children to enjoy.The event venue will extend from the southern end of Jamsugyo Bridge to Banpo Hangang Park. 30 Bamdokkaebi Night Market food trucks will be in operation to offering dishes from mouth-watering menus. The Green Impact Market will also be held, where vendors will sell various handicrafts and household items that convey the environment-friendly spirit.The event will take place from 2 p.m. to 8 p.m., free of charge. Up to five individuals can participate in the 100-meter Air Bounce Challenge Run each time to keep the experience environment safe.
The city of Seoul has completed the project to establish unique Hangang Forests, such as the bamboo forest in Ichon Hangang Park, through an investment of KRW 4.6 billion in order to plant 11,707 trees by July 2019.The project for Hangang Forest establishment started in 2015 in order to recover the natural aspects of Hangang River. Three forest models (ecological forest, forest for use, buffer forest) have been created according to the characteristics of each location. An ecological forest is formed by the river with the purpose of recovering nature, a forest for use offers rest areas along the riverside that can be used by citizens, and a buffer forest is formed by the road to act as a buffer between the area, blocking out the noise and other landscapes. Ecological forest: by the river, to recover nature by planting pussy willows or willows
 Forest for use: riverside rest area with shade trees and diverse landscapes
 Buffer forest: roadside, protection from the noise and outside landscapeThe Hangang Forests established in the first half of 2019 are buffer forests, where trees with high dust absorbing capacity were planted in order to block the dust from the roadside as a measure to reduce levels of particulate matter, and forests for use, which offer convenience to citizens with shade trees that create shaded rest areas.The Hangang Forests that have been established this time through consideration to regional characteristics are located in five Hangang Parks with 11,707 planted trees. Their establishment was completed in July 2019 and the forests will be open to the public starting in August. The five forests are  a bamboo forest in Ichon,  a poplar street from Ichon to Nanji,  a buffer forest in Yanghwa,  a buffer forest & forest for use in Banpo, and  a forest for use in Nanji.The bamboo forest in Ichon Hangang Park is an expanded version of the existing, green zone bamboo trees that have been abandoned near the Dongjakdaegyo Bridge. A total of 5,471 bamboo trees were planted to make a bamboo forest where visitors can enjoy the greenery throughout the four seasons. Bamboo trees were mainly grown in the southern part of the country. The first bamboo-themed forest in Seoul could come to be after in-depth consultation and discussion between several experts.Along the 6-km section from Ichon to Nanji Hangang Park, 1,307 poplars were planted to create a poplar-themed trail where citizens can enjoy the serene riverside atmosphere. As the poplars add a vertical, rhythmic charm to the horizontal landscape of the Hangang River to create a scenery that is unique to the Hangang Riverside, the trail is expected to become a popular attraction.At the Banpo Hangang Park, 578 shade trees and decorative trees were planted in order to offer convenient, shaded rest areas to visitors. In addition, decorative pine trees were planted in the nearby Moonlight Square to improve the landscape in the winter and shade trees were planted along the bicycle paths to create cool shade, making a bike riding forest that is unique to the Hangang River.2,763 trees were planted near the Seonyugyo Bridge in Yanghwa Hangang Park in order to form a buffer forest to block out the noise and dust from the nearby Olympic Highway. The functional aspects of the forest were emphasized as nut pines and pine trees, evergreens with high particulate matter and noise reducing capacities, were planted here.At Nanji Hangang Park, which is crowded with visitors as it holds various events and festivals including Hangang Summer Festival, a total of 1,468 shade trees were planted to prioritize the convenience of visitors who can enjoy the cool shades.
Seoul has announced the nations first comprehensive plan for the improvement of labor conditions for caregivers, based on the idea that the betterment of labor conditions for caregivers should be done first to enhance the publicity surrounding and quality of caregiving services for the elderly and the handicapped. The city will invest KRW 12.2 billion in four categories, focusing on the right to work and the right of health. Caregivers are playing a pivotal role in giving the caregiving service in the rapidly aging Korean society as they professionally take care of the handicapped and the elderly. However, they are exposed to poor working conditions like unstable employment, low income, emotional labor, and health risks. The comprehensive plan was devised to improve the labor conditions of 84,000 caregivers working in Seoul and the quality of caregiving services.A factual survey conducted by the city before setting the plan demonstrated that most caregivers are temporary, short-term workers and their hourly wage is lower than half of the average of those working in the field of healthcare and welfare services, amounting to only 39% of the average of those working in the industry. Due to a lack of substitute workers, most caregivers must work even if they are sick. These workers are exposed to the risks of infectious diseases through the course of directly caring for and moving the elderly or the handicapped with physical disabilities.Until 2021, the city of Seoul will be pursuing the comprehensive plan for improvement of labor conditions for caregivers, which is comprised of four categories ( Guarantee of the right to work,  support for healthy caregiving labor,  reinforcing excellent caregiving capabilities, and  promotion of communication and strengthening of management and supervision), eight policies, and 25 projects under the vision of expanding good jobs for reinforcing the publicity of caregiving services.First, the city will develop the standard labor guidelines for protecting the right to work, which will be offered to each institution, and expand long-term caregiving institutions that will provide substitute workers. Caregiving Service Academy for Caregivers will be operated starting in 2020 to offer caregivers relevant knowledge so they do not have their right to work violated due to ignorance. Seoul Public Agency for Social Service will be established in 25 autonomous districts by 2021 to expand direct employment.Second, the city will support the physical/emotional health rights of caregivers for sustainable caregiving services. Starting in October 2019, a free flu shot will be offered to all caregivers ages 64 and under working for the long-term caregiving institutions in Seoul.Third, the city will increase the assessment items related to the betterment of labor conditions of caregivers in the index of Excellent Seoul-type Caregiving Service Certificate, which is given to excellent long-term caregiving institutions that satisfy the criteria for a good caregiving service set by the city, in order to induce voluntary participation from institutions. In addition, educational programs for job skill enhancement will be developed and provided for caregivers to improve their capabilities.Fourth, the city will make efforts to strengthen the publicity surrounding long-term caregiving institutions in order to address the situation in which the industry is crowded with small-scale institutions because of the low entry barriers, leading to lower labor conditions of workers and the services.The city will check twice a year whether those institutions will have used the financial accounting system for long-term caregiving institutions for transparent financial management. Plus, the Seoul Long-term Caregiving Policy Committee will be established and operated, in which the city, caregivers, caregiving institutions, and experts will participate to give advice on the related policies of the city.
Seoul Metro offers unique facilities in Seoul subway stations in order to actualize a pleasant station environment and passengers convenience. Just three years ago, mops and buckets were used for washing the stairs and floors of platforms and waiting rooms of subway stations. Now, the wet vacuum cleaner has replaced mops and buckets. The wet vacuum cleaner was introduced to prevent the occurrence of breakdowns or corrosion of railways or other machines due to the flow of water in the course of cleaning. It is an expensive device that costs up to KRW 4-6.5 million and is as heavy as 200 kg.It was for the safety of subway facilities that the wet vacuum cleaner was introduced, but it also enhanced efficiency in the operation of the cleaning crew. Before, to clean 1,000 m2 in one hour, five cleaners were needed. Now, only one cleaner is required to do the same task. An official from Seoul Metro said, The day of and the day after an emergency announcement for reducing particulate matter, we operate an additional cleaning with the wet vacuum cleaner. This will contribute to the reduction of particulate matter in underground spaces.The trash cans installed on platforms and in waiting rooms in subway stations are being transformed as well. 18.9-liter liquid collecting cans are being added for passengers to be able to discard leftover beverages. Before, it was common for a trash can in the subway station to stink because of disposable cups containing leftover coffee or juice, with dirty surroundings as the liquid spilled out.Based on the idea of workers of Seoul Metro to solve the problem, liquid collecting cans were installed for the first time in September 2018 in three stations, including Gangnam Station. Now, passengers can use the 40 liquid collecting cans in 11 stations, including Sinchon Station, Seoul National University Station, and Gwanghwamun Station. Even if one cannot find a liquid collecting can, however, one should discard the liquid and the cup separately.In the middle of the night, after the operation of trains has finished, large tongs, as long as 2 meters, appear in the subway stations. These tongs are useful tools for picking up items that passengers have dropped in the gap between the train and the platform. With safety ensured, as gap cleaning occurs during the hours in which trains are not in operation, the subway staff opens the safety door and collects the missing articles dropped on the railway using the tongs.The items that are most often dropped through the narrow gap include mobile phones, wallets, earphones, glasses, and umbrellas. In July, a passenger who was getting on the train at Gangdong-gu Office Station dropped a cardigan and was able to get it back. When trains are crowded, passengers should pay attention so that their items do not slip from their hands when getting on or off the train. Dapsimni Station (Line 5) is the only station among the 277 stations operated by Seoul Metro where passengers can find a salad vending machine. Sales in June, its first month of operation, reached KRW 2.82 million and increased by 43 % last month to KRW 4.03 million. Seoul Metro is considering the additional establishment of salad vending machines in Euljiro 3-ga Station and Chungjeongno Station.
Youth Zone Gangnam, an innovative space for the youth consisting of two floors and built by Seoul on a gross area of 300.9  in Gaepo Digital Innovation Park, will officially open on August 8, 2019. It is the seventh Youth Zone established in Seoul and the first of its kind in the southeastern part of the city.Youth Zone is a space for the youth, established to guarantee their activities in accordance with Article 19 of Seoul Metropolitan Government Framework Ordinance on Youth Job. The Korean name of the space Youth Zone (Zero Gravity Zone) conveys the meaning that it supports the activities of the youth free from the pressure imposed by society. The establishment of Youth Zone Gangnam is following the foundation of those in  G Valley,  Daebang-dong,  Yangcheon,  Dobong,  Seongbuk, and  Seodaemun, in that order.Seoul has plans to design and offer programs for the youth that are associated with the neighboring institutions as Youth Zone Gangnam is located in Gaepo Digital Innovation Park, the foothold of the Fourth Industrial Revolution where a diverse array of agents in the field of IT, including developers, start-ups, and young entrepreneurs, perform activities. The location was also chosen for the nearby variety of facilities that support start-ups, such as Gangnam Youth Entrepreneurship Support Center, Google Campus, and D.Camp.Youth Zone Gangnam is comprised of  the Common Space (main hall) to hold conferences, forums, study meetings, or networking parties,  the Seminar Room (meeting room) to hold small-scale seminars and meetings,  the Shared Kitchen for cooking,  the Recording Studio for solo creators who create podcasts or produce recordings,  the Rest Area to provide users with a relaxing time lying on beanbags and reading books from the shared bookshelves, and more.Youth Zone Gangnam is open from 10 a.m. to 8 a.m. on Mondays to Fridays, and from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Saturdays. It is closed on Sundays and national holidays. For inquiries on participation in its programs and for rental, call Youth Zone Gangnam at +82-2-6205-0482.Address: Inside of Gaepo Digital Innovation Park, 416, Gaepo-ro, Gangnam-gu, Seoul
By public transportation: Walk out of Exit 8 of Gaepodong Station (Bundang Line)
"	The city of Seoul secured KRW 100 million in special subsidies for the Support Project for Men and Women for Healthy Childbirth, which shifted the paradigm of the women-focused pregnancy support system to one that is both men-and women-focused, as it received an Excellence Award for being a good policy to address the low birth rate. Seoul will expand the ChildbirthSupport Project for Men and Women from 12 autonomous districts in 2018, to all autonomous districts by 2020, and reinforce the support for infertility to initiatively build the model of public service for infertility-pregnancy-childbirth.The project is a new pregnancy-support public service that helps healthy child delivery by proactively detecting and controlling high risks in conception through a process of conducting medical examinations for men and women beforehand. Since 2017, Seoul has operated the pilot program together with the Korean Society of Maternal and Child Care in four districts. As the necessity for the program and satisfaction of the participants were high, the city expanded the operation of the program to 12 districts by 2018. The program is scheduled to be operated in all 25 districts by 2019.Seoul has developed and applied a standard manual for the prompt settlement of the project and offered a one-stop service by constructing the Seouls Pregnancy & Delivery Information Center (web and mobile) for the first time. The city has intensified the promotion through various advertising channels by using familiar cases experienced by the programs participants in order to improve awareness surrounding healthy pregnancies.	The Seouls Pregnancy & Delivery Information Center (https://seoul-agi.seoul.go.kr/smom) was established in May 2018 so that more residents can participate in the program by applying online, without being required to visit a public healthcare center. In addition, the city constructed the platform with an integrated service in which users can find comprehensive information on pregnancy, child delivery, and infertility."
"	Seoul will be hosting the Global ISEOULU Video & Photo Contest to advertise the value, charm, and identity of ISEOULU, the original brand of Seoul city and to build and spread its image as a citizen-driven city brand.The Global ISEOULU Video & Photo Contest will held with the two categories of video content and photographs under the theme Coexistence, Passion, and Leisure, the keywords that identify Seouls ISEOULU brand. The application period is from August 5 to September 30.Not only can regular citizens who are interested in and supportive of the brand of Seoul participate, but also foreigners can participate in the Global ISEOULU Video & Photo Contest. Specifically, special prizes will be awarded to children and group (club, team, etc.) participants.Applications can be submitted online. Applicants should download the form and fill it out to submit online together with their work (http://ideananumso.com/iseoulu). Foreign applicants can submit the form and artwork via e-mail (iseoulu@goodcontest.co.kr).Among the submitted works, 59 pieces will be selected through three rounds of screening and offered the Seoul Mayors Award. The total amount of prize money will amount to KRW 30 million. The selected pieces will be exhibited in public places, such as Seoul Citizens Hall, and recorded in a catalog and a booklet for the promotion of the citys policies."
The list of selected items will be announced on Seouls website at the end of October and the winners will receive up to KRW 5 million of prize money (from a total of KRW 30 million in prize money).	Overview of the Contest
"	Period: August 5 (Wed.)  September 30 (Mon.), 2019"
"	Theme: Coexistence, Passion, and Leisure, the keywords that identify Seouls brand ISEOULU"
	Eligibility: Any citizen who is interested in the brand of Seoul (Korean or foreign)
	Contest Categories & How to Submit: Online application (http://ideananumso.com/iseoulu)
Video: Film, advertisement, music video, flash mob, interview, streaming (BJ), etc.
"	 Any video, from 10 seconds to five minutes long, uploaded on SNS, such as YouTube. The link must be submitted."
Photo: Digital or printed photo
"	 Digital photo (jpg., smaller than 20MB), printed photo (1114)"
"	To be used for: Spreading on Seouls SNS channels (videos), exhibition (photos)DownLoad Submission Form"
"	Platform Changdong 61, a cultural complex in the northeastern part of Seoul, has announced the line-up of special concerts for the second half of 2019. Changdong Akgamu(   Music, Song, Dance) concert will feature Kim Duk Soo X Ensemble SINAWI, Lee Bong-geun X Park Beom-tae X Andy Kim, and Black String, while Friday Night Live (FNL) concert will stage performances by SUMIN, Jclef, and nov.In October, Platform Changdong 61 will be hosting a reggae festa. Special concerts in the second half of this year will boast the most spectacular line-up of all time, arousing high expectations from prospective visitors.Platform Chandong 61 has been offering high-quality musical content in an effort to introduce a wide range of music by hosting Changdong Akgamu, a concert held in order to present various genres of music, including gugak (Korean traditional music), and FNL, a concert held in order to stage indie and popular music. Changdong Akgamu takes place on the last Wednesday of every month at the Redbox of Platform Changdong 61, staging various genres and performances, including gugak, jazz, world music, focus stage, instrumental, vocal, and dance. FNL, or Friday Night Live, has been presenting various concepts of special performances with trendy musicians on Friday nights.Changdong Akgamu, a concert famous for its experimental and challenging but highly capable stage, has presented performances of various genres by top artists. In the second half of 2019, Changdong Akgamu will invite Kim Duk Soo X Ensemble SINAWI (September), Lee Bong-geun X Park Beom-tae X Andy Kim (October), and Black String (November).	The announcement of the line-up for the second half of 2019 of FNL, a relay concert on Friday nights held to introduce various genres of music oscillating between indie and popular music, has drawn a lot of attention from the prospective visitors. With the concept of female musicians representing folk/ballad, reggae, and R&B, the three stages of FNL will invite SUMIN, Jclef, and nov, musicians with trendy sensibility.On August 8, the package ticket will be open for purchase to allow the audience to buy tickets for Changdong Akgamu and FNL at reduced prices. The prices of Akgamu Sept.-Nov. Package and the FNL Sept.-Nov. Package, with which visitors can enjoy each program from September to November, will be offered at a 30% discount at KRW 20,000 and KRW 40,000, respectively.For information on various concerts, exhibitions, and classes held at Platform Changdong 61 can be found at http://www.platform61.kr."
"	As Seoul pursues the 10-minute Neighborhood Life-enhancing SOC Project through which convenience facilities located within a ten-minute walk of old low-rise houses will be expanded, the city has decided on a final list of which life-enhancing SOC facilities will be established in 13 model autonomous districts as the first step of the project.The 10-minute Neighborhood SOC Life-enhancing Project is an urban restoration project targeting each neighborhood to provide life-enhancing facilities closely related to the lives of ordinary citizens, such as small libraries, daycare centers, seniors welfare centers, welfare centers for adolescents/children, culture and sports centers, parks, and parking lots, that are located within a five- to ten-minute walk (250-500 m) of old low-rise housing structures. The city of Seoul has plans to supply over 180 facilities throughout the city by 2022.Seoul city aims to supply life-enhancing facilities that can be well used by the residents of old low-rise residential areas that have relatively poorer life-enhancing facilities compared to large apartment complexes. In addition, the city has goals of creating livable residential areas, ameliorating old houses, and providing high-quality, low-cost residential structures by building such facilities.The 13 facilities that will be established in each autonomous district are  three parking lots (Yongsan-gu, Yangcheon-gu, Gangseo-gu),  three small libraries (Gwangjin-gu, Jungnang-gu, Yeongdeungpo-gu),  four culture and sports centers (Gangbuk-gu, Jongno-gu, Guro-gu, Gangdong-gu),  two adolescents & children welfare centers (Gwanak-gu, Seongbuk-gu), and  one daycare center (Eunpyeong-gu).	The 13 projects will be conducted starting in August 2019 and are expected to be completed as early as 2020. The whole budget will be supported by the city of Seoul and implementation is up to each autonomous district. Seoul will provide as much as KRW 2 billion per facility, and a total of KRW 26 billion for all of the projects.	Furthermore, Seoul will establish Three-year Plan for the 10-minute Life-enhancing SOC Project, a long-term project to provide life-enhancing SOC facilities, by the end of the year. Through the analysis and diagnosis of the current state of life-enhancing facilities in the 25 autonomous districts, tailored ways of provision for each low-rise residential area will be prepared. Starting from next year, the life-enhancing SOC project will be expanded to ameliorate the quality of life in low-rise residential areas and to promote balanced regional development."
The city of Seoul will be offering parking spaces exclusively for the use of pregnant women in public parking lots and parking areas attached to public facilities. These parking spaces will offer an ample amount of space in order for pregnant women, who may find it difficult to get in and out of the car due to a small amount of space, to comfortably open the car door.
The pregnant woman-only parking spaces, marked with purple signs, will be 80 cm wider than ordinary parking spaces, making the process of getting in and out of the car more convenient (ordinary parking space: over 2.5 m, pregnant woman-only parking space: over 3.3 m).
Only the automobiles on which the pregnant woman on board badge is attached with a pregnant woman in the vehicle can use the parking spaces for expecting mothers. The badge is issued to women who are pregnant or have delivered a child within the past six months. A community health center in each autonomous district is in charge of the issuance following the application for such badges. When a woman applies for the badge, she should show her certificate of pregnancy with the due date on it or the Mother and Child Health Notebook. The badge will become invalid once it has expired or when the owner moves to another city or province. Those who already have a badge issued by an autonomous district that has been offering pregnant woman-only parking spaces are not required to attain another one and may use the pregnant woman-only parking spaces operated by Seoul with their existing badge.
 The autonomous districts that are already offering parking spaces exclusively for the use of pregnant women: Dongdaemun-gu, Seongbuk-gu, Gangbuk-gu, Nowon-gu, Guro-gu, Seocho-gu, Gwangjin-gu
The city of Seoul pursues the establishment of the pregnant woman-only parking spaces in places with over 30 parking spots, excluding mechanical car parking lots, among the outdoor public parking lots and parking lots attached to the public facilities. In the 101 parking lots that meet with these conditions, the pregnant woman-only parking spaces will be installed at a ratio of over one out of a hundred.
The pregnant woman-only parking spaces will be established within the woman-only parking spaces (10%). If a parking lot has existing woman-only parking spots, some of them can be turned into pregnant woman-only parking spots.
Since 2008, the city of Seoul has offered the woman-only parking spaces for women and vulnerable drivers like expectant mothers and female drivers with child. The city is now constructing the pregnant woman-only parking spaces in pursuant to the ordinance on the establishment and operation of the parking spaces exclusively for the use of pregnant women so that the pregnant women who experience difficulties getting in and out of the automobile can conveniently use parking lots.
< Marking of a parking spot exclusively for the use of pregnant women >
< Car with a pregnant woman on board badge >
"	Seoul City is set to operate the Namsan Dulle-gil Trail Night Hiking program in which participants can walk along the Namsan Dulle-gil Trail with their families, friends, and loved ones while listening to the commentary on nature and appreciating the nightscape.The Namsan Dulle-gil Trail is a program in response to the difficulty of performing outdoor activities during the day due to the heat wave in summer and to let participants enjoy the nocturnal mood of Namsan Forest and unwind.The round-trip night hike takes about two hours (4.5km), guiding the participating hikers to the best hiking course, mainly the northern circuit of the Namsan Dulle-gil Trail. The program is comprised of diverse healthy and special participatory events, including  the commentary on nature,  watching the nightscape from the N Seoul Tower Observation Deck or Namsan Observatory (Pil-dong),  walking on the red clay road with bare feet,  the experience of the healing forest of pine trees, and more.In particular, the healing pine forest, which has been open only during the day, will be open to the participating citizens in the evening for the first time so that they can listen to the story about pine trees in Namsan told by a forest interpreter while taking a rest.The first hiking will take place on August 1 with about 100 participants that will be divided into groups of 20 people. One of the team members will be appointed as the hiking leader to lead the team. The volunteer work hours of participating leaders will be officially acknowledged.The Namsan Dulle-gil Trail Night Hiking will be in operation from August to September starting at 7 p.m. every Thursday. Those who wish to participate should make a reservation in advance.Operation Period: August 1  September 30, 2019"
Days of Operation: Every Thursday  Closed on the National Liberation Day (August 15) and the Chuseok Holiday (September 12)
Hours of Operation: 7 p.m.  9 p.m.
Starting Point: Namsan Annex of Seoul City Hall (231, Samil-daero, Jung-gu, Seoul)
 Chungmuro Station (Line 3 and 4), Exit 3 or 4  Enter the Hanok Village  Walking along the uphill road on the right from the back gate of the Hanok Village  Take the pedestrian overpass and enter the tunnel sidewalk on the left
Eligibility: Anyone can participate
To prepare: Towels, water
How to Participate: Make a reservation on the Seoul Public Service Reservation website or by phone
  Seoul Public Service Reservation: http://yeyak.seoul.go.kr
  Park & Recreation Division of Jungbu Parks & Landscape Management Office: +82-2-3783-5995
 On-site participation is available if the reservation is not full.
"	Seoul City is set to conduct the 23rd Seoul Good Public Design Certification selection for the second half of 2019, targeting excellent Korean public facilities including benches, trash cans, and fences. The Seoul Good Public Design is a certification made by Seoul City to give to valuable public facilities, from aesthetic, functional, and social perspectives. The applications will be received from August 5, 2019, on the Seoul City website.Seoul City has unearthed the public designs that make the city safe and pleasant through the Seoul Good Public Design scheme, in order to improve and manage the urban landscape in a comprehensive and systematic way. From 2009 until now, selections have been made twice a year (in the first and second half) for a total of 22 times, certifying a total of 1,146 products for Seoul Good Public Design.The eligible products for certification comprise a total of 19 kinds of market released public facilities or to-be-released pilot products such as benches, trash cans, bicycle racks, etc. The selected products will receive benefits including exemption from deliberation of the Public Design Promotion Committee and product promotion to Seoul City, autonomous districts within the city, and affiliated institutions. Once certified as Seoul Good Public Design, the product is allowed to use the certification mark for two years, without the need to go through mandatory screening of the Public Design Promotion Committee when taking orders from Seoul City, its autonomous districts, and affiliated institutions, and can promote the products on the website of Seoul Good Public Design Certification and in the booklets distributed to the autonomous districts and affiliated organizations.The application will be open from Aug. 5 until Aug. 9, 2019 on Seoul Good Public Designs website (sgpd.seoul.go.kr). The online and offline document screening (1st round) will be conducted starting on August 19 (Mon), followed by the actual product deliberation (2nd round) and the final evaluation by the Public Design Promotion Committee. The list of selected products will be announced in November 2019."
Seoul City is set to launch the second pre-sale of the ticket for 2019 Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism that will open on September 7. The ordinary ticket price is KRW 9,000 for adults and college students, KRW 6,000 for adolescents, and KRW 5,000 for children. The pre-sale offers up to a 30% discount, with tickets available for adults and college students at KRW 6,300, adolescents at KRW 4,200, and children at KRW 3,000.The period of the second pre-sale is from August 1 to 31, the last chance to buy tickets at a reduced price.With the ticket, you can not only view the free exhibitions at Donuimun Museum Village, Seoul Hall of Urbanism & Architecture, Sewoon Plaza, and Seoul Museum of History but also watch the paid exhibition at Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP), and watch movies during Seoul International Architecture Film Festival (September 25-29).2019 Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism will take place for 65 days from September 7 (Sat.) to November 10 (Sun.) under the theme Collective City at various venues downtown Seoul at Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP), Donuimun Museum Village, Seoul Hall of Urbanism & Architecture, and more. This year, 180 organizations and 43 colleges and universities from 54 countries, including Colombia, Spain, Germany, China, the United States, Italy, etc. participate in the Seoul Biennale.The Thematic Exhibition is the main exhibition of the Seoul Biennale, where you can encounter project exhibits created by experts of various fields that reinterpret the present urban structure under the theme of Collective City. The Cities Exhibition will be dealing with the current issues and problems of 84 cities around the globe and the Global Studios will take place with the participation of 43 domestic and foreign teams. The Live Projects explores traditional markets from various points of view and the Public Programs is comprised of education, tour, film screening, and other events.2019 Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism prepared a variety of events to enrich the enjoyment of the public, befitting its slogan of collaborative creativity, co-creation.Anyone who wishes to participate can actively take part in the Seoul Biennale through the online contest The Discovery of Seoul: A City for Shared Amusement, to be held from July 9 until August 25.Easy and fun access to the Seoul Biennale is also possible through a diverse array of participatory programs open to regular citizens, including educational sessions, lectures, and tours.For more information on 2019 Seoul Biennale of Architecture and Urbanism, please visit the official website (http://www.seoulbiennale.org).
Seoul Urban Life Museum will temporarily open so that visitors can encounter the vivid stories of common residents of Seoul who went to school, worked, and formed families in Seoul, as well as over 1,100 hand-stained relics offer a glimpse into the modern and contemporary lives of Seoulites. The official opening of the Seoul Urban Life Museum will be in September 2019.Seoul Urban Life Museum was established by remodeling the building of the former Seoul Northern District Court that had been abandoned since 2010, when the court complex in Nowon-gu relocated. The urban restoration, instead of dismantling or constructing a building, helps preserve the historical value of old buildings. In addition, the city of Seoul aims to revitalize the neighboring commercial district that has been stagnant after the court complexs move by expanding the cultural infrastructure that is relatively scarce in the northeastern part of Seoul. It is one of the major projects belonging to the Museum City Project that the city of Seoul is pursuing to help more residents enjoy the cultural life and to popularize museums.Seoul Urban Life Museum includes three buildings (main building, annex 1, and annex 2) with a gross area of 6,919 (from 1F to 5F). It is comprised of  the Exhibition Hall (from 1F to 3F of the main building),  Ompang Playground childrens experience center (from 1F to 2F of the main building),  the Detention Center Exhibition Hall (annex 1), and  seminar rooms (annex 2). During the period of the temporary opening, the Exhibition Hall and the Ompang Playground will open to the public, offering visitors a glimpse of the same contents that will be on display at the official opening.First, the Exhibition Hall is the space in which visitors can look into the stories of the daily lives of the people who lived in Seoul by viewing the relics provided by donations from 56 patrons and listening to interviews with 85 Seoulites.The Exhibition Hall consists of three floors, each with a different theme:  the Seoul Scenery, where visitors can look through the changes of Seoul through periodical photos and videos (1F),  Living in Seoul, where visitors can learn about the people who have been living in Seoul (2F), and  the Dream of Seoul, where visitors can be introduced with the busy lives of Seoulites while learning about the changes in their careers and their devotion to the education of their children (3F).Ompang Playground, the experience center for children, especially for kindergarteners and lower grades of elementary school, is located on the first and second floors. The contents, combining stories about ants with which children are familiar and sensory experience play, allow children play house and stimulate their five senses while getting exercise.During the period of the temporary opening, Seoul Urban Life Museum will open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., every Tuesday to Sunday. Admission is free. Groups that make reservations in advanced can enjoy commentary from a guide. The museum can be accessed by Taereung Subway Station (Lines 6 and 7), Exits 5 or 6.Period of Opening: July 26  September 10, 2019
Hours of Operation: 10 a.m.  5 p.m.
Location: Seoul Urban Life Museum (27, Dongil-ro 174-gil, Nowon-gu, Seoul)
Public Transportation
  Subway: Taereung Station (Line 6), Exit 5 Taereung Station (Line 7), Exit 6
Website: www.museum.seoul.kr/sulm/index.do
"	As the city of Seoul is trying to make Magok District a smart city testbed where residents, experts, and companies solve urban issues by experimenting and implementing the technologies of the Fourth Industrial Revolution, the city has selected five Magok Smart City Living Lab projects to finalize the trial. Companies will develop the new technologies of the Fourth Industrial Revolution while residents and experts, who will be the users, will participate in the project to experiment and implement the technologies. For each project, support of KRW 100 million will be offered.	The five projects are Convenient City for the Visually Impaired to develop an app for helping the visually impaired walk and purchase goods conveniently, Residential Participatory Magok Smart City Smell Community Mapping to make a map of smell data in the district,  Fire Recognition System of Magok Residential Area Using Digital Twin Technology Based on Living Lab to develop an app to detect fires in apartments, Outdoor Delivery in Magok Industrial Complex Using Robot Platform Based on Automatic Driving to implement a delivery service run by automatic driving robots, and Study on Smart City-type IoT Personal Transportation Based on Station to install stations exclusively for electric scooters.	First, the Smart Order Application will be developed, with which the visually impaired can easily visit stores and purchase goods. The app will be equipped with a navigation function for the visually impaired so that it can guide him/her with information on the location, entrance, etc. of stores and inform him/her of the menu content at restaurants. He or she can also make payments by having his/her biometric trait read on the app.	Second, residents will measure and collect the smells on every corner of Magok District by carrying a smell measuring instrument to make an online map with the data. The collected information will be used to search for a solution to tackle any offensive odors in the region with the help of AI analysis.	Third, an app will be developed to detect fires in apartments through real-time observation of temperature changes. The digital twin-based, three-dimensional city model will be constructed on which the information, such as temperature and more, will be added through the sensors installed throughout apartments, which enables the real-time situation to be checked through the app.	Fourth, the technology through which robots can deliver food to customers will be verified, in order to develop the service in which the automatic driving robots can be utilized in various ways. The stations to charge electric scooters will be established. Additionally, the city will support the short distance travel of residents by setting forth safety driving rules after collecting data, including the driving environments, travel routes, and more, through the installation IoT sensors on the scooters.	The companies to implement the five Smart City Living Lab projects will run the projects together with residents and experts for about six months using Magok District as a testbed. The outcome will be shared in December 2019 at a briefing session."
"	The quarry from which the stones were collected while establishing Sareung (the tomb of Queen Jeongsun), one of the royal tombs of the Joseon Dynasty that are designated as UNESCO World Heritage, was discovered near Gucheon Valley in Suyu-dong, Gangbuk-gu. The quarry is to be designated as a Cultural Heritage Site (Seoul Monument No. 44), which will be the first of its kind in the nation.	The Quarry of Sareung, which is to be designated as a Cultural Heritage Site, is especially meaningful, as it is the first case informing us of the location of a quarry of a royal tomb from the Joseon Dynasty, which has been unknown until now.	Originally, Sareung (located in Namyangju-si, Gyeonggi-do) was the tomb of Queen Jeongsun (1440-1521), the wife of King Danjong. In 1698 (the 24th year of King Sukjongs reign), when the status of King Danjong was restored, the tomb of Queen Jeongsun was elevated to the status of a royal tomb and was decorated with various stone figures that were suitable for the position. The stones were collected from around the Gucheon Valley in Bukhansan Mountain and this fact was engraved on nearby rocks.	On rocks near the Gucheon Valley are engraved the names of the government officials and masons who were in charge of collecting stones for decorating Sareung in January 1699 (the year of Yellow Rabbit). The fact that the records on the rocks correspond exactly to what is recorded in Sareung Bonneung Dogam Uigwae, a book about the procedure of building Sareung, was discovered and confirmed in the process of designating the quarry as a Cultural Heritage Site.	With water flowing from east to west, following the slope in the Bukhansan National Park, the Gucheon Valley (in Suyu-dong, Gangbuk-gu) is more remarkable as it is flanked by downstream rocks engraved with Geumpyo and Buseokgeumpyo, the signs that inhibit citizens access and stone-collecting.	On the other hand, Prince Inpyeong (1622-1658), the third son of King Injo, was fully trusted by the king since he greatly contributed to the peace of the kingdom after the Manchu War in 1636 as he was sent four times to Qing as an envoy. He established Songgyebyeoleop Garden in 1646 after he came back from his visit to Qing, but the buildings and the bridge have been all destroyed. Now, the only remains include the characters Gucheoneunpok (calligraphed by Lee Shin) and Songgyebyeoleop (calligrapher unknown) that are engraved in the rock and the spot that is assumed to be the site of buildings.	It is presumed that the management of Songgyebyeoleop Garden was neglected because the descendants of Prince Inpyeong got driven out as they were branded as rebels in 1680, after the death of Prince Inpyeong. Thus, the beautiful landscape of the cottage house and the valley were rapidly destroyed as the Gucheon Valley was chosen to be the quarry of the royal tomb.	The Seoul Cultural Properties Committee decided to acknowledge the historical value of both and designate the Quarry of Sareung as a Seoul Monument and the site of Songgyebyeoleop Garden as a Seoul Cultural Property Material in order to preserve them.	This year is a significant year to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the designation and protection of over 600 city-designated cultural heritage materials since the designation of the Tangible Cultural Heritage of Seoul No. 1 (Jangchungdanbi Monument) in 1969.	Seoul City has plans to collaborate closely with the Cultural Heritage Administration to enrich the historical value of the Quarry of Sareung and the Site of Songgyebyeoleop Garden for years to come.<Distribution of Relics Around Gucheon Valley in Suyu-dong, Gangbuk-gu> Relics related to the Quarry of Sareung: a, b, c"
 Relics related to Songgyebeoleop Garden: 1, 2, 3<Gucheon Valley, location of the Quarry of Sareung and the site of Songgyebeoleop Garden>Gucheon Valley, the former location of Songgyebeoleop Garden, which was a vacation spot of Prince Inpyeong, became a quarry from which to collect stones, while Sareung, the royal tomb of Queen Jeongsun, began to be decorated in the 25th year of King Sukjongs reign.<Gucheon Valley with the engraved characters, Gucheoneunpok>Near the waterfall where the Gucheoneunpok engraving can be found, which is the central part of Songgyebeoleop Garden<Gucheon Falls, a central part of Songgyebeoleop Garden>The Gucheon Valley, where Songgyebeoleop Garden was once located, became a quarry for collecting stones to establish a royal tomb of the Joseon Dynasty.<Buseokgeumpyo Engraved on a Rock>A sign to ban citizens from collecting stones in the quarry that was dedicated to the royal family<Geumpyo Engraved on a Rock>A sign to ban citizens from collecting stones in the quarry that was dedicated to the royal family<Gucheoneunpok Engraved on a Rock>Engraved characters that are assumed to be the calligraphy of Lee Shin on the rock of Gucheon Falls, in the center of Songgyebeoleop Garden<Songgyebeoleop Engraved on a Rock>Songgyebeoleop (calligrapher unknown), which was named after the penname of Prince Inpyeong, is engraved on a cliff at the top of Sareung Buseok Gamyeokpilgi.
"	To actively manage the increase in sugar intake and obesity rate of adolescents, the city of Seoul will launch the Adolescent Obesity Prevention Campaign, together with Vital Strategies and the Bloomberg Philanthropies of the United States, international healthcare centers.	In 2018, Seoul joined the Partnership for Healthy Cities, an organization that was founded to decrease fatalities due to the noncommunicable diseases (NCDs) and traffic accidents.	Michael Bloomberg, Global Ambassador for Noncommunicable Diseases of WHO and the former mayor of New York, headed the foundation of the Partnership for Healthy Cities, a global city network for reducing mortalities caused by the NCDs and accidents.	Since 2018, the city of Seoul has discussed the campaign on the prevention of adolescent obesity closely with Bloomberg Philanthropies and Vital Strategies of the United States. As a result, a joint campaign for the reduction of sugar intake will be launched.	According to the Ministry of Food and Drug Safety, in 2019, the sugar intake of adolescents (ages 12-18) in Korea (80.8 g) is higher than that of other age groups and their sugar intake through processed foods (58.9 g) exceeds the WHOs suggested serving amount (about 50 g). While beverages are the biggest source of sugar intake among processed foods, sodas greatly influence the sugar intake of adolescents.	The analysis of dietary life of adolescents living in Seoul demonstrates that more adolescents are drinking sweet beverages or sodas more than three times a week and the obesity rate has continually increased from 5.6% (2007) to 10.1% (2018).	Thus, the city of Seoul will commence an adolescent obesity prevention campaign by planning and creating images under the themes, My child eats this much sugar a day?? The snack my child eats contains this much sugar?? and more. These images will be posted on the exterior of intra-city buses.	The planning and operation of the images for the adolescent obesity prevention campaign will be introduced to 54 member cities of the Partnership for Healthy Cities.	 The website of Partnership for Healthy Cities: https://partnershipforhealthycities.bloomberg.org/"
The city of Seoul is pursuing the project of Building Shade Tree Resting Areas to provide well-shaded areas in the areas near crosswalks and traffic islands in order to tackle certain climate changes like heat waves. Residents can also enjoy a more pleasant pedestrian environment. The project is part of the policy to plant 30 million trees in Seoul. The city plans to invest KRW 400 million to create a total of 400 shade tree resting areas and plant more than 600 shade trees by 2022.In order to launch the project of Building Shade Tree Resting Areas, the city of Seoul selected 113 target zones after receiving recommendations from autonomous districts and examining the appropriateness, considering the surface areas and conditions.In completing the project of Building Shade Tree Resting Areas, the city will plant trees that create large shaded areas, such as zelkovas, on traffic islands or unused spaces near crosswalks, considering the surface area and conditions of the surroundings. If the area is large enough, two to three trees will be planted together and resting facilities, such as benches, will be established for people to take a short rest.When planting the trees, the city will be careful not to block the traffic lights or the view of drivers while taking into account the connection with other facilities for creating shaded areas. Related to the project to plant 30 million trees, Seoul will make continuous efforts to formulate and operate small but effective projects like Building Shade Tree Resting Areas whose impact can be easily experienced by residents.
Until October 6, the Seoul Museum of History will be holding a special exhibition called The Memories of Eleven Families in Bukchon, which looks back on the century of Seouls history through the history of Bukchon, one of the representative spots in Seoul.Located between Gyeongbokgung Palace and Changdeokgung Palace, Bukchon was the closest neighborhood to the royal palaces and one of the best places to live within the city walls. Starting in the early Joseon Dynasty, the area came to symbolize authority and tradition, making it the most desired place in which to reside by those in power. Such geographical conditions of Bukchon have produced a spatial history that is different from all of the other areas of Seoul. Up until the 1860s, Bukchons status as the place of power had been maintained without change, but during the century that followed, it experienced rapid and drastic changes.The special exhibition, The Memories of Eleven Families in Bukchon, reflects the history of Bukchon through the daily lives and memories of the residents from the eleven houses who lived in the area during Bukchons rapidly changing century (1860-1960). The eleven families introduced at the exhibit tell the hundred-year history of Bukchon through their diverse lives, which are vivid testimonies on how Bukchon, as we know it today, has formed.These are the eleven families introduced at the exhibition.
 Family of Wansun Gun (Yi Jae-wan), a kindred of the royal family and the son of Heungwan Gun, the second-eldest brother of Heungseon Daewongun
 Family of Yi Jong-yeol, having resided near a washplace in Wonseo-dong in the early 1900s
 Family of Yun Bo-seon, having guarded Anguk-dong for one hundred years
 Family of Oh Bong-bin, the founder of the Joseon Art Museum during the Japanese occupation period
 Family of Hong Sung-hak of Gyesan Oriental Medical Clinic, a place for visitors and guests in Gye-dong and Jae-dong
 Family of Baek In-je, Professor at Gyeongseong Medical School and founder of Inje University Paik Hospital
 Family and descendants of the House of Min Yeong-hwan and Min Yeong-chan who had official residency in Bukchon while serving at Iwangjik
 Family of Park Han-ki, who lived in an urban hanok in Bukchon
 Family of Bong Hae-ryong, a daegeum musician of Iwangjik aakbu.
 Family of Im In-sik, war photographer and a documentary photographer of Bukchon
 Family of Kim Chang-won, who moved to Wonseo-dong after the Korean War and ran Wonseo Barber Shop to make a livingThe old memories of the eleven families that have survived in different spaces and times are quotidian lives of individuals and the history of Bukchon.The exhibition is comprised of three themes: part 1) The Space of Bukchon, part 2) The History of Bukchon, and part 3) The 11 Families of Bukchon. Parts 2 and 3 are organized to help visitors understand the exhibition by connecting the families related to the central history of Bukchon as microscopic, historical cases.The exhibition arranges separate sections for the 11 families that have lived a hundred years of Bukchons history, in which the collections borrowed from the families are on display. A number of them have already been opened to the public as photos or videos but will be exhibited to the public here for the first time.The admission is free and the hours of operation are from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. on the weekdays and from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. on weekends and national holidays. The museum is closed on Mondays, except on national holidays. More information is available at the Seoul Museum of Historys website (www.museum.seoul.kr). For all inquiries, call +82-2-724-0274.
"	The International Forum on Future Vision of the Han River was held at Seoul City Hall on July 19, 2019. At the forum, Korean and international policies and cases on  the peaceful management of a shared river,  the river and urban water cycle regarding climate change, and  the management of river infrastructure for the next generation were presented, in order to suggest the strategy of using the city of Seoul as an international water environment city and the Hangang River as a global river. Experts from Kyoto University and Louisiana State University Center for River Studies, as well as domestic experts on rivers, participated in the forum. Following the presentations, a discussion and Q&A session between citizens and experts from the government, industry, academia, research institution, and private sector took place surrounding the topic of the direction for the development of the Hangang River as a driving force for the future.	Koh In-suck, the president of Seoul Institute of Technology, which organized the forum, said, The case presentations made by Korean and international experts at the forum will produce ideas on how we should utilize a shared river. In addition, I expect this forum to become a venue for sufficient discussion to give direction to the city of Seoul and the Hangang River regarding the unification of water management and the response to climate change by the government of the Republic of Korea led by the Ministry of Environment."
"	In Seoul Grand Park, the zookeepers make various attempts to help the animals according to the temperature and condition. The park reveals those attemptsarousing the animals curiosity with ice made of fruit juice, offering them raw chicken, which is the food the animals usually eat, in a frozen form to stimulate a new sense, and moremade to help the animals endure the scorching heat of summer in various ways.	Siberian tigers, which are easily affected by hot weather, are having a fun time this summer, swimming and eating frozen chicken and beef ribs as special foods for the hot weather. Asiatic black bears, which were designated as a natural heritage, have a great appetite. They are getting through the blazing heat as they intake vitamins and protein through frozen pollack and fruit frozen in a block of ice.	Come see how the animals have fun playing in the cool, refreshing water. Asian elephants from the tropical region cool down their body in the water sprayed by the zookeepers and spend the summer days eating fruits and large ice cubes.	Seoul Grand Park is providing the animals in the zoo with foods full of special nutrients to help those that are tired and have lost their appetites due to the continuous sweltering heat, in order to help them overcome the stress.	Having come from the tropical region, Asian elephants hate the heat. This is why the zookeepers hose cool water on them and put large ice cubes and fruits in the large pond to let them consume high-sugar fruits in the water.	Sensitive to the heat, Siberian tigers are given frozen chicken and beef ribs as special foods so that they can regain their strength and pass an enjoyable summer.	Species that originally inhabited a cold region and thus is highly sensitive to the heat, European brown bears and the Asiatic black bears, a Korean natural heritage, are provided with protein-filled frozen pollack and fresh fruits as vitamin supplements so that they can get through the summer healthily.	The lions are offered various, unique foods in their large, newly refurbished enclosure. Visitors can see how lions react to a variety of funny foods, such as frozen meat with horns and oxs feet, eggs of emus and ostriches containing beef, and oxs feet hanging from the trees. Elephant dung, of which lions are fond, are also scattered about, arousing interesting reactions from the lions. After the refurbishment, the enclosure for hyenas now offers a swimming pool. Visitors can see the cute and unusual views of the spotted hyenas playing in the swimming pool filled with bubbles and ice.	Seoul Grand Park is making efforts for the welfare of the animals as it operates the behavioral enrichment program by offering them new foods and making their environments as similar to their original habitat as possible, in order for the animals in the zoo to be able to display behaviors like the animals in the wild. Zoo animals Getting through the Heat Wave is part of the behavioral enrichment program of this summer."
"	The stores for selling products of social economy enterprises that carry social values, such as social contribution and fair trade, will open in the JDC Duty Free shop of the Jeju International Airport located in Jeju, Koreas island of cleanliness.	In December 2018, a pilot store called Each opened in the JDC Duty Free to sell over 200 products manufactured by 15 social economy enterprises, including fashion accessories, up-cycling items, and foods. The store earned KRW 28 million in sales in the first month, and six months later, in June, tripled their monthly sales, reaching KRW 93 million. This demonstrated the competitiveness of the products of social economy enterprises in a Duty Free shop and fostered collaboration between three institutionsCity of Seoul, Jeju International Free City Development Center (JDC), and Seoul Social Economy Centerfor boosting their sales even more through systematic promotion and support for expanding sales channels.	The essential point of the collaboration is to turn the duty free shop, which is visited by over 14 million Korean and foreign visitors a year, into the selling foothold of the products of the social economy enterprises in order to easily expose their goods to consumers. The three institutions are determined to play an active role as incubators as well. 	First, the JDC, which will offer the foundation for sales for the social economy enterprises, will provide them with stores for establishing and expanding their stable sales channels and apply an appropriate margin rate. Also, the JDC will support the systematic growth of the companies that will have launched their stores by providing education and consulting services based on its diverse experiences of planning brand merchandise, promotion, sales, and management.	The city of Seoul will actively cooperate in connecting resources, expanding sales channels, and promotion, as well as implement policies to enhance the social value and possibility of growth for the social economy enterprises, guaranteeing their continuous independence. The Seoul Social Economy Center will take the role of unearthing the companies to launch their store in the JDC Duty Free and actively support the activation of the companies operating duty free stores by cultivating store managers and conducting effective promotion."
"	On July 17, the city of Seoul announced its selection of 58 excellent items out of the 182 entries that were submitted through the 7th Seoul Tourism Souvenir Contest. The items were selected based on both an evaluation by experts and a vote by residents and foreigners.	With the theme, My Neighborhood is the Symbol of Seoul, the contest had participants use the abundant resources that represent the autonomous districts and neighborhoods in Seoul as raw materials. Specifically, various souvenirs that helped foreign tourists keep their memories of every corner of Seoul were submitted.	In the product category of the Seoul Tourism Souvenir Contest, a total of 31 winners were selected. The glory of the grand prize was given to Lacquer Tea CupsContaining the Hidden Sights of Seoul, which are a set of Korean-style brassware tea cups engraved with the patterns of Seouls trails."
"	In the image category of the contest, a total of 27 winners were selected. The gold medal was given to SinbukGwoldo, a painting of Gyeongbokgung Palace, a representative Korean heritage, surrounded by Gwanghwamun Square and the Blue House (the Presidents executive office and official residence).	Starting in August, the 11 highly-ranked winners (from grand prize to bronze medal) in the product category and the 8 highly-ranked winners (from gold medal to bronze medal) in the image category will be offered mentoring and commercialization to manufacture up to KRW 160 million worth of products  to be supplied to the city of Seoul. In addition, the award ceremony for all of the 58 winners will take place in October, together with the exhibition of the works."
A total of three prototypes have been created as a result of the private and public joint program for start-ups owned by university students that was implemented for about 10 months, since August 2018, at Yongsan Sangsangga, a youth start-up innovation platform that had been established as an anchor facility for urban rehabilitation in Yongsang Y-Valley. Two of the three prototypes led to the foundation of businesses. Some students from Incheon National University, who developed a mask that blocks particulate matter for dogs, obtained the business license and applied for a trademark with the name of Clab while the students of Incheon Catholic University, who developed an app for sales of goods related to books, did the same under the name of Good Deokhu.The prototypes were developed not just for a simple contest, but through the Yongsan V-Valley Urban Rehabilitation Youth Entrepreneur Cultivation Project. The project introduced a growth-oriented start-up contest where the manufacturing of prototypes is supported so that participating students can start their businesses.The Yongsan Y-Valley Urban Rehabilitation Youth Entrepreneur Cultivation Project began as 10 excellent teams were selected in a Start-up Contest in August 2018. Three teams were finally selected through a Start-up Camp and four steps of support were provided for them, including concentrated mentoring by experts and the designing of prototypes.The city of Seoul will implement a variety of start-up programs together with the private sector, including start-up contests and support for prototype production, as part of the Yongsan Y-Valley Urban Rehabilitation Project. Additionally, focusing on Yongsan Sangsangga, which was established in April 2018 as the innovation foothold, the city will provide small start-ups with pioneering technologies and empty offices in the shopping centers in Yongsan. The city will also spend KRW 20 billion by December 2020 towards pump-priming projects with the purpose of restoring the urban industrial eco-system through supporting new businesses and cultivating new industries.
Seoul announced that it will be pursuing a pilot project for reading called Seoul-type Book Start Reading Project for toddlers 18 months old or less and their caregivers starting in 2019. The project aims to expand the opportunity of enjoying reading culture for toddlers and caregivers who find it inconvenient to go to a library, as well as reinforce the child-rearing support functions of public libraries by providing tailored reading programs and child-rearing information services.The city of Seoul will support the project costs for each district in proportion to the number of newborn infants over the past year. Each district should formulate and implement the Book Start plans according to its circumstances based on the guidelines for the pilot project presented by the city. The total budget of the Book Start project offered by Seoul amounts to KRW 1.4 billion, which will be distributed to each district in proportion to the number of babies born in the past year.
This attempt will address the imbalance of the Book Start projects offered at the public libraries in each region due to budgetary reasons and rectify inequality for all generations in terms of library services. While pursuing the pilot project in 2019, the autonomous districts should cooperate with libraries and related organizations and make efforts to increase the participation rate of the targeted toddlers and caregivers. As of July 2019, a total of 1,015 organizations, including 123 public libraries, in 25 autonomous districts will collaborate in distributing a set of books, operating related programs, and advertising.The city of Seoul will also encourage the operation of child-rearing communities and Book Start volunteer groups in order to provide local caregivers and retirees with the foundation to perform activities in libraries and to assign libraries new roles by utilizing human resources and information from the local community.Seoul City will organize and operate a working council of autonomous districts and a TF team comprised of library officials and infant experts. At the end of the year, the city will deduce a Seoul-type Book Start project model by analyzing the current state and outcomes of the pilot projects of the autonomous districts and assessing the achievement.Panorama of Seoul Metropolitan Library
"The city of Seoul has concluded the schedule for exhibitions and rentals of Bukchon Hanok Hall, a shared space for citizens, for the second half of 2019 through advance recruitment. A variety of exhibitions will be held over the course of six months, starting in July.Bukchon Hanok Hall is one of the hanoks (Korean traditional houses) that the city of Seoul bought in 2003. The city has opened the house to the public in order to preserve hanoks and the landscape of the hanok-concentrated area as part of the Bukchon Rehabilitation Project. The city of Seoul has been operating Bukchon Hanok Hall as a shared hanok for all Seoulites. Since 2017, those who want to hold an exhibition or a lecture that is suitable for a hanok and the locality of Bukchon have been able to apply to rent the space.In the second half of 2019, a total of 19 exhibitions will take place, including 17 exhibitions organized by the citizens who have rented the space and 2 special exhibitions hosted by the city. The theme of the exhibitions, in which students who specialized in arts, artists, and groups will participate, will be either traditional handicrafts, including ceramics, wooden furniture, and so forth, or modern handicrafts like leather crafting, calligraphy, and more. These exhibitions will take place over the course of one week to three weeks according to the theme and participants will be present to guide visitors. The special exhibitions will take place for two weeks in September and in December. In September, Seouls Excellent Hanok Photo Exhibition will be held to introduce 21 hanoks that have been selected as excellent hanoks in Seoul. In December, Welcome Winter SolsticeSeouls Public Hanok Joint Exhibition and Art Market will be hosted where visitors can encounter the works and products of artisans of Bukchon.To hold an exhibition, one should submit an application in advance at the Seoul Hanok Portal (http://hanok.seoul.go.kr), which is open to applicants every first half and second half of the year. Applications for exhibitions during the first half of 2020 will be accepted starting in November 2019.			 Schedule is subject to change according to the condition of participants and facilities"
The city of Seoul announced that it will be adopting a New Pedestrian-friendly Strategy to reverse the old formula for designing and establishing roads and transportation of the industrial generation in which first, space for roadways was secured and then, sidewalks were constructed once space became available. The city will now prioritize pedestrians and bikes, and then eco-friendly vehicles for the future such as shared cars and electric wheelchairs, followed by parking lanes and parks, and lastly space for roadways.On July 14 (Sun.) at 2 p.m. (local time), Seouls Mayor Park Won-soon, who is currently on a tour of Central and South America, visited Ciclovia in Bogota, Colombia, the worlds largest car-free zone that has been in operation since 1982. He declared the Human-focused Bike Revolution for Seoul and said he will establish bicycle highways (Cycle Rapid Transportation, CRT) stretching in all directions of Seoul.The construction of CRT through revolutionary spatial usage is an idea that involves installing bike-only lanes where bikes can be ridden safely, quickly, and comfortably in a space that is separated from the roadway.If existing bike lanes, partial areas beside the roadway, are judged to be unstable, the biggest difference of CRT is that it will be a bike-only zone that is physically separate from pedestrians and cars.In line with Seouls philosophy of transportation, the people-focused street, and the characteristics of the citys structures, various types of CRT will be pursued, including a canopy-type CRT that can be built through the innovative use of the surface structures and overpasses, a tube-type CRT, a green carpet-type CRT that can function as green spaces in urban areas, and more.<Conceptual Diagram of Cycle Rapid Transportation (CRT)>The bike lanes that had the same height as the roadways will now be physically separated from the roadway to secure a safe and comfortable space for bicycle riders. Themed bike lane networks will be established using the bridges over the Hangang River and special bike zones will be built in five different spheres of life. In association with various development projects, a total of 72 km of bike lanes will be established (over 40% bike lane ratio) and a large number of Ttareungyi rental stations will be installed to facilitate the use of bikes between residential zones, office zones, and subway stations.Ttareungyi has become a widely used mode of transportation, as its rental number has reached over 22.35 million over the past four years following its launch. Its services will be ameliorated in preparation for 2020, the year in which 40,000 Ttareungyi will be in service. 1,000 electronic Ttareungyi will be introduced for residents who live in hilly areas. The connection with public transportation will be reinforced through the construction of large-scale Ttareungyi stations near the subway stations that demonstrate a great demand for bikes.Additionally, car-free streets will be expanded. If a car-free street was operated on a roadway in the form of lines, it will now be operated in the form of surfaces under the title of Car-free Zone in areas such as Itaewons special tourist area and Namdaemun Market in which there is a high population of pedestrians including tourists and shoppers.Mayor Park Won-soon said, Over the past eight years, Seouls policy has been centered around people. We will now employ the New Pedestrian-friendly Strategy to reorganize Seouls traffic system to be centered around pedestrians, bicycles, and public transportation under the principle, The right of mobility is a basic, civil right. This will be done in order to improve transportation, which is just as important as food, clothing, and shelter for our residents lives Focusing on the CRT that runs in all directions throughout the city, we will lead the bike revolution for each and every one of our citizens. We will make Seoul an exemplary model as a haven for bike riders, a city in which people feel comfortable, and a sustainable city to reduce particulate matter and tackle climate change.
The city of Seoul held the 2019 Public Design Contest for Citizens in association with the Culture Festival and Seoul Plaza Filled with Culture that will be pursued with the opening of the 100th National Sports Festival. Beginning in March 2019, the citizens of Seoul proposed designs applicable to the cultural event venues, such as interesting sculptures to be installed in rest areas at the Cultural Festivals location and stage designs for Seoul Plaza filled with Culture, under the theme of A Happy Festival with Participation by and Unity between the People.After the evaluation of creative and producible/installable designs with criteria of the quality of work, space creation effect, and publicness, a total of 54 winners were selected, including 35 designs by adults (1 grand prize, 2 gold medals, 3 silver medals, 4 bronze medals, 10 runner-ups, 15 participation prizes) and 19 designs by students (1 grand prize, 1 gold medal, 2 silver medals, 3 bronze medals, 3 runner-ups, 9 participation prizes).The adult grand prize winner was Jo Hyeon-mok who designed Meet n Grid, in which modules were geometrically expressed to form a reasonable and efficient space. With the conception of an organic space that combines a stage for performances and other spaces, the design allows people to use a single space for various purposes. Judges found the design appropriate as it expressed the theme of the contest well.The adult gold prize winners were Jang In-su who designed Seoul Balloon and Jeon Jin-hyeon, Song Min-gyeong who designed Olympic Rings Stage. Seoul Balloon is two large balloons floating in the air, connected to each other with a transparent string. The materials that symbolize the festival are flexibly and lightly designed to facilitate the movement, installation, and dismantlement of a rest area. Olympic Rings Stage is a sculpture designed with the motif of the Olympic rings in order to enhance the symbolism of the Olympic stadium. It was evaluated to be well-designed with the colors and shapes of the masses all designed to be harmonious.The student grand prize winner of the department of students, which was operated to nurture promising public designers, was Lee Hyeong-jun and Esther Park who designed HFAD. Designed with the concept of a stage for people heading towards their dreams, their work was evaluated to be well-designed as a harmonious and hospitable space.The gold prize winner of the department of students was Baek Ha-jeong and Jang Jeong-eun who designed Sign Language. Sign Language is a versatile chair with a sign language that is changeable based on the users wishes, decorated with variable phrases on an electronic display. This design was praised by judges to be extremely creative, as the design was conceived by students. The award ceremony is scheduled to be held on October 4 at Seoul City Hall and the exhibition will be held from October 3 (Thurs.)  11 (Thurs.) at the Sports Complex.Again, this year, Seoul will produce full-size installations of the winners designs for citizens to experience and sit on these products. After a survey of Seoulites opinions, those with high usability will be installed throughout Seoul to be utilized as practical facilities.
 June 13 (Thur.)  September 15 (Sun.), 2019 / Sejong Museum of ArtSejong Center for the Performing Arts hosts Revolution, the Great Pain, Revolutionaries of the 20th Century Contemporary ArtFauvism Masterpiece Exhibition (hereinafter Fauvism Masterpiece Exhibition) from June 13 (Thur.) to September 15 (Sun.) at Sejong Museum of Art. The Fauvism Masterpiece Exhibition displays a total of over 140 artworks, including paintings, photos, sculptures, videos and more, that carry the spirit of the revolutionary artists of the 20th century, who became the watershed of the contemporary and abstract art.The Fauvism Masterpiece Exhibition is the first exhibition in Korea that shows the collection of Muse dart moderne de Troyes of France. The Muse dart moderne de Troyes opened in 1982 as Pierre and Denise Lvy, the owners of the garment brand Lacoste, had donated in 1976 about 2,000 artworks they had collected for over 40 years. During the two years in which the remodeling of the museum, which is a historic building that was designated as a national heritage, is underway, the exhibitions will be held at only two locationsKorea and Germany.Unlike the art until the 20th century, the contemporary art, which was born after the advent of the camera in 1839, did not represent the world as it is seen through the eyes anymore and contained the inside of the human, subconsciousness, and the world of imagination focusing on the message and philosophy of the artists. The Fauvism Masterpiece Exhibition is prepared to let visitors understand the major contemporary artists, groups, and the background against which they were born and their principal by showing the masterpieces of fauvism and cubism that marked the beginning of the contemporary art.In autumn of 1905, Salon dAutomne was planned by Henri Matisse (1869-1954), where seven artists submitted their works of rough brushstrokes and blazing vibrant colors. The critics called the artists who painted the shocking paintings of intense primary colors and rugged lined fauves, to express their criticism and mockery. In autumn of 1908, Georges Braque (1882-1963) submitted Houses at LEstaque as he was influenced by Les Demoiselles dAvignon by Pablo Ruiz Picasso (1881-1973). The form in which the artists analyzed the objects with gaudy colors and reorganized nature after breaking it into pieces was sarcastically called cubism. The people of the time was enchanted by fauvism, which refers to wild beasts, and cubism, which refers to cubes, and the two terms became the greatest titles in the history of contemporary art.The stories about the time of the early 20th century, the tremendous efforts of the artists, their relationship, and the art dealer who helped their growth are connected like a drama. Ambroise Vollard (1866-1939), the greatest art dealer of Europe who had an excellent eye for art as he opened the first solo exhibitions of Paul Cezanne, Henry Matisse, Pablo Ruiz Picasso, was attracted by the painting of Andre Derain (1880-1954) at Salon dAutomne and asked him to create a painting of the scene of London. Vollard asked him to paint a new age, not just a simple landscape, and Derain created Big-Ben with a new perspective, an outstanding work that marked the beginning of the 20th century. The work is acknowledged as one of the greatest works of Fauves, in which the rapidly shifting present and the prospective future are expressed.The Fauvism Masterpiece Exhibition is remarkable as it is the first exhibition of the collection of the Muse dart moderne de Troyes. The artworks that are managed as an important collection of national treasures will nurture the visitors insight to empathize and read the time through the art. In particular, Big-Ben by Derain will be exhibited at the exhibition for the first time in Asia.
"Lets go on a musical picnic to the Hangang River during the scorching hot summer! Lying on a mat, you can listen to various genres of music, including pop and classic, while being refreshed by the cool riverside breeze. If you just want to lie down and unwind, you may visit the open shade canopy installed on the grass of Yeouido Hangang Park. These are all new programs being held for visitors this year during the Hangang Summer Festival, a representative summer festival in Seoul.The city of Seoul will be hosting the 2019 Hangang Summer Festival under the theme, Exciting Hangang Picnic with Culture. The festival will take place over the course of a month, from July 19 to August 18, 2019, at 11 Hangang Parks, providing residents and tourists with the opportunity to enjoy a summer picnic without having to take a long journey.In order to double the enjoyment for participants of the festival, Seoul presents five tips for attending the Hangang summer picnic:  During summer, water, water, water,  River flowing with music satisfy your sensibility,  Cool and fun culture programs,  Small but certain happiness, and  Make healthy and clean Hangang River.	First, you do not have to travel faraway to go find waterparks. Instead, enjoy the traditional programs of the Hangang Summer Festival that have been ever popular, which are continuing into this year too.	Enjoy water play all day at the Hangang Water Picnic-Water Fight Festival (Aug. 3-4 / Youth Plaza of Nanji Hangang Park), where visitors can conquer the Waste Monsters and Robot Villains that appeared at Hangang River with a water gun. The Hangang Cardboard Boat Race (Aug. 2-4 / Riverside in front of Jamsil Interchange in Jamsil Hangang Park and on the river) will be held for visitors to race aboard their own handmade cardboard boats. The Hangang Water Playground (Jul. 26  Aug. 18, everyday  closed on Mon. / Water training area in Ttukseom Hangang Park) is a place where visitors can experience diverse leisure water activities like paddle boating, canoeing, and kayaking. Lastly, the number of screenings held at Cinema Pongdang (Jul. 19  Aug. 16, every Fri. / Water playground in Nanji Hangang Park) will be increased to five (three times last year), driven by its popularity.	Second, the number of music programs held at the Hangang Summer Festival that should not be missed will be increased. Recharge your sensibility by listening to various genres of music befitting the ambiance of the river and summer season.	Hangang Summer Music Picnic (Aug. 2-10, every Fri. and Sat. / Special stage and water stage in Neoreundeulpan in Yeouido Hangang Park), which will be held for the first time in 2019, will stage pop, gugak (Korean traditional music), reggae, and classic performances on four different days. Hangang Jazz Festival (Aug. 2-3 / Yebit stage of Sebitseom Island in Banpo Hangang Park) will hold high-quality jazz concerts, inviting The Big Band jazz orchestra composed of 20 members, Kim Jun, the first-generation Korean jazz vocalist, Malo, one of the top Korean jazz musicians, and Ryu Inki Trio.	Third, an outdoor cinema and the largest outdoor secondhand bookshop in the country will be held under the Hangang bridges. On top of the bridges, various events related to the National Sports Festival will take place."
"	Hangang Film Festival Under the Bridge (Jul. 20  Aug. 17, every Sat. / Under the Cheonho Bridge, the northern extremity of the Cheongdam Bridge, the southern extremity of the Wonhyo Bridge, and the Seoul Battleship Park in Mangwon): 20 films will be screened under five themes, including  most loved films by Koreans in celebration of the 100th anniversary of the birth of Korean films,  the 100th anniversary of the establishment of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea,  the special screening of the works of Director Bong Joon-ho to congratulate his winning of the Palme dOr at the Cannes Film Festival 2019."
"	Secondhand Bookshop Festival Under the Bridge (Aug. 1-18 / Under the Mapo Bridge in Yeouido Hangang Park): a used book market that is very popular among citizens where visitors can sort through over 120,000 used books.	Fourth, take a personal day and check out the evening programs to feel small but certain happiness. The programs will refresh your body and mind that might be exhausted by the persistent heat.	Hangang Moonlight Circus (Aug. 15-17 / Riverside stage in front of Sebitseom Island in Banpo Hangang Park) is another small festival that is part of the Hangang Summer Festival where visitors can enjoy eight different circus performances, including a thrilling aerialist act, a nostalgic Dongchun Circus, and a fun and emotional mime. Hangang Starlight Theater (Aug. 2-10, every Fri. and Sat. / Grass field beside Jabeolle in Ttukseom Hangang Park) will be operated for two weeks, as opposed to the three-day period of operation last year, so that people of all ages and genders can enjoy puppet shows, reed pipe performances, and shadow play.	Fifth, Hangang Night Walk 42K will be operated again this year, allowing participants to feel the wind while enjoying the nightscapes and sceneries of the Hangang River as they walk along the river all night. Additionally, three sorts of package programs for the environment will be introduced this year. If you are a bike enthusiast, take part in the Hangang Bike Tour.	Hangang Night Walk 42K (July 27 / Nogeumsu Plaza of Yeouido Hangang Park): the nations only Hangang River full-course, non-competitive walking race. Participants can choose one of the three length courses15 km, 25 km, and 42 km."
"	Hangang Bike Tour (Aug. 15 / Event plaza of Yeouido Hangang Park): a non-competitive bike ride together with 2,019 citizens and those with disabilities celebrating the 100th anniversary of March 1st Independence Movement. Lets participate in this carbon-free, stress-free activity!	Three package programs: Seoul Resource Race (Jul. 27-28 / Lower part of Jabeolle in Ttukseom Hangang Park), a race between mini cars made of waste brought from home or picked up at the Hangang area Recycled Raft Hangang Crossing (Aug. 10-11 / Music fountain in Ttukseom Hangang Park and on the river), where participants make rafts using plastic wastes and PET bottles and Refresh: Materials Transformable into Art (Aug. 3 / Grass field beside Jabeolle in Ttukseom Hangang Park), where participants can make works of art by cutting and putting together plastic straws.	Along with the five tips above, Seoul has picked Must Go 15, the best programs you should not miss during the Hangang Summer Festival:	 Hangang Water Playground  Hangang Cardboard Boat Race  Hangang Bike Tour  Jamsu Bridge Culture Party Lets Play during the National Sports Festival  Hangang Water Picnic-Water Fight Festival  Hangang Moonlight Circus  Hangang Starlight Theater  Hangang Summer Music Picnic  Hangang Film Festival Under the Bridge  Lifeplus Cinema Week 2019  Hangang Night Walk 42K  2019 Hangang Village  Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market  Hangang Date  Secondhand Bookshop Festival Under the Bridge	For all inquiries about the 2019 Hangang Summer Festival, call Dasan Seoul Call Center at +82-120."
In order to celebrate the 8th World Population Day, Seoul will be hosting a variety of cultural events, including the Child-Rearing Golden Bell Challenge for Soon-to-Be Fathers, which will be held on July 13, 2019 in the Multipurpose Hall on the 8th floor of City Hall.The World Population Day was established by the Governing Council of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) in order to promote public interest in population issues. Korea revised the Framework Act on Low Birth Rate in an Aging Society in 2011 to establish Population Day and has been holding diverse celebratory events since 2012. The Child-Rearing Golden Bell Challenge for Soon-to-Be Fathers has been held every year since 2016, when the 4th Population Day Ceremony took place, with the participation of over 500 prospective parents each year.The Child-Rearing Golden Bell Challenge for Soon-to-Be Fathers is an event where soon-to-be parents can correct misconceptions that are known as common knowledge and information surrounding child-rearing and learn correct child-rearing information by answering quizzes. In addition, these soon-to-be parents can learn more about various major child-rearing policies and projects operated by the city of Seoul.All soon-to-be parents and Seoulites can take part in the event without having to make advance reservations. Aside from the Golden Bell Challenge, there will be a vast array of programs: a ceremony for promising A Reassured Child-rearing, Together, the pregnancy experience for soon-to-be fathers, a self-check on the balance between work and life, a congratulatory performance for all participants, a prize lottery, and more.
" 	The Mayor of Seoul, Park Won-soon, who is currently on a tour of Central and South America, passed on the expertise of the Seoul-type urban renewal to Mexico City. On July 8, 2019, as the first stop on his tour itinerary, the Mayor gave a lecture on The Present and Future of Human-focused, Seoul-type Urban Renewal at the Seoul-Mexico City Sustainable City Forum held in the auditorium of the College of Architects of Mexico City (Colegio de Arquitectos de la Ciudad de Mxico).	The forum was co-organized by the Mexican Embassy in Korea and the College of Architects of Mexico City. Over 200 people, including architects from the college, government officials of Mexico City, and college students of related majors, attended and listened to the Mayors lecture.	Mexico City has actively pursued the policies for a sustainable city after the December 2018 inauguration of Claudia Sheinbaum, a mayor who had worked as an environmental activist. Recently, the local interest in Seoul-type urban renewal method has grown even more intense. 	Mayor Park Won-soon of Seoul first gave a 20-minute presentation, in which he remarked on the background of Seoul-type urban renewal, explaining that Seoul had seen the collapse of communities due to the massive urban development through full-scale demolitions during the time only growth and development were prioritized. The Mayor went on to explain that a human-focused renewal of the city was required in order to preserve Seouls history of over 1,000 years as the capital city and its multi-layered attractions.	Mayor Park then introduced the representative urban renewal cases that have been taking place in Seoul, mainly based on the participation and initiative of residents. Major examples included  Seoullo 7017, which opened after over 600 meetings and conversations with local worried and opposed residents, but is now revitalizing the nearby commercial areas having had 17 million visitors within the past two years,  Oil Tank Culture Park in Mapo, an oil tank that had been inaccessible to the general public for more than 40 years and has now turned into a culture complex,  Sewoon Shopping Center, which was once the driving force of the electronics industry during its booming years in the 1970s-80s, but has now turned into a hub for the creative manufacturing industry, housing engineering artisans, and young entrepreneurs, and  Seoul Book Bogo, the nations first public secondhand book store, which was established through a remodel of an abandoned warehouse and with the participation of 29 old, small-scale used book stores.	As he wrapped up the lecture, Mayor Park Won-soon presented three challenges for the urban renewal for the future:  independent urban renewal, where residents lead the urban renewal going beyond the limits of financial support by the public sector,  smart urban renewal, in preparation for the massive paradigm shift called the Fourth Industrial Revolution, and  eco-friendly urban renewal to prepare for the climate change. 	Mayor Park Won-soon stated, Korea is the sixth largest trading partner of Mexico. Mexico is the largest trading partner of Korea among Central and South American countries. The two countries should keep a close, strategic partnership. As the mayor of Seoul and the president of the Governors Association of Korea, I will take the lead in enhancing the exchanges between the local governments of the two countriesI expect todays Seoul-Mexico City Sustainable City Forum to serve as momentum to solidify the cooperative solidarity between the two cities in the field of urban renewal. As Mexico City has a great interest in the Seoul-type urban renewal method, we have plans to actively pass our policies onto this city."
" 	With the summer in full swing as the heat wave warnings were announced starting from July 4, 2019, the city of Seoul is strengthening special protection measures in order for vulnerable residents, including homeless individuals and dosshouse residents, to safely get through the summer.	The city of Seoul encourages people to limit performance of outdoor activities and to rest at a cooling center when the heat wave warnings are issued. Nurses are sent once a day to take care of and check on the elderly who are 65 years of age or more, the handicapped, and those who suffer from chronic illnesses in order to strengthen the prevention of accidents.	This summer, Seoul, autonomous districts, homeless individual care facilities, fire stations, and other private companies and organizations will closely collaborate to share conditions when heat wave warnings are issued, as a part of the special protection measures in preparation for the heat wave. The on-site patrol teams and visiting nurses will be performing activities in order to tackle all emergencies as quickly as possible.	 Heat Wave Watch: forecast of two or more days with the highest temperature of over 33"
"	 Heat Wave Warning: forecast of two or more days with the highest temperature of over 35 	Since June 2019, the city of Seoul has been operating 21 cooling centers where homeless individuals and dosshouse residents can seek shelter from the heat waves. From July to August, when the heat is severe, 5 cooling centers will be added to the list to make a total of 26 cooling centers.	 Cooling Centers for Homeless Individuals 	Additionally, Seoul City is operating three shower trailers at five locations, including the Express Bus Terminal, to allow homeless individuals to wash and change out of their sweaty clothes without having to use other bathing facilities.	Furthermore, in order to prevent accidents caused by the heat waves, Seoul City has selected, through advance investigation, 118 homeless individuals and 146 dosshouse residents who need special care because they are either suffering from old age or a serious illness. The city is taking extreme care of the selected individuals so as they do not faint due to the scorching heat.	During the control period, the city of Seoul will send out a special countermeasure team for homeless individuals and dosshouse residents. The team will patrol the areas in which the homeless individual population is highly concentrated and around dosshouses during the hottest hours of the day while carrying out relief activities when they discover individuals at risk, such as those who are dehydrated, by reporting to 119, bringing them to cooling centers, offering drinking water, etc.	The fire fighters of Seoul will help residents beat from the heat by spraying water from fire hydrants."
"	The city of Seoul is introducing 220 well-shaded and lush streets throughout Seoul for the summer.There are about 220 well-shaded streets in Seoul, including parks, sidewalks, riversides, streets in apartment complexes, and more. The total length of all of the streets amounts to 225 km, longer than the distance between Seoul and Pyongyang.Seoul City has categorized the 220 streets under four themes in order to double the enjoyment of visitors. These categories include,  well-shaded streets with history and culture,  well-shaded streets with wonderful nightscapes,  well-shaded streets with cool waters, and  well-shaded streets with distinctive trees. These themes will help visitors encounter well-shaded streets with diverse appeals.Unsuited ones among the streets selected in 2018 have been excluded from the list and additional five streets have been added to offer cool rest areas during the summer for Seoulites. Added to the list are  the trails of Seosomun History Park in Jung-gu that opened this year,  two sections of Gyeongui Line forest trails (sections in Yeonnam-dong and Daeheung-dong),  Changneungcheon walkway in Eunpyeong-gu, and  Dongjak-daero in Dongjak-gu.A list of the well-shaded streets of Seoul can be found on the official website at https://www.seoul.go.kr/story/summerforest, the website of Mountains and Parks of Seoul at http://parks.seoul.go.kr/park, or the Smart Seoul Map web service.	For individuals who want to walk along well-shaded, accessible streets that are full of history and culture and offer various things to enjoy and eat, Seoul City recommends Samcheong-ro, Hyoja-ro, Donhwamun-to, Jeongdong-gil, and Samcheong Park.	If you are tormented by the hot summer nights, we recommend taking a walk through the nightscapes of Seoul, viewing the moonlight that seeps through the branches of the trees. Namsan Circuit, Bugak Skyway, Seokchon Lake, and Yangjaecheon Cafe Street, and more are homes to representative nightscapes.	Enjoying the lush trees in an urban space while hearing the sounds of cool trickling water is another joy of summer. Seoul Forest and World Cup Park are places to enjoy greenery and water while playing with your children in water fountains.	If you want to feel the pleasure offered by distinctive trees, other than the familiar ginkgos and American sycamores, visit World Cup Park, Ansan Urban Nature Park, Seonam Environment Park, Taebong-ro, or Gwanak-ro."
"Seoul City will be hosting the Water Cycle Expo to introduce excellent products and new technologies related to the water cycle during the period of the 4th Seoul Water Cycle Civil Festival that will be held starting on July 25, 2019.The Water Cycle Expo is an event to exhibit water cycle-related technologies and products to encourage the development of such technologies and to raise awareness surrounding the water cycle among the general public. Through this expo, Seoul will be promoting the technologies of participating companies to local governments and water cycle-related organizations in order to offer the companies a wider scope of opportunities.	The companies that have excellent water cycle-related products and new technologies in the fields of  low impact development (LID),  water service and sewerage,  water quality and water treatment,  water-permeable blocks, and more, will participate in the Water Cycle Expo to advertise their products to Seoulites.	A total of 24 companies will exhibit their products at the expo, ten of which are participating in the event again following last years expo. An additional 14 companies have passed the document evaluation for the water industry start-up contest. At the fairground, a citizens on-site poll will be conducted for the water industry start-up contest.	The Water Cycle Expo will take place from July 25 (Thurs.) to July 27 (Sat.) at a separate venue on the east side of the Seoul Plaza. For all inquiries, call the Water Circulation Safety Bureau of Seoul at +82-2-2133-3764."
"	Take advantage of this opportunity to pick a symbolic souvenir of Seoul. Seoul will be operating online and offline polls in order to select the Citizens Favorite Award winners of the 7th Seoul Tourism Souvenir Contest.	The Citizens Favorite Award is a newly established award this year with the goal of unearthing souvenirs that reflect the preferences of the general public, including ordinary citizens and foreign tourists. The winners will be chosen based on votes by citizens and disregarding evaluations by experts.	Aside from the 49 winners out of the 182 entries that will be picked through professional screenings, a total of 10 winners (5 products, 5 images) will be selected according to the results of the citizens votes. The Citizens Favorite Award winners will receive a certificate of merit from Mayor of Seoul, as well as benefits that include the production and distribution of a catalog and sales at online and offline shops of Seouls affiliated organizations and government institutions.	To participate in the online poll, visit the city of Seouls official website from July 6 to 14, 2019 at http://news.seoul.go.kr/culture/archives/503207 and follow the instructions on the page.	The offline vote is open only to foreign tourists and will be operated on July 6, 2019 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at City Hall Station and Hongik University Station, and on July 13 from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. at Myeongdong Station.	A total of 59 winners of the 7th Seoul Tourism Souvenir Contest that have passed an evaluation performed by experts and the general public will be announced on July 17 through various channels, including the city of Seouls website."
"	Scanline VFX has opened its sixth global studio in the city of Seoul. Scanline VFX is a global innovation company that has taken part in the visual effects projects for Hollywood blockbuster films, including The Avengers, Aquaman, Terminator 6: Dark Fate, Midway,  and more.	Established in 1989, Scanline VFX is a global innovation company that has been in charge of the visual effects for more than 15 Hollywood films every year and is celebrating its 30th anniversary this year. Scanline VFX has global studios in Munich and Stuttgart, Germany Los Angeles, United States and Vancouver and Montreal, Canada. Its global studio that just opened in Seoul is the sixth.	While discussing the reason for investing in Seoul, Scanline VFXs President Stephan Trojansky remarked, With the increasing number of orders from Hollywood that we receive at our headquarters, we decided to open a global studio in Seoul after taking into account the outstanding technology and skills of Korean artists, the enthusiastic and systematic support by the city of Seoul, the Ministry of Trade, Industry and Energy, and KOTRA, and the environment of Korea and Seoul. We realized that city of Seoul was perfect for our investment.	The global studio of Scanline in Seoul will not only produce and export visual effects for Hollywood films but it will also implement the VFX R&D work force training project, in which newly employed Korean artists can learn about Scanlines cutting-edge technologies and produce visual effects based on the training.	The technologies that will be developed in Scanlines studio in Seoul will be commercialized and offered to domestic VFX companies. Seoul expects that this way, the VFX industry in Korea will advance in quality and Korean companies can supply for more demands from Hollywood.	The Seoul studio of Scanline VFX Korea will closely collaborate with other global studios to actively produce Hollywood films for years to come."
"	The smart station system, which began its pilot program in April 2018 in Gunja Station (Seoul Subway Line 5), will now be introduced to the stations along Line 2. Seoul Metro will establish smart stations at all 50 subway stops on Line 2 by March 2020, in order to integrate dispersed station management information that will be managed based on ICT. The pilot smart station in Gunja Station demonstrated that the system enhanced safety, security, and management efficiency. For example, the time taken for station patrol decreased from 28 to 10 minutes on average while the response time to unexpected situations dropped from 11 to 3 minutes on average. Based on these results, Seoul Metro decided to expand the establishment of the system.	When the smart station is introduced, integrated station management will be available in the fields of security, disaster, facilities, and customer service based on a single system, as the 3D map, IoT sensors, and advanced CCTV will all be working as one. The 3D map offers station officials a glance at the interior of the station. In case of emergency, such as a fire, the 3D map helps the officials grasp the situation more precisely and three-dimensionally for prompt response, compared to the existing planar map.	The advanced CCTV offers two-megapixel quality and is equipped with the function of object recognition so it can alert when there is a fire in the station or a trespasser in a restricted zone in real time. As the advanced CCTV depicts the inside of the subway station in a three-dimensional way, it offers a virtual patrol on CCTV screens that display each location. The 3D map of Gunja Station where it is possible to check the location of CCTVs, lighting fixtures, air quality sensors, firefighting equipment, and more.	Seoul Metro will introduce smart stations to subway stops along Line 2 by improving existing integrated monitoring systems. Additionally, the functions of the smart station established in Gunja Station will be enhanced. Major improvements will include services for vulnerable and weak subway users, such as automatic detection of wheelchairs that will notify station officials, and launching a mobile service in order to allow the station officials to monitor the station in locations other than the station office."
"	Seoul City will be operating waterparks in 50 different parks and plazas in 17 districts from July to August, in order to offer residents an opportunity to enjoy playing in the water with their children to endure the scorching heat that will come right after the rainy season.	The hours of operation will differ depending on the place, however from about 10:00 a.m.-12 p.m. to 5:00 p.m.-6:00 p.m. guests will be allowed to enter free of charge.	All the facilities have safety guards, separate shower stalls, and fitting rooms, except the waterscape facilities made for playing in the water. Water quality control is conducted every day for preventing the spread of summer diseases. For healthy use of the waterpark facilities, visitors are required to wear a swimming cap and goggles, as well as to take a shower after playing in the water for personal sanitation.	Some places are operated with flexible hours according to weather, facility checks, and other conditions so it is imperative to check whether or not the facility is open before visiting. In addition to the waterparks, the city of Seoul will also be operating summer festivals and programs, such as water gun games.	When the tropical nights arrive, visit Jungnang Camping Forest, World Cup Park, and Oil Tank Culture Park, where visitors can watch movies while enjoying the cool evening breeze.	Jungnang Camping Forest will be operating the Family Cinema from August 8 to 10, where families can enjoy watching movies and listening to music together. At World Cup Park on Fridays and Saturdays between August 2 and 10, visitors can watch movies at 8 p.m. Oil Tank Culture Park will be operating the Forest Theater at from August 9 to 11 8 p.m. at T2 Outdoor Stage.	Namsan Park and Jungnang Camping Forest will be running Evening Exploration, a program for searching for nocturnal insects. Gyenam Neighborhood Park in Yangcheon-gu and Seoseoul Lake Park will be running Evening Forest Walking for family participants.	For more information and to apply for participation, visit Mountains and Parks of Seoul at http://parks.seoul.go.kr (service available in Korea). For other inquiries, call the contact number of each program."
"	For two months, from July to August on Wednesdays and Saturdays, Baek In-jes House located in Bukchon will be opening at night. Tourists from Korea and from all around the world who find it inconvenient to visit the place due to the scorching heat will be offered free entrance until 9 p.m. The last entrance is at 8:30 p.m.	The evening opening of the Baek In-jes House is a special event operated during the summer season to keep visitors entertained with a night view of hanok (traditional Korean house). Visitors can stroll freely around the house, enchanted by its beautiful sceneries. On days that the house opens at night, a guided tour is available at 7 p.m. (six times on Wednesdays: 10, 11 a.m. and 2, 3, 7 p.m. with a Japanese session at 4 p.m. / five times on Saturdays: 11 a.m. and 2, 3, 4, 7 p.m.) offering the audience who missed the daytime tours of the house an opportunity to peek inside the house with an accompanying tour guide.	To enjoy a guided tour of Baek In-jes House free of charge, please make a reservation at Seoul Public Reservation (http://yeyak.seoul.go.kr) (service available in Korean). Additionally, there will be a small photo event that offers a souvenir (five postcards with the pictures of the house) to visitors that take photos in the photo zone of Baek In-jes House.	Baek In-jes House is a modern hanok built in 1913, designated as the citys Folklore Heritage No. 22. The city of Seoul purchased the house from Baeks clan in 2009 and restored an image of domestic life from the olden days before opening it to the public in November 2015.	 Location: 16, Bukchon-ro 7-gil, Jongno-gu (Gahoe-dong)"
"	 Hours of Operation: Tuesday-Sunday, 09:00-18:00"
"	 Wednesday & Saturday, 09:00-21:00 (July-August), guided tour available at 19:00"
"	 Closed: January 1, every Monday (open on other national holidays)"
"	 Audience Capacity: 15 per guided session, 100 per free viewing"
	 Entrance fee: Free
	 Reservation: Seoul Public Reservation service (http://yeyak.seoul.go.kr)
"	Seoul City will be hosting the China Investment Week event in October 2019, with the participation of Chinese investors. The event aims to support competitive start-ups and SMEs located in Seoul attract investments from Chinese investors and prepare for entering the Chinese market in the future.	Holding the 4th anniversary, the China Investment Week is a project run by Seoul City to match Seouls companies with investors from China, promoting investments in the companies and supporting their entrance into the Chinese market. From 2016 to 2018, a total of 13 MOU agreements between companies in Seoul and Chinese investors were signed to promise investments.	This year, the China Investment Week is set to take place in Seoul. Seoul City is recruiting 20 companies to participate in the event that will be held for two days from October 17 to 18 at The Westin Chosun Seoul, and application will be accepted until July 16, 2019.	Start-ups and SMEs located in Seoul that are related to ICT/SW, IoT, energy, content convergence, and platform are eligible for application, as well as those related to an industry with high growth potential and contribution to economic growth, an industry that can play a pivotal role in local innovation, and a location-specific industry focusing on technology and knowledge.	To apply to participate in the event, send the application form to Prain Global, a recruitment agency, at sciw2019@prain.com, or visit http://naver.me/5UjgIMbj.	Two rounds of objective and fair screening will be conducted for the selection of participating companies and those who pass the final screening will be announced on the official website of Seoul City on July 22. Seoul City will actively support foreign investment attraction for competitive companies in Seoul by selecting participating companies to reflect the investment demand of Chinese investors and finding investors who would be interested in the selected companies.	Seoul City will provide the selected participating companies with professional consulting services, including systematic one-to-one consultation and investment proposal writing, for three months from July to October by employing an expert consulting company, aspiring to lead to investment attractions during China Investment Week in October 2019.	In October, more than 20 Chinese investing institutions that will have expressed their intention to invest will be invited to Seoul Investment Briefing, Demo Day for Participating Companies, and one-to-one investment consulting session between participating companies and investors.	What is remarkable in this years invitation plan is the fact that Chinese accelerators in the field of innovative technology start-ups, as well as online and offline media corporations, are included in the list of invitation. Seoul City is expected to see the start-ups and SMEs located in Seoul collaborate not only with Chinese investors but also with accelerators to create opportunities to join the Chinese market.	In addition, Seoul City will expand the contact surface between the companies operating in Seoul and Chinese investors by providing Chinese investors with Fam Tour, where they can be introduced to Seouls new growth industry clusters such as Seoul Startup Hub and Seoul Bio Hub, which Seoul has been focusing its efforts to develop this year."
"	The 100th National Sports Festival and 39th National Para Games (hereinafter National Sports Festival) will be held in October 2019 in Seoul, with 100 days to left until the D-Day. Seoul City plans to make the National Sports Festival as a venue where the entire country will be brought together by pursuing an Olympic-scale torch relay, spanning 17 municipalities and provinces, for the first time since the beginning of the festival. 1,100 people from all parts of society will participate as torchbearers, running a total of 2,019km.On September 22, 2019, torches will be lit at diverse symbolic places throughout Korea: Dokdo (6 a.m.), the place of the earliest sunrise in the nation, Manisan Mountain (10 a.m.), the official place to light a torch designated by Korean Sport & Olympic Committee, Panmunjeom (2 p.m.), which sends out the message of peace and unification, and Marado Island (6 p.m.), the place of the latest sunset in the country. Starting on the same day, the torches will be traveling 25 autonomous districts of Seoul, along with the torch of the National Para Games lit at the World Peace Gate of Olympic Park.Seoul City has announced the In-depth Planning Status of the National Sports Festival where the details above are included. Seoul is in the process of systematically preparing to make the event a source of joy for the general public and a chance to connect the history with the future, aiming towards creating a Peaceful, Collaborative, Inspiring Festival.The five main areas of focus that Seoul is investing in are:  The 100th anniversary that connects the history with the future,  participatory festival with the participation of citizens,  an inspiring festival of hospitality for the happiness of all citizens,  Inducing the participation and empathy of the general public with intense online and offline promotion, and  Securing and remodeling stadiums with the goal of an economic festival.   First, in order to make the National Sports Festival an event to unify the nation while connecting 100 years of the past to the future, the torch relay will be held throughout 17 municipalities and provinces and 25 autonomous districts of Seoul, spanning 2,019 km, for the first time since its beginning. A total of 1,100 people from all parts of society, including Seoul residents, sports stars, descendants of Korean independence fighters and more will participate.Second, the National Sports Festival will be hosted with the participation of regular citizens. A total of 7,777 volunteers, the largest in scale since the beginning of the festival, will work for the festival and the recruitment of 10,000 citizen supporters, who will be responsible for watching and cheering for matches, promoting the event and holding the guest-welcoming campaign, is currently being held. During the National Sports Festival, a Foreign Residents Sports Festival will be held as an extra event where foreigners living in Korea and multicultural families will participate.Third, the National Sports Festival will be inspiring for the whole country as it will welcome guests with an open heart. For swift transportation of over 39,000 players, a total of 3,714 vehicles, including buses, rental cars, and automobiles will be provided and reservations for 510 rooms in 15 hotels located in Jung-gu were made for 1,111 overseas Korean players from 15 countries.Fourth, Seoul City will take out fierce online and offline advertisement for the festival as well. The ICT Experience Center of the National Sports Festival, where visitors can experience the sports events of the National Sports Festival thanks to the ICT technologies, such as VR and AI, will be in operation at Jamsil Sports Complex in October.Fifth, the National Sports Festival will take place at 84 existing stadiums in Seoul and other cities and provinces, including Jangchung Arena, Jamsil Students Gymnasium, and Olympic Gymnastics Arena, instead of building new stadiums, aiming to hold an economic festival. Safety inspection of facilities will be conducted twice between June and August by external specialists and related institutions in order to offer an environment where visitors can relax and enjoy their visit."
The third Seoul Youth Job&Work Experience Center is set to be launched by Seoul City in Hagye-dong, Nowon-gu. It has facilities to support adolescents in experiencing diverse jobs and to provide career education in preparation for the age of the fourth industrial revolution.Begun in November 2017, the construction was completed in April 2019, and a total project cost of KRW 9,968 million was injected for the establishment of the Center. After detailed programs for its operation came into place, the innovative space envisioning the future has been settled in the northeastern part of Seoul, a region relatively lacking in infrastructure.In particular, at the Nowon Youth Job&Work Experience Center, career education is available based on cutting-edge industry culture, including AI and IoT, which are at the core of the fourth industrial revolution. The background concept is to create an innovative space visualizing the future, where adolescents can be inspired to incubate creative ideas.In addition, the Center will play the role of a platform where adolescents will not only experience jobs but also find employment thanks to the collaborative network between academia, industry, and the government, as well as the local community. In collaboration with the Division of Robotics of Kwangwoon University, which is in charge of consignment management of the Center, areas for experiencing self-driving motorcycles and wearable robots have been secured.In its first year of opening, the Center will run 18 programs in three fields, including  Future Jobs (Design Convergence, Experiencing Devices Related to the Fourth Industrial Revolution),  Support for Single-person Media Startups,  Future Craft Workshop,  Meister Academy, and more, helping participants explore career paths in preparation for future industries.B1 (3D scanning)2F (Digital drawing)3F (UAV lecture room)
"	Seoul City opens its outdoor swimming pools at Ttukseom, Gwangnaru, Jamsil, Jamwon, and Yeouido and water parks at Yanghwa and Nanji from June 28 to August 25, 2019. The outdoor swimming pool at Mangwon will be closed due to construction for improvement of northern extremity of Seongsan Bridges.The Hangang swimming pools and water parks have been beloved by Seoul residents as they are located at the heart of the city, offering the view of the river, enabling visitors to enjoy playing in water at a low price.This year, as the repairs of the facilities are completed, including the floor of the swimming pool, wall painting, filters, and showers, a more ameliorated and safe environment is available. Seoul City has also improved the convenience of users by changing the rental toilets in order to fundamentally tackle the sanitation issues.The opening hours are from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. every day, and all visitors are required to wear swimming caps to help guarantee clean water quality and prevent inconvenience of other users.	Swimming pools are divided according to age groups, including separate pools for adults, teenagers, children, and toddlers to ensure the safety of pool visitors. They are equipped with a variety of supplementary facilities as well, such as shower facilities, snack bars, and air bounce inflatables.Entrance fees for pool facilities are KRW 5,000 for adults, KRW 4,000 for teenagers, and KRW 3,000 for children, while the water park is available for a fee of KRW 3,000 for adults, KRW 2,000 for teenagers and KRW 1,000 for children, while children under six years of age are permitted free entrance. Presenting parking tickets at facility entrances also earns visitors a 50% off discount from entrance fees.Zero Pay users can receive a 10% discount but multiple discounts are not permitted. The discount for Zero Pay users is available at outdoor swimming pools at Jamsil, Jamwon, Yeouido and water parks at Yanghwa and Nanji, with the exception of outdoor swimming pools at Ttukseom and Gwangnaru."
"	The city of Seoul will be launching a Food Truck Street at Namdaemun Market, a destination that attracts not only residents but also tourists from around the world. Seoul has plans to make the place accommodating to night-time visitors who want to shop and eat.	The Namdaemun Food Truck Street will be in operation from June 26 to the end of October, 2019, in Namdaemun 3GO Night Market. The Food Truck Street will be established along the 130-meter street from Mesa Shopping Mall to Samick Fashion Town in Namdaemun Market. From 8 p.m. to 12 a.m. every day, 13 food trucks will be offering foods from various countries for the enjoyment of anyone of any age. Other than the food trucks, the Namdaemun 3GO Night Market will be offering permanent outdoor performances and a flea market where handicrafts and the products of social enterprises will be sold.	The Food Truck Street, which has been held by the city of Seoul since 2017, is a project operated in order to provide residents with enjoyment and food truck owners with a stable location in which to operate their businesses. Particularly, as most food truck owners are of the younger generation, the project also contributes to helping younger people find employment. In 2017, the Food Truck Street was operated near Gangnam Station (Seocho-gu), at the Agriculture & Fishery Market (Mapo-gu), and around Doksan Station (Geumcheon-gu). In 2017, the Food Truck Street was operated near Inwang Market (Seodaemun-gu) and at the confluence of Hangang River and Tancheon Stream (Gangnam-gu).	Through an agreement between the autonomous districts, the 2019 Food Truck Street will be operated around the Childrens Clothes Street at Namdaemun Market (Jung-gu) and again at the confluence of Hangang River and Tancheon Stream (Gangnam-gu). The city of Seoul selected among venues with high pedestrian traffic and high accessibility with nearby public transportation, and secured spaces where a number of trucks can operate their businesses, so that the event can take place not temporarily but permanently, on a long term basis.	Besides, the city of Seoul is providing start-up education that encompasses every step of starting a business in order to activate the food truck business. The city also offers tailored consultation by experts that reflects the on-site business characteristics and supporting funds for start-ups to those who completed the education. For more detailed information, contact Seoul Small Business Development Center."
"	The Seoul Comprehensive MICE Industry Support Center will open as the first of its kind by a local government in order to strengthen the competitiveness of MICE businesses in Seoul and to establish a stable environment for their management. Launched by the city of Seoul and Seoul Tourism Organization, the Seoul Comprehensive MICE Industry Support Center will offer comprehensive consultation in the field of MICE (meetings, incentives, conventions, and exhibitions).	As a leading player in the MICE market, Seoul was ranked third as the city hosting international conferences for three consecutive years. Seoul is aiming to become the worlds top nation in the field of MICE.	In order to create an atmosphere that fits the status of the MICE industry of Seoul, the city is establishing the Seoul Comprehensive MICE Industry Support Center to provide professional consultation services regarding major management issues. Beneficiaries will be small- and medium-sized MICE businesses (with sales under KRW 1 billion), which occupy 85 percent of the whole industry. Such businesses will receive advice from experts on total management issues, such as law, accounting, tax affairs, human resource affairs, and labor.	From application all the way through the completion of the consultation, every step will be conducted as a one-stop shop. The call center at the Seoul Comprehensive MICE Industry Support Center on the 8th floor of the Seoul Tourism Organization will analyze the applications of consultation requests from different companies to match them with appropriate experts of each domain. The difficulties the companies face will be tackled aggressively by comprehensive consultation, including the advisory session at the center and a visit to the company by a consultant.	The consultation for different fields are provided on different days (Monday: labor, Wednesday: taxation, Friday: law) and the consultant in each field stays from 1 p.m. to 5 p.m. at the center. For more information on consultation and reservations, contact the Seoul Comprehensive MICE Industry Support Center at +82-2-2278-9933."
"	The 16th Seoul IT Challenge for the Disabled, which is sponsored by the city of Seoul and LG Electronics and organized and supervised by Seoul Society for Rehabilitation of Persons with Disabilities, will be held on June 29, 2019 at Dongguk University.	Celebrating its 16th anniversary this year, the Seoul IT Challenge for the Disabled is a project operated to promote social union and to prevent the social alienation of people with disabilities due to a gap the utilization of information technologies. For the past 15 years, from 2004 to 2018, a total of 1,557 handicapped adolescents, young adults, and middle-aged individuals have taken part in the fierce competition.	The Seoul IT Challenge for the Disabled is comprised of three categories, e-Life (information search) Challenge, e-Tool (Excel and Powerpoint) Challenge, and e-Sports (Kart Rider) Challenge. 27 individuals will receive awards.	Each grand prize winner (one adolescent, one young adult, and one middle-aged individual) will receive the Seoul Mayors Award and an additional prize, LG smartphone (G8). 	The awardees will be qualified to apply for GITC (Global IT Challenge for Youth with Disabilities) that will take place on November 25, 2019, in Busan.	For more information on the event, check out the notice on the website of Seoul Society for Rehabilitation of Persons with Disabilities (http://www.ssrpd.or.kr). Contact the Society if you have any inquiry on the competition at +82-70-4335-1499."
"	On June 30, 2019, Foreign Residents Day with FC Seoul, organized by the city of Seoul, Seoul Global Center, and FC Seoul, will be held at Seoul World Cup Stadium.	Celebrating its 10th anniversary, Expats Day allows participants to enjoy not only a match between FC Seoul and Ulsan Hyundai but also various additional events, including a global concert and a world culture tour. The events will take place starting at 4 p.m. at the Seoul World Cup Stadium and in the north square outside of the stadium.	Over 1,000 multicultural family members who are living in Seoul will be invited to watch the match, free of charge. The application to be invited can be made at a nearby Multicultural Family Support Center, Global Village Center, Global Center, or Global Migrant Workers Center or by contacting Seoul Global Center at +82-2-2075-4180	Any foreign resident can buy a ticket and cool beverage at the price of KRW 10,000 at the stadium. For more information about purchasing a ticket, visit the FC Seoul website (http://www.fcseoul.com).	Starting at 4 p.m., before the match, there will be additional events, including  a global concert with performances by three groups  Honey, a foreign jazz band that will fill the summer night with romantic melodies FAME, a dance group that will perform traditional dances of Russia, Belarus, Ukraine, and more and TIA Taekwondo Performance Team that will show traditional Taekwondo postures and kicks with the participation of audience, and  a world culture tour, where Korean and foreign residents will have the opportunity to enjoy various cultures.	 Title: 10th Expats Day with FC Seoul"
"	 Date & Time: June 30, 2019, 16:00  21:00"
	 Venue: Seoul World Cup Stadium and North Square (additional events)
	 Schedule (draft)
"	The city of Seoul selected seven winners of the 2019 Seoul Childrens Grand Park Video Contest. The contest was conducted in order to spark citizens interest in the Seoul Childrens Grand Park in Neung-dong, Gwangjin-gu, by having them film footage of the beautiful landscapes and views at the park.	The grand prize was given to Childrens Grand Park with High Values and More Fun by Sinbakhajin, a team comprised of four Induk University students. The judges commented that the video successfully introduces the warm values of Seoul Childrens Grand Park that can be enjoyed by the general public. 	The first excellence prize winner was Lets Go to the Childrens Grand Park by Maybe, a team consisting of high school students who made the footage in the form of a music video with a self-written, lively, sweet song playing in the background. The second excellence prize winner was How Much of the Childrens Grand Park Have You Seen? by Haams Film, which highlighted the appealing ins and outs of the park.	One grand prize, two excellence prizes, and four merit prizes were offered to awardees. All winners will receive a certificate of merit and prize money  KRW 1,000,000 will be awarded to the grand prize winner, KRW 500,000 will be awarded to the excellence prize winners, and KRW 200,000 will be awarded to the merit prize winners.	To view the videos that received prizes, click the link of the Seoul Facilities Corporation below:"
http://www.sisul.or.kr/open_content/publicity/bbs/bbsMsgDetail.do?msg_seq=477&bcd=community
The Seoul Foundation for Arts and Culture announced the results of 2018 Factual Survey on Cultural Enjoyment of Seouls Citizens, which was conducted on a sample of 6,334 Seoulites. The Factual Survey on Cultural Enjoyment of Seouls Citizens has been carried out biennially since 2014 to use the level of cultural activities and the changing trends among the residents of Seoul as the basis for creating cultural policies.The survey was held from the end of October to the beginning of November in 2018, with the participation of 6,334 individuals. 2,545 individuals who are living in Seoul and 3,789 individuals who are interested in culture and members of culture-related institutions in Seoul responded to the questionnaire.The survey results demonstrated that a citizen of Seoul spends about KRW 120,000 per year on average to attend cultural events about six to seven times per year on average. The age group with the highest cultural activity participation rate was composed of individuals in their 50s (men: 77%, women: 88.5%). The cultural activity participation rate of baby boomers was higher than that of those in their 20s (men: 66.3%, women: 66%).The Seoul Foundation for Arts and Culture analyzed the results of the survey with five keywords:  generation change,  cultural consumption,  unbalanced cultural diet,  small but certain satisfaction with culture, and  culture in the sphere of life.The cultural activity participation rate of those in their 50s and 60s who responded to the survey was over 70 percent (men: 77%, women: 88.5%), which was higher than that of those in their 20s (men: 66.9%, women: 66%). The cultural event occasion of attendance per year on average was 6.7 for both those in their 20s and 50s, which demonstrates that those in their 50s and 60s are attending more cultural activities than before. Unlike the older generations in the past, baby boomers (those in their 50s and 60s) who are actively participating in social activities are also becoming culture consumers. This trend has been becoming more and more remarkable since 2016.When looking into the scale of expenses spent on cultural activities per year on average, men in their 30s spent the most at KRW 173,000, and their cultural event occasion of attendance was 7.6, the highest among all. However, the yearly expense for cultural activities and cultural event occasion of attendance differed greatly according to ones life stage.On the other hand, those who attend events alone increased in every age group, demonstrating that the number of people who enjoy culture alone has risen in line with the social trend of people tending to enjoy eating and drinking alone.Based on the respondents experiences in the preceding year, 40 percent answered that they were willing to pay for another performance or exhibition after they had attended a cultural event free of charge, and 20.4 percent experienced another genre of cultural event after they had experienced a certain genre of art and culture. This demonstrates that the attendees first experience is a very important factor in terms of an increase their attendance to cultural events.The satisfaction rates on the cultural environment of the city of Seoul and on the surroundings of where the respondents live were respectively 3.21 and 2.98, the latter being slightly lower than the former. The reason for the difference may be based on the different sizes of cultural environments of each residential area.The Seoul Foundation for Arts and Culture will issue the 2018 Factual Survey on Cultural Enjoyment of Seouls Citizens, through which anyone can browse to learn about the overall level of Seoulites cultural activities and satisfaction rates, based on the survey results. The 2018 Factual Survey on Cultural Enjoyment of Seouls Citizens will be uploaded on the official website (https://www.sfac.or.kr/index.do) offering access to the general public.
The city of Seoul has established the worlds first Self-Driving Car Test Bed Running on a 5G Network, in Sangam-dong, Mapo-gu, Seoul, as part of the C-ITS demonstration project being pursued together with the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport. The city will open the Seoul Future Mobility Center, the control center for autonomous driving, on June 22, 2019.The Self-Driving Test Bed in Sangam-dong is equipped with facilities, including the C-ITS infrastructure that supports the autonomous urban driving*, a precise road map platform, an electronic vehicle charging station, and more. It is a space that demonstrates various future mobility, including Koreas advanced 5G convergence autonomous driving, and will be open to the public, free of charge, 24/7.
* The existing autonomous driving test bed in Korea is in K-City in Hwaseong, Gyeonggi-do, where a real road environment is reproduced in an enclosed space to test the autonomous driving and certify vehicles.In celebration of this occasion, Seoul will host the Sangam Self-Driving Festival, together with the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport and the Ministry of Science and ICT.Celebrating the 110th anniversary of using automobiles and telephones in Korea, the festival will become a historic event in which the autonomous, 5G-connected car, representing the future mobility and the first-ever commercialization of 5G technology, drives on roads of Sangam in downtown Seoul.Citizens who visit the event venue can ride the autonomous vehicles and appease any curiosity surrounding the future of transportation by attending various exhibits about the principles of autonomous cars.With the theme, The Future of Transportation Connected to 5G, Sangam Self-Driving Festival offers the nations largest experience of future transportation, with the participation of 17 institutions, including the companies related to the autonomous driving such as SK Telecom, KT, Samsung, LG, Unmanned Solution, Yonsei University and Kookmin University.A total of seven self-driving buses (4) and cars (3) will take passengers on a journey along the 1.1-km section of World Cup buk-ro while presenting to citizens a variety of autonomous driving technologies, such as 5G-based signal recognition and avoidance of broken-down cars.The festival will also be the venue for displaying various technologies, including the remote control of 5G autonomous vehicles, UAVs, and electronic cars, offering visitors a glimpse into the life-changing, future mobility technologies.In order to host a safe event, Seoul will block six out of eight lanes from Digital Media City Sageori, World Cup buk-ro to World Cup Park 6 Sageori on June 22 from 5 a.m. to 5 p.m. A few (one or two) lanes between World Cup Park 2 Sageori  World Cup Park 4 Sageori  Digital Media City Sageori will also be blocked from 5 a.m. to 11 a.m. Festival Overview
 Title: Sangam Self-Driving Festival (Theme: The Future of Transportation Connected to 5G)
 Date: June 21-22
 (Forum) June 21 (Fri.), 2 p.m.-5 p.m. (Multipurpose Hall, B1, S-Plex Center)
 (Main Event) June 22 (Sat.), 10 a.m.-5 p.m. (Sangam World Cup buk-ro, in front of Sangam Cultural Square, etc.) Program Summary
The city of Seoul will be hosting the hour-long Cheonggyecheon Aquatic Fashion Show at 8 pm on June 22, 2019. The fashion show will take place on the Cheonggyecheon Stream Floating Stage near the Dongdaemun Fashion Town, with the participation of designers and models from the Seoul 365 Fashion Show.The show will be held under the theme, Fashion and Culture in Bloom, presenting the runway with garments designed by renowned designers, such as J CHOI and Man. G, worn by professional models from the Seoul 365 Fashion Show who have been selected through the New Deal Job Opportunity Project being operated by Seoul.Jazz and electric violin performances by Kim Jung-kwan Trio and Violin Player 440 will be accompanying the fashion show on the stage. Both groups will be taking part in 2019 Seoul Street Performance held by Seoul and are expected to capture the eyes and ears of the audience.The Cheonggyecheon Aquatic Fashion Show has been operated since 2008 with the purpose of making the Dongdaemun Fashion Town and its surroundings a fashion landmark.The 2019 Cheonggyecheon Aquatic Fashion Show will be held four times until October with the themes, Youth/Culture/Dreams/Passion in Bloom. The Youth in Bloom show was held on May 25. Additionally, from 6 to 6:30 p.m. every Saturday, the Seoul 365 Street Fashion Show opens on the floating stage of Cheonggyecheon Stream, where the audience can enjoy watching models strut down the runway sporting garments designed by rising designers.<Outline of Event>
 Title: Cheonggyeocheon Aquatic Fashion Show  Seoul 365 Fashion Show, Culture in Bloom
 Purpose: To provide the residents who visit Cheonggyecheon Stream with the opportunity to enjoy culture by presenting attire designed by famous designers worn by professional models and staging various cultural performances, in collaboration with Seoul 365 Fashion Show
 Date & Time: 8 p.m.-9 p.m., June 22, 2019 (Sat.)
 Venue: Floating stage under the Ogansugyo Bridge over Cheonggyecheon Stream (near Dongdaemun Fashion Town)
 Models: Those hired for the Seoul 365 Fashion Show (36 models)
 Programs: Cultural performances (jazz, electric violin), fashion shows with garments designed by J CHOI and Man. G
 Schedule may be subject to change in case of bad weather
"	Seoul will be operating the Seoul Public Library Zone at the 25th Seoul International Book Fair 2019, the largest book fair in South Korea, that will be held from June 19 to 23 at COEX, Samseong-dong, Gangnam-gu.The Seoul Public Library Zone 2019 will be operated under the slogan, Go to the Book Fair and Meet Libraries. Public libraries in Seoul that applied to participate, including Seoul Library, the libraries run by each district, the Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education Consolidated Library, and more, will all gather in the same place for this event.The Seoul Public Library Zone will offer a variety of events, including an exhibition, participatory programs, and a conference, to allow visitors a peak into everything about Seouls public libraries. First, the exhibition will consist of three parts: (1) Reading the History of Libraries in Seoul, (2) A Deep Look into the Cultural Programs Held at Libraries, and (3) Finding Your Own Way at a Library. The exhibition will allow visitors to browse the past, present, and future of public libraries in Seoul.Special programs that connect the exhibition with visitors experiences will demonstrate the characteristics and personalities of each public library. The participatory programs planned by the different libraries will show visitors that libraries are not just places from which to borrow books, but they are also cultural spaces that can be fun for the whole family.On June 22, 2019, specialists of various fields from libraries, publishing companies, book shops, and reading clubs will gather to take part in the conference entitled, Looking for Ways to Revitalize the Reading Culture & Ecosystem with a Focus on Reading and Book Clubs. The conference will take place at the Event Hall 1, a separate venue prepared in Hall A.For more information on the detailed schedule of the Seoul Public Library Zone of SIBF 2019 and how to apply for participation, go to the Seoul Librarys official blog (http://blog.naver.com/seoul_library). For other inquiries, call Seoul Library at  +82-2-2133-0213."
"	Seouls Pavement EXPO 2019 will be held from June 19 to 21 at Seoul Plaza and Seoul City Hall (at the conference hall on 8F). The EXPO will be a venue for experts from pavement companies, both domestic and international, that utilize pioneering technologies, to have discussions with the residents of Seoul on functional pavement and the pedestrian policies of the city.	The New Pavement Exhibition held for three days in the west part of the Seoul Plaza will allow visitors to observe and experience excellent blocks with high durability, water permeability, and aesthetic impressions, as well as curbs, side gutters, manhole covers, and others.	The Pavement Symposium will be held on the second day of the EXPO. Environment specialists, block manufacturers, and research institutes will gather to discuss the introduction of the air purifying blocks using photocatalysis, a technology for reducing levels of particulate matter.	Additional events include the Demonstration of the Effect of Air Purifying Blocks to reduce levels of particulate matter and the Exhibition and Demonstration of the Pore Recovery Device for Water Permeable Blocks held in front of the Seoul Library.	The Block Playground and Photo Exhibition of Pavement will take place in the east part of the Seoul Plaza. More information, such as the directory, is available on the official website of Seoul Pavement EXPO 2019 (http://www.seoul.go.kr/2019blockexpo). For inquiries, contact the Management Office at  +82-2-6012-6015 or via e-mail (2019blockexpo@orangeocean.co.kr)"
The festival that gathers cartoon and animation enthusiasts from all around the world is just on the horizon. Seoul will be holding the Seoul Promotion Plan (SPP), Seoul International Cartoon & Animation Festival (SICAF), and Seoul International Imagination Industry (Si3) this year from July 15 to 21. Seoul International Cartoon & Animation Festival (SICAF) 2019: July 17 to 21
Held for the first time in 1995 as a small-scale animation screening, the Seoul International Cartoon & Animation Festival (SICAF) is celebrating its 23rd anniversary this year. As one of the five largest animation festivals in the world, SICAF has become the largest international animation festival in Asia.SICAF 2019 will take place from July 17 to 21 at Hall A4 and Megabox in COEX under the theme, Innovative Change. A total of 2,565 pieces of work from 93 countries were submitted to SICAF 2019 and among those, 103 pieces from 28 countries that demonstrate diversity and artistry have been selected to be presented during the festival period.Cartoon and animation exhibitions will also be held, consisting of a special exhibition, planned exhibition, and invitational exhibition. Additionally, a variety of exciting contents will be provided at a talk show with webtoon artists, costume play performances, and display booths hosted by animation-related organizations and companies.At the festival, other programs and events will be held for the enjoyment of animation enthusiasts, families, and those who love culture and arts, including Master Class, where attendees can learn about the expertise of master artists who are actively making animations, Dubbing Artists Day and Sing Along for animation fans, and more. Tickets can be reserved on Naver or Interpark and films will be screened at Megabox, COEX. Seoul Promotion Plan (SPP): July 15 to 17
Seoul Promotion Plan (SPP), the largest animation and webtoon market in Asia, will be held from July 15 to 17 at Millennium Seoul Hilton.SPP is comprised of  Biz-matching, where investment is encouraged through the matching of buyers to sellers,  Asia New Direction, where representative Asian media companies discuss the development of the animation industry and the vitalization of business in Asia,  Conference, where the latest content trends are shared, and  Ignite, a business presentation by the media and production companies of South Korea.In particular, large-sized global buyers, such as Netflix, Disney, and Youku, will partake in the Biz-matching event at SPP, offering business consultation with Korean content companies. Seoul International Imagination Industry (Si3): July 19 to 20
Only July 19 and 20 at DDP, the Seoul International Imagination Industry (Si3) will be the largest meeting place in Asia that encompasses the industrial, artistic, technological aspects of cartoons, webtoons, and animation, envisioning the present and the future of content industry.The event will be held with the theme, The Age of Discovery: Engagement for the New Renaissance, with keynote speeches by Dan Sarto, the co-founder of Animation World Network, and Ken Anjyo, the executive director of OLM Digital, the company in charge of the computer graphics for Pokemon and Yo-kai Watch.The forum will be host to 20 speakers and lecturers from eight companies, including Korean and foreign artists (animators and creators of Disney Pixar, etc.), directors, professors, and businessmen and women. Additionally, a variety of events will be held, including the professional workshop and academy for hands-on workers and specialists in the field.In addition, there will be an event that will allow participants to listen to the background story of the production of The Dam Keeper, the animation that has attracted attention from world famous film festivals and media outlets, such as Academy and CNN.
The city of Seoul completed raising KRW 50 billion of the Fourth Industrial Revolution Fund (duration: eight years, investment: four years) for startups that are related to the Fourth Industrial Revolution. The scale of the fund exceeded the initial goal by 200 percent and Seoul will start making investments in promising startups, business ventures, and small businesses in the first half of this year.Seoul is raising money from 2018 to 2022 for the Seoul Innovative Growth Fund that will amount to KRW 1.2 trillion in order to help startups overcome Death Valley. The Fourth Industrial Revolution Fund is one of the seven subcategories.The Fourth Industrial Revolution Fund will be invested in startups worth KRW 200-1,000 million (in the stage of Series A). More than 80 percent of the KRW 50 billion will be devoted to companies related to the Fourth Industrial Revolution and over KRW 26 billion will be invested in so-called ICT DNA businesses in the field of 5G, AI, blockchain, big data, etc. At least KRW 10 billion will be invested in small businesses or business ventures located in Seoul that are in fields related to the fourth industrial revolution.The amount invested by Seoul is KRW 2 billion, which maximizes the leverage effect with a total capital amount of KRW 50 billion that can attract investments by K-Growth and other private areas.Currently, Seouls initial investment in each startup amounts to USD 107,000, which is roughly a third of the global average of USD 284,000. Thus, the city has plans to take the lead in supporting the growth of innovative business ventures by actively raising funds to support their initial development through investment in promising businesses.According to the trend of investment in business ventures in 2018 announced by the Ministry of SMEs and Startups, the scale of South Koreas business venture investment is constantly growing. However, the total sum of Seouls initial investment is USD 85 million. Compared to the amount invested by cities in other countries, this amount is equivalent to 10 percent of the global average (USD 837 million)*. The investment per business and the total sum are necessary for continuous expansion.
* Source: Startup Genome, Global Startup Ecosystem Report 2019Out of seven subcategories of the Seoul Innovative Growth Fund, the Cultural Contents Fund has reached a total of KRW 40 billion, exceeding the original goal of KRW 15 billion by 267 percent. Investments began in March during which the first company received such an investment.Additionally, active investment is underway in the fields of animation, culture & webtoons, games, characters, VR/AR, AI, holograms, AD Tech, and more.
The city of Seoul has selected 45 safe and excellent public facilities, including benches and fences, that harmonize well with the urban landscape, as items qualified for the 22nd Seoul Good Public Design. The selected items will be allowed to use the certification mark and be provided with promotion support.The plan for the 22nd Seoul Good Public Design selection was announced in February 2019 and 97 items were submitted on the website for which document screening, examination, and on-site investigations were conducted. Finally, 45 items were selected.Among selected items were 21 pedestrian railings, seven bike lane fences, five benches, four bridge railings, three bollards, and two street tree protective coversall designed for safety and convenience. This time, the ratio of successful applicants was 46.4 percent, marking the third consecutive year (from the 20th contest in 2018) that witnessed over a 40 percent success ratio. The judges remarked that the support of the Seoul City and the efforts made by public facility manufacturers to produce excellent products are gradually bearing fruit.The certified items will be given promotion support by Seoul and the right to use the certification mark over the next two years. They will be recommended for installation in Seouls urban landscape improvement projects and advertised through a manual booklet to Seoul, its 25 districts, Seoul Housing & Communities Corporation, and other related institutions.Seoul aims to become a pedestrian-centered safe city. Over the last 11 years, up until the 22nd Seoul Good Public Design, a total of 1,146 items have been certified as Seoul Good Public Design. From the second half of 2019, a total of 168 items of which the certification period is valid will be actively utilized in Seouls public projects.Seoul City is also providing the small businesses whose items were not selected as the Seoul Good Public Design items with the opportunity to participate in the program called Seoul Design Clinic, through which they can receive customized design development guidance by experts. For more information on the Seoul Good Public Design, visit the official website (http://sgpd.seoul.go.kr).Items Selected to be Part of the 22nd Seoul Good Public DesignThe SGPD Certification Mark
On June 25-28, 2019, the city of Seoul and the Lighting Urban Community International (LUCI) will host the 2019 Asia Urban Lighting Workshop, which will receive participation by urban lighting professionals and representatives from Asian countries at SKY31 Convention in Seoul. LUCI is an international association established in 2002 in Lyon, France for the exchange and development of urban lighting policies and related technologies. After becoming a member of LUCI in 2007, Seoul has been playing the role of the first president city from the Asian region since 2018 and operating the LROA (LUCI Regional Office for Asia).This years event expects participation by roughly 150 people from 35 cities in 17 countries, including South Korea, China, India, Singapore, Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam, etc. The workshop will become a venue for communication and exchange where participants will be able to share excellent urban lighting policies and case studies from their cities.On June 25, the attendees will visit the 2019 17th International LED/OLED EXPO, as the introductory event will take place at KINTEX, Ilsan. From June 26-28, the main workshop will be held under the theme, Urban Lighting for Sustainable Development and Enhancing Citizens Lives. There will be lectures given by lighting professionals renowned both domestically and internationally, as well as a presentation and discussion on the excellent case studies from participating cities.Other programs include a lighting site tour in the evening of June 26, during which participants will have the opportunity to walk around Changgyeonggung Palace, which has opened its doors to visitors who want to visit at night starting in 2019, Seoullo 7017, and Palgakjeong Pavilion on Namsan Mountain. On the 27th, there will be a discussion on light festivals in Asia between the participating cities, as well as a visit to the Lighting Museum where the exhibition on the rising modern issue of light pollution is being held.The workshops on June 26 and 28 are open to the public and the individuals or groups who are interested in urban lighting can attend after advance registration.
To register, click the link (http://naver.me/GZq3uSBb) or scan the QR code on the poster. For more information, call the Workshop Management Office at +82-70-8633-8580.
From June 28 to July 26, 2019, every Wednesday, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday at 8 p.m., the city of Seoul will host the Hangang Nightscape Tour around the Banpo Hangang Park.The Hangang Nightscape Tour is a tour program that will offer participants the opportunity to be guided around areas with enchanting nightscapes around Banpo Hangang Park by an expert on the relevant materials. The program started in 2018 and was received well, to the extent that the tours were fully reserved and received a satisfaction rate of 92 percent. Therefore, the frequency of its operation will be more than doubled this year, the maximum number of participants per each session will increase, and a variety of events are set to take place.Planned to reveal the unexpected charm that is the nightscape of the Hangang River, the 2019 Hangang Nightscape Tour is being held under a new theme, Illuminate the Night of the Hangang River.The program will be operated for about 90 minutes starting at 8 p.m., four days a week, over five weeks starting on June 28, 2019. Each session will be open to 50 adults and minors can also participate if accompanied by a guardian.The tour course guided by a professional guide with knowledge about the Hangang area will include:  Seoraeseom Island, a perfect place for reflection while enjoying the serene nightscape,  the media facade show at the Sebitseom Island that looks like a flower, and  the fancy lighting of the Moonlight Rainbow Fountain, which was registered in the Guinness Book of Records for being the longest in the world.Additionally, there will be colorful events that will make the tour even more enjoyable. In the DIY Hangang Lantern program, participants will make lanterns of colors and lights that they choose themselves and carry them during the tour to light the night of Hangang River in the light parade.The city of Seoul is also operating other programs that shed light on the stories surrounding the Hangang River. The Hangang River History Exploration Program is a program through which participants can understand the long history of the Hangang River as the center of politics, economy, and culture from the prehistoric times to the present while walking along the 12 different courses and listening to commentary offered by guides on history, culture, and figures related to Hangang River, as well as historic sites near Hangang River and other cultural facilities. The Hangang River History Exploration Program will be operated six days a week (every day with the exception of Tuesdays) until November 30, 2019. Individuals who want to participate should make reservations in advance.5-200 individuals can apply for participation and English commentary is available for foreign visitors. The commentators may visit those who applied for the program if they are handicapped, elderly, or someone who may find it difficult to get to the Hangang River. Those who complete the 12 walking courses will receive the Hangang River History Exploration Certification of Completion at the end of the year.All programs are free of charge but require advance reservations. In order to take part in the Hangang Nightscape Tour, visitors can make reservations starting from June 18 at the Seoul Public Reservation (http://yeyak.seoul.go.kr), and to take part in the Hangang History Exploration Program, visit the official website (http://visit-hangang.seoul.kr).For more information, call the Travel Management Office at  +82-70-4290-6967.
Jamsil Sports Complex is a center of sports and culture in South Korea. It was the venue of the opening and closing ceremonies for the 1988 Seoul Summer Olympics and it has been a stage for performances from famous artist, both domestic and international, including BTS, Paul McCartney, and Coldplay. It will also be the main stadium for The 100th National Sports Festival, which will be taking place in October 2019 and it will be the first in Seoul for 33 years. Starting in July, a tour program will be launched that allows ordinary residents to visit and experience various parts of Jamsil Sports Complex, which are otherwise difficult to gain access to.Visitors can run on the track where star athletes from the 1988 Summer Olympics, including Karl Lewis, the gold medalist in the 100m run, achieved fame. Visitors can also go in the VIP room that was used during the Olympics. Additionally, people can go on the turf field where the matches for the 2013 EAFF E-1 Football Championship took place and look around inside the locker rooms used by professional players of Seoul E-land FC.The Seoul Sports Facilities Management Center will be running the Jamsil Sports Complex Tour Program from July to October (about four months) and will be accepting individual and group applications for reservation, starting June 20, on a first-come first-served basis.The tour will take roughly 60 minutes and participants will get the chance to see  the main facilities of the Seoul Olympic Stadium (the stadium, VIP rooms, locker rooms, etc),  the 1988 Olympic cauldron,  the Road of Olympic Stars shows the medals earned by Korean players and exciting game footage, and  the Music Star Zone has handprints and stone statues of famous artists who performed at the Seoul Olympic Stadium.
 Seoul Olympic Stadium: You can run 100m on the track and walk on the natural grass of the soccer stadium. If your image is projected up on the video, you might just feel as though you have become a famous athlete playing in the stadium. You can also visit the VIP room, which was used by the president during the Seoul Olympics and the locker rooms used by the Seoul E-land FC players.
 Road of Olympic Stars: Here, starting with the statue of Sohn Kee-chung, a gold medal winner at the 1936 Berlin Olympics, visitors can see the present condition of the 245 medals that have been won by Korean athletes up until the 2012 London Olympics and the corresponding game footage, embodied on stainless steel etchings and special glass prints.
 Music Star Zone: A new space, opened in January 2018, connected to the Road of Olympic Stars. There are stone monuments in honor of foreign artists who performed at the Seoul Olympic Stadium in South Korea, including Michael Jackson (1996), Paul McCartney (2015), Coldplay (2017) and many more. The Handprint Zone opened in April, where visitors can find handprints of Korean musicians, including BTS, Seo Taiji, Cho Yong-pil, and others.
 Visitors can also visit the Olympic Exhibition Hall, where they can view the medals of the 1988 Seoul Summer Olympics, donations from the medalists, the original Olympic posters, and related videos.To apply for a tour reservation, visit the website for Seoul Public Service Reservation (http://yeyak.seoul.go.kr). The entrance fee is KRW 500 for adults and adolescents, KRW 250 for children, and 30% discount is provided for a groups of over 10 people.
 For more information on the program, visit the Seoul Sports Facilities Management Centers website (http://stadium.seoul.go.kr) or go to the Seoul Public Service Reservation website, linked above. For inquiries and consultation, call the Seoul Sports Facilities Management Center at  +82-2-2240-8971.1. Period: July-October, 2019
2. Venue: Seoul Olympic Stadium, Road of Olympic Stars, Seoul Olympic Exhibition Hall, and more
3. Contents: Tour program for tourists
Duration: 60 minutes (including the transit between courses)5. Procedure
 Issuance of the ticket before the program starts. Gathering at the meeting place (Seoul Olympic Exhibition Hall)
 When tour participants have gathered, the guide will lead them according to the order of the program6. No. of participants: 900 (30 per tour, 30 times)7. Schedule The schedule above could change according to the reservation situation and the condition of the stadium.8. How to Apply: Reservations are made on a first-come, first-served basis on the website for the Seoul Public Service Reservation. On-site payment via a credit card at a ticket dispenser.9. Fee: KRW 500 for adults and adolescents, KRW 250 for children (30% discount for groups of over 10 people)
Starting on June 11, The Seoul Metropolitan Government will be recruiting cyclists who want to ride their bicycles along the Hangang riverside bicycle lane while enjoying the offshore river breeze on July 7. Applications will be accepted on a first-come, first-served basis.The Seoul Metropolitan Government is operating a monthly bicycle riding campaign that started in May and will go until November under the theme, Lets Run through Seoul on Our Bicycles, in order to spread a safe biking culture, in line with the provision of 30,000 Ttareungyi (Seoul Public Bike) on the street. Rather than a speed battle, the campaign is a part of efforts to make the roads safe for bicycles, automobiles, and pedestrians.The 2nd Seoul Bicycle Parade will be held as the Hangang Bicycle Lane Safety Campaign where participants sporting safety gear will gather at 8 a.m. on July 7, 2019 at the Moonlight Square in Banpo Hangang Park, the starting point for the parade.The course is 14-km and 60-minutes long, spanning over the course: Moonlight Square-Hannamdaegyo Bridge- Yeongdongdaegyo Bridge-Jamsildaegyo Bridge-Olympicdaegyo Bridge-Gwangnaru Bicycle Park. Participants will be divided into groups and will slowly ride their bikes, enjoying the offshore river breeze of summer and being considerate of the pedestrians and other cyclists visiting the Hangang River.Following a brief collective stretching session at Moonlight Square in Banpo Hangang Park, the parade will be set to commence. After biking in a line with citizens who enjoy riding bikes along the Hangang River, participants can enjoy a photo zone and small performances at Gwangnaru Bicycle Park. Beginning of the 1st Seoul Bicycle Parade Arrival of the Leading Group of the 1st Seoul Bicycle Parade
The Seoul City Crime Prevention (Life Safety) Design and Public Art Project won three awards at the worlds most prestigious 2019 SEGD Global Design Awards in the United States.The SEGD Global Design Awards has been operated by the SEGD (Society for Experiential Graphic Design), offering the highest awards in the fields of architecture, space, exhibition, and environmental graphic design. The participants submit their works under seven categories: Digital Experience Content, Exhibition, Interactive Experience, Placemaking and Identity, Public Installation, Strategy, Research, Planning, and Wayfinding.In January 2019, Seoul city submitted its Crime Prevention (Life Safety) Design and its Public Art Project to the SEGD Global Design Awards. In March, passing the individual screening and panel of professional judges, Seouls works were finally selected to receive awards.Out of the 341 works submitted by different countries across the world, Skyline Wayfinding, the Crime Prevention (Life Safety) Design of Geumho-dong 4(sa)-ga in Seongdong-gu, Seoul, received the Sylvia Harris Award, which corresponds to the grand prize in the field of public design, and a Merit Award, which is equivalent to an excellence award. The Jahadam Project that was installed on a three-way pedestrian overpass located at Sinyeong-Dong was awarded a Merit Award as well.Particularly, the Sylvia Harris Award that was given to the Crime Prevention (Life Safety) Design in Geumho-dong in Seongdong-gu is a very meaningful award that is awarded only to one work with high social influence and publicity. This was the first time that South Korea won the Sylvia Harris Award.The Crime Prevention (Life Safety) Design in Geumho-dong 4(sa)-ga, Seongdong-gu is characterized by its Skyline Wayfinding, in which addresses are displayed on the top exterior of each house. In the area (Geumho-dong), the old, low-to-the-ground houses of which redevelopment has been delayed are concentrated on the hilly and high grounds. Due to a lack of landmarks or shopping malls, people found it difficult to explain their location in an emergency. In order to oust these problems, Seoul equipped the area with this Crime Prevention (Life Safety) Design.The Jahadam Project, which received a Merit Award, is a public artwork that is installed on a three-way pedestrian overpass located in the 25-year-old Sinyeong-Dong. The project was pursued as one of the Seoul as an Art Museum projects last year. The overpass is frequently used by students of the nearby Segumjung Elementary School and they call it a cool overpass. The new material (luminous stones) installed throughout the floor emits a mysterious light at night, producing an atmosphere in which pedestrians feel as though they are walking on a noctilucent street. Also, using an app, visitors can encounter unique public artwork of imaginary animals drawn by 92 students from Segumjung Elementary School through augmented reality on the overpass.On the other hand, the design for solving social issues by Seoul city was given the grand prize at Design For Asia Award in 2014 with its Life Safety (Crime Prevention) Design and the grand prize and presidential citation at the 3rd Korea Crime Prevention Contest. Additionally, the design governance, in which various entities propose ways to solve social problems, became the winner of the main prize in the field of Service Design UX at the iF Design Awards 2018.Jahadam Stone A work of art expressing the Bukhansan Valley and nearby strata through the installation of luminous stones on the floor of the overpass Jaha Mythology Public artwork in which 92 Segumjung Elementary School students imagined the mythology of the village. The stories in their drawings are offered in the middle of the overpass through the AR against the background of the present. Jaha Sharing An online platform to which one can connect to through QR, where interviews with local celebrities of culture and art scene are uploaded.
The Summer Garment Fashion Show is part of the Cool-Biz Campaign that has been led by Seoul city since 2005. Summer Garment Fashion, refers to cool and simple clothes, such as shorts, loose dresses, no ties, etc.On June 26, 2019 at 12 p.m., Seoul will host the Summer Garment Fashion Show at Cheonggye Plaza with the theme, Summer Fashion, Healthy Earth. For the event, Seoul will employ citizen volunteers who want to participate and a total of 30 individuals will model on stage.Wearing cool summer attire can lower the temperature experienced by the wearer by 2 degrees Celsius, which also helps maintain an optimum room temperature (26-28 degree Celsius). If every citizen set their air-conditioning 2 degrees Celsius higher than the current temperature, it would reduce 274,540 tons of greenhouse gas emissions. This is equivalent to the effect of planting 4,120 30-year-old pine trees. In addition to the fashion show, there will be various participatory programs and a bazaar with an emphasis on summer garments, starting at 11 a.m.Seoul will be recruiting citizens who want to model in the Summer Garment Fashion Show. Anyone who is interested in the saving the environment and energy may apply to participate. Application forms can be downloaded from Seouls official website (http://www.seoul.go.kr) and submitted via e-mail (eco0316@seoul.go.kr) by 6 p.m. on June 21, 2019.
The selection will be carried out through a screening process that considers the age and sex of candidates. Those who participate in the show will be offered a small cash prize.
 For details, contact the Environmental Policy Division of the SMG at ( +82-2-2133-3529).This year, again, the city of Seoul is striving to create a cool working environment by encouraging government officials to take the initiative in wearing cool summer attire (no tie, etc.) and in saving energy in Seoul City Hall. The city also has plans to carry out the campaign with the Seoul Chamber of Commerce and Industry to spread the Summer Garment Fashion culture in companies.
In order to select Seouls 2019 Foreign Honorary Citizens, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will be receiving candidate nominations from June 10 to July 19, 2019.Seouls Foreign Honorary Citizens will be selected from the international residents who have lived in Seoul for more than three consecutive years (or five cumulative years) or, among the foreign guests who have visited Seoul, those who have contributed to improving the Seouls status as a city and have been role models to Seouls citizens and to other foreign residents.Nominations can be submitted by heads of public organizations or civic organizations or by solidarity expressed between more than 30 citizens of Seoul in signature form. Nominators can fill out the nomination form that can be downloaded from the official website of the Seoul Metropolitan Government and submit it to the International Relations Division of the Seoul Metropolitan Government by July 19, 2019.The Seoul Metropolitan Government has conferred honorary citizenship to 827 foreigners from 97 countries since 1958, including 202 from the US, 45 from Japan, 44 from Germany, 43 from China, and 31 from the UK.A Foreign Honorary Citizen of Seoul is given opportunities to participate in the administrative affairs of Seoul, such as being appointed as a policy advisor of the Seoul Metropolitan Government or being invited to events organized by the city.The Honorary Citizens will be selected through a screening process by experts in administration from both inside and outside of the city and with the agreement of the Seoul City Council. The Seoul Honorary Citizenship Ceremony 2019 will be held in autumn during which the selected individuals will receive honorary citizenship.According to nationality: 827 individuals from 97 countries
(As of June 1, 2019) Foreign Honorary Citizenship Qualifications
 Foreign residents who have resided in Seoul for more than three consecutive years or five cumulative years, and have contributed to:
 improving the status of Seoul as a city at home and abroad enhancing the culture and welfare and the economic development of Seoul
 Note: Only the foreign residents who completed alien registration with the Immigration Bureau of the Republic of Korea (including those who are exempt from alien registration) are eligible. Nominators
 Heads of public organizations or civic organizations
 More than 30 citizens of Seoul (all signatures are required) Period: June 10 (Mon.)-July 19 (Fri.), 2019
 By post or in person
 (In case of submission by post, the postmark date should be no later than July 19, 2019)
 Submission via e-mail will be accepted only if the hard copy (original copy) of the nomination form is submitted to the International Relations Division within the submission period
(E-mail: seoulhonorary@seoul.go.kr) Required Documents
 Nomination form (including the signature of the nominators) and photo of nominee
 Nomination form is downloadable here:
http://www.seoul.go.kr/news/news_notice.do#view/290624 Submission
 Address: Person in Charge of Honorary Citizenship, International Relations Division, 8F, Seoul City Hall, 110, Sejong-daero, Jung-gu, Seoul (04524)
  Contact  +82-2-2133-5267
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (Hangang Project Headquarters) announced, In order to openly welcome summer, we will be offering a variety of free performances on unique stages along the Hangang River during the month of June. The 11 Hangang parks will offer a diverse array of cultural vacation programs during the summer nights, where visitors can enjoy the free-of-charge nightscape and sunset on the banks of the river.Yeouido Floating Stage with Culture and Arts, the Right Place to Immerse Oneself in the Summer Night
The NupCon (a concert you watch while lying down) on the Yeouido Floating Stage is the perfect performance where you can revel in the romantic summer night. Performances of various genres are staged for two hours from 7 pm every Friday and Saturday in June, so dont hesitate to go to Hangang and get a taste of the wonderfully comfortable cultural life.The NupCon is a unique concert in which the audience can enjoy music while lying down on colorful mats in front of a floating stage.On June 8 (Sat.), AZ Sound, a band of office workers who dream of the balance between work and life, gives a performance. On June 14 (Fri.), visitors can enjoy R&B and electronic performances on the same stage. Plus, they can watch movies projected on the floating stage after the performances, with the nightscape of the Hangang River as the background. Welcoming the Memorial Month of June, deeply touching films that can be enjoyed by visitors with all their family will be screened.For inquiries, visit the official website (http://www.floating-stage.com) or the Facebook page (https://www.facebook.com/floatingstagem), or call the operation office at +82-70-7525-1167.Gwangjingyo 8th Avenue, the Cultural Space under the Bridge with Romantic Performances against the Nightscape of the Hangang River
Gwangjingyo 8th Avenue, where the sky and the river form an eye-catching scene, presents colorful cultural programs to enrich the summer for residents of Seoul. You can view special exhibitions of artists with sparkling personalities in the daytime, and enjoy concerts and the nightscape in the evening!From 6 pm every Friday and Saturday, the Romance Night Concert, unique to Gwangjingyo 8th Avenue, stages all sorts of music genres.If you are planning to make a special and unique marriage proposal to the person you dearly love, you may apply for the Free Proposal at Gwangjingyo 8th Avenue.
For inquiries, visit the official website (http://www.riverview8.co.kr) or the Facebook page (https://www.facebook.com/riverview8). The Joy of Daily Life Offered by 107 Teams of Street Artists Throughout the Banks of the Hangang River
With brilliant artists of music, magic, dance, and more donating their talents, the Hangang River is now a place abuzz with things to enjoy. A total of 107 teams were selected as Hangang Street Artists, citizen artists who would contribute to making the Hangang River an arena of culture.The Hangang Street Artists will flaunt their talents at  Yeouido (at the stairs of Yeouinaru Station, at Cascade Plaza, below Seogangdaegyo Bridge, and in front of E-land Cruise),  Banpo (at Waterdrop Playground and Seorae Island),  Mangwon (at Seoul Battleship Park and Green Trail),  Ttukseom (at the Rose Garden, Gangbyeon Riverside Stage, and Cruise Ship Quay), and more.Also, on every last Saturday until this coming October, the Hangang Street Artists will be given opportunities to perform joint performances at the Yeouido Floating Stage.You can check the performance schedule of the Hangang Street Artists in June on the news board of the Hangang Project Headquarters website (http://hangang.seoul.go.kr). For inquiries, contact the Cultural and Public Affairs Division of the Hangang Project Headquarters at +82-2-3780-0799.
Since last September, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has been striving to make Seoul a City Free of Disposable Plastics and, as part of its efforts, is running a campaign with civic organizations to reduce consumption of five major single-use plastics, such as plastic cups, straws, bags, packaging, and suit covers.In South Korea, the annual number of disposable plastic cups used is as many as 25.7 billion, straws 10 billion, bags 21.1 billion, and suit covers 400 million. As of 2016, the amount of plastics used in South Korea is 132.7 kg per person, greater than 93.8 kg in the USA and 65.8 kg in Japan.For this reason, in April this year, the Seoul Metropolitan Government selected an organization for each item, in order to pursue campaigns for encouraging citizen participation to reduce the usage of plastics.The campaigns are being conducted by the Korea Federation for Environmental Movement to cut down the usage of plastic cups and straws, Seoul Saemaeul Womens Association for bags, Green Future for packaging, and Korea Womens Federation for Consumers for suit covers.The Korea Federation for Environmental Movement will monitor the actual usage of single-use cups and straws and distribute guidelines to cafes to prevent them from providing plastic straws. Campaigns will also be held at the venues of university festivals and other events in order to limit the usage of plastic straws. Also, by receiving reports on plastic-free cafes, the KFEM will discover exemplary cases to practice these guidelines.On May 18, Green Future launched the campaign to reduce the consumption of packaging at the food-delivery-concentrated zone in Yeouido Hangang Park.At the campaign, people were informed of the current status of environmental pollution owing to disposable plastics, agreed to participate in reducing consumption of disposable food packaging, and posted their signatures as evidence of the agreement on SNS, by which they received multi-use spoons and chopsticks.Green Future will continue running the campaign at citizen-concentrated areas like Hangang parks and Gwanghwamun Market. Also, it has plans to conduct a factual survey on the store operation of a chicken franchise that willingly signed an MOU with the Seoul Metropolitan Government in February and to give advice.The Korea Womens Federation for Consumers has been leading the movement to decrease the use of suit covers as it agreed in an MOU with the Korea Cleaning Association and the Seoul Metropolitan Government last October.This year, the KWFC has trained 20 campaign leaders for reduction of the number of suit covers used in dry cleaners, and since May, they have visited over 900 dry cleaners to raise awareness.The Seoul Saemaeul Womens Association signed an MOU with the Seoul Metropolitan Governance Merchant Association last year and is launching the campaign to cut back on the use of single-use plastic bags in traditional markets.This year, it is running the campaign at 10 traditional markets, six more markets compared to last year. At the newly selected markets, various events and programs will take place, including an agreement ceremony between the SSWA and the merchant associations, making shopping baskets, accepting basket donations, providing free baskets to those who shop without plastic bags, collecting newspapers that can replace the plastic bags used to wrap groceries, and more.The SSWA will run the campaign to curtail the use of plastic bags twice a month at traditional markets by conducting surveys, supplying newspapers, and collecting shopping baskets.The Seoul Metropolitan Government will unswervingly lead the campaign to reduce the use of five major plastic disposables and is going to open the discussion to evaluate the outcome of each civic organization in November to seek better methods.Choi Gyu-dong, Director of the SMGs Resources Recycling Division said, The seemingly insignificant practices in daily life, like bringing a personal tumbler, not using plastic straws, using shopping baskets, saying no to disposable spoons and chopsticks, and not receiving suit covers from dry cleaners, are in fact important. We urge citizens to more actively participate and cooperate.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government endeavors to revitalize local bookshops in Seoul by designating some of those which foster reading culture and play the role of a neighborhood cultural space as Seoul Bookshops, as well as supporting the organizations and promoting reading culture programs. A total of 50 bookshops were selected this year, and various cultural events will take place starting in June.
In April, the Seoul Library received applications through open recruitment to select 50 Seoul Bookshops 2019 through quantitative evaluation of a professional jury. The selected bookshops will be offered the Brand Identity (B.I.) and receive strong support in opening cultural events and implementing various online and offline promotions.
From June, cultural events at the Seoul Bookshops will take place in earnest. Not only meetings with writers, but writing workshops and educational programs for children, gatherings for enjoying performances, and readings will be held.
Also, an online channel for these Seoul Bookshops will be constructed and offline media will be used for their promotion, forming empathy among citizens about local bookshops and activating more communication between bookshops and residents.
Particularly, in line with the rapidly changing environment of media, an ad for each bookshop will be produced in video form to demonstrate their charms, strong points, and the cultural events they organize. The videos will be actively distributed through YouTube, and channels will be expanded in the future.
The Seoul Library will make and distribute a calendar of the cultural events that will take place at 50 Seoul Bookshops. This pilot project will be conducted to enhance the independence of local bookshops and the support will be maintained to stabilize the operation of the Seoul Bookshops in local communities.
The first event is planned for June 7 (Fri.) at Dongyang Bookstore, an old bookstore located in Jongno-gu. Run for over 60 years at the same location since its opening in 1953, Dongyang Bookstore was also designated as a Future Heritage in Seoul, as it shows an aspect of the old times of Hyehwa-dong. Starting with a meeting with Kwon Yeo-sun, author of Lemon, at Dongyang Bookstore, a total of 50 programs are to be held until November. The schedule and details of the programs of each bookshop will be announced separately each month.
For more information about the event schedule of the Seoul Bookshops and how to participate, visit the official blog of the Seoul Library (http://blog.naver.com/seoul_library) or the promotion channels of Seoul Bookshop (YouTube or Instagram). For other inquiries, contact the Seoul Library at +82-2-2133-0213.
Seoul Donhwamun Traditional Theater (Art Director Kang Eun-il), the representative theater for gugak (Korean traditional music) performances, will open Undang Guesthouse Concert from June 4 (Tue.) to 20 (Thu.), in order to represent a modern perspective of Undang Guesthouse, a guesthouse loved by a number of artists, which was run by the late master singer Park Gwi-hui.
Located in Unni-dong, Jongno-gu, Undang Guesthouse was a hanok (Korean traditional house) guesthouse operated by Park Gwi-hui, Human Cultural Asset no. 23. It was frequented by many artists and was also the cradle of baduk from 1958 to 1989, as it opened the final of major baduk contests.
In the same way Undang Guesthouse played the role of a communal hall and a space for creation for artists, Seoul Donhwamun Traditional Theater will also be run as a space open to any artists. For the Undang Guesthouse Concert, last April, 11 teams were selected through open recruitment in order for artists of various ages and genres to be able to perform.
Particularly, there will be a performance by the disciples of master singer Park Gwi-hui, late owner of Undang Guesthouse, as well as performances reflecting the unique spatial meaning of Undang Guesthouse as the arena of major baduk matches.
The Undang Guesthouse Concert will be held at 7:30 pm every Tuesday to Friday from June 4 to June 20 at Seoul Donhwamun Traditional Theater, and the entrance fee is uniformly KRW 20,000. For more information regarding the concert, refer to the official website (http://sdtt.or.kr/) or contact the theater at +82-2-3210-7001, 7002.
"	The market of small businesses in Seoul has become saturated and the competition between the small businesses that provide service and goods for peoples life is as fierce as ever. One out of four small business owners close their store for good within five years and the augmentation of the managing cost, including credit card bills and rentals, worsens their harsh conditions.	On June 4, 2019, Seoul Metropolitan Government opens the Small Business Policy Institute, the nations first institution dedicated to the research and support for small businesses, where they conduct professional and systematic studies on small businesses, the pillar of the Korean economy, and develop the supporting policy befitting their on-site conditions. The Institute will not only help people succeed in starting small businesses but support their development in the volatile environment by assessing their problems on-site and formulating actionable solutions.	What differentiates the Small Business Policy Institute is that it conceives and develops the policies with an emphasis on consumers based on their practical needs and actively responds to their requests. The Institute will help nurture a healthy and sustainable ecosystem where small business owners run their business without concerns and support them in improving their capability to become a success case study.	The main tasks taken on by the Institute will be the deriving of the effective policies for supporting small businesses and the implementation of the district-oriented projects. The phased support for beginning, developing, and declining small businesses will be revised to be more practically helpful for beneficiaries, and the district-oriented projects will be systematically extended to improve the businesses independence and competitiveness. The Institute will also carry out a closer analysis of the local commercial zone to produce an updated saturation model of small businesses in order to prevent indiscreet business start-ups and disproportion among types of business.	The condition analysis will be performed for effective policy development and implementation. First, the actual condition survey and situation analysis will regularly be carried out by targeting local small business owners categorized according to their state of business, type of business, and the commercial zone they belong to. Plus, the information that is actually helpful for small businesses, such as the information about promising business categories and small business trends, is analyzed and offered.	The Institute will propose measures for strengthening the social safety net for small businesses and the strategies for them to actively respond to the fourth industrial revolution. It will also analyze the success factors of excellent businesses that can be benchmarked by other small businesses. The detailed research subjects will be determined after launching the steering committee, of which the related specialists will become the members, following the opening of the Institute.	Established inside the Seoul Credit Guarantee Foundation, the affiliated organization of the Seoul Metropolitan Government, the Small Business Policy Institute can use the data on small businesses in Seoul that have been accumulated over the last 20+ years, expected to be able to generate effective study results that can be immediately associated with the demand for policies.	The Small Business Policy Institute will consist of two teams: the Policy Research Team, which perform the condition analysis on the business start-up and management environment of small businesses, and the Commercial Zone Analysis Team, which analyzes the local commercial zones and studies ways to vitalize them. Considering the research results and demand, the Institute will gradually increase its researchers."
"	The Seoul Metropolitan Government test operates 2019 Car-Free Day on Daehangno (from Hyehwa Rotary to Ihwa Crossroad, 960m long) from 12pm to 5pm on June 9, 2019.	The Car-Free Day on Daehangno started on May 4, 1985, from 6pm-10pm every Saturday and from 12pm-10pm every Sunday. Various art performances were performed on the road and were very popular among citizens. Four years later in October 1989, the road was designated as a roundabout route due to the extension work of Mia-ro.	The Car-Free Day on Daehangno will take place under the slogan of Experience 1989 Again with Romance and Memories at five different sections providing a variety of things to watch and enjoy. The artists, companies, and civic groups representing the local community actively participate in the event, leading art performances, the art market, farmers market, and urban walkathon.	The first section (from Exit no. 1 of Hyehwa Station to Olive Young Hyehwa) will be host to high-quality outdoor performances, which will be on stage during 2019 Welcome Daehangno, the event that will be held in September 2019. The event is part of the project that is being planned by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism and the Korea Tourism Organization in order to foster Daehangno into a world-class hub of performances and tourism, in line with the Car-Free Day policy of the Seoul Metropolitan Government.	The second section (from Space Owl to Marronnier Park): the road will be transformed into the Street of Reminiscence 1980-1990. Under the theme of a retro street, diverse genres of performances will take place, including a retro fashion show, a street theater, a magic show, and a concert. Also, the programs like the Nostalgic Photo Studio, where you can take photos while wearing garments from the past, are suitable to be enjoyed by people of all ages.	The third section (from Marronnier Park to Artists House): Ihwa Art and March, the representative local community groups of Daehangno, open the farmers market and art market, which are held only inside of the park, and extend it to the road, greeting people into the organic, sustainable space abuzz with people, relationships, and conversations.	The fourth section (from the Fire House to the front gate of Korea National Open University): Vans, the famous shoe manufacturer, runs the skateboard clinic for girls, where women of different age groups can learn skateboarding. They can also attend an art workshop led by the stencil artist Jogo to make the grip tapes unique to themselves.	The fifth section (from Korea National Open University to Seoul National University Girls Middle School): The event Second Walk Downtown! will take place to promote walking downtown and develop pedestrian culture."
The Seoul Bike Festival 2019 will be held from 8 am on June 9 and people will ride their bikes from Gwanghwamun Square to Gangbyeonbuk-ro up until the World Cup Park.
Holding its 11th anniversary this year, the Seoul Bike Festival is an event to promote the use of bikes, the most famous eco-friendly vehicle, and to advocate for its safe use. The Festival is continually embraced not only by biking enthusiasts but also ordinary citizens.
Over 6,000 citizens are expected to participate in the event and 70 Ttareungyi (Seoul public bike) will join the parade.
Traffic control will be in operation from 6 am to 10 am around Gwanghwamun Square, Sejongno Sageori, Seoul Station, Yongsan Station, the northern end of Hangangdaegyo Bridge, the Gangbyeonbuk-ro (to Ilsan), the northern end of Gayangdaegyo Bridge, Guryong Sageori, the Crossroad at the entrance of DMC, and World Cup Park, depending on the progress of the parade.
For detailed information, contact the festival office at +82-2-2031-1913 (www.seoulbikefest.com) or the website of Seoul Transport Operation & Information Service (topis.seoul.go.kr).
The Seoul Baekje Museum, openly welcoming Dano, holds events where people can enjoy various cultural experiences and games.
Although Dano is June 7, or May 5 on the lunar calendar, the events will be held from 10 am to 6 pm on June 8 to enable family visitors to have some fun. The events will take place at the square and the lobby of the Seoul Baekje Museum and anyone can participate for free.
At the Experience Zone, people can watch the demonstration of washing hair with water infused with sweet flag, which is one of the representative customs of Dano, and they can learn to do it themselves. Also, they can participate in rubbing of beautiful patterns on the stone surface unique to Baekju, woodblock printing, drinking cold traditional tea, and learning how to play the reed pipe.
At the Game Zone, family visitors can enjoy traditional games, such as kicking a giant jegi, ssangnyuk, and shooting arrows, with their children.
The event is open to any citizens, free of charge, on a first come, first served basis. (However, you have to pay for the paper for rubbing and woodblock printing.)
For more information, visit the official website of the Seoul Baekje Museum (http://baekjemuseum.seoul.go.kr) or call at +82-2-2152-5833.
By 2020, you will be able to use Wi-Fi for free anywhere you go while riding public transportation in Seoul. Also, people who go jogging to large parks like Seoul Forest or Yeouido Park can now listen to their favorite music on YouTube without the burden of incurring additional mobile data fees.
With the smartphone distribution rate of Seoulites amounting to 95 percent, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has plans to double the number of public Wi-Fi terminals to 20,000 units by the end of 2019.
First of all, the SMG will create a Wi-Fi network encompassing all green and blue buses, red buses and town shuttle buses. Once the public communication network is available in every bus, which was once a dead zone of public Wi-Fi, commuters will have access to wireless Internet for free on any public transportation vehicle, including the subway, where private Wi-Fi networks are installed.
The SMG will build a public Wi-Fi network that will include a total of 7,405 buses running in Seoul by 2020, increasing the distribution rate of Wi-Fi from 3.6 percent to 100 percent. The number of the buses indicates the sum of 6,000 green and blue buses and 1,405 red buses. The Wi-Fi network will be installed in green and blue buses by December 2019 and in red buses by 2020.
The free Wi-Fi service will benefit not only Seoulites but also all the passengers living in the capital area who commute to Seoul.
All the town shuttle buses, which carry 118,000 passengers a day, will also be equipped with the public Wi-Fi network by October 2019. The total number reaches 1,499 vehicles of 235 lines. When the free Wi-Fi service is expanded to the town shuttle buses, Seoul will become the first metropolitan city in the country with a public Wi-Fi network.
Bus stops are another target where the SMG will build up the new public Wi-Fi network. The plan is to establish terminals of the Wi-Fi network at 358 median bus lanes by 2019 and 2,000 bus stops on the roadside by 2020.
Additionally, the SMG will install the public Wi-Fi network in 24 large public parks (over 100,000) managed by the city itself by 2020, to expand the use of the free Wi-Fi service in the daily life of citizens. A total of 300 Wi-Fi hosts are to be installed.
As part of the efforts to bridge the digital divide, the SMG plans to make the public Wi-Fi service accessible in local community facilities that are frequently visited by disadvantaged groups in terms of access to information, such as local welfare centers, facilities for the elderly and the handicapped, and youth shelters. While 101 welfare facilities will be equipped with the public Wi-Fi service at first, the number will increase to 300 through the year 2019.
"	The 2019 Seoul International Tourism Industry Fair (SITIF 2019), the largest global tourism fair in South Korea, will take place over four days from June 6 to 9 at COEX, in Seoul, with participating companies from more than 50 countries.It is a large-scale tourism industry fair with a range of activities covering every field of tourism, from the 230 booths for B2B consultation between overseas buyers and Korean tourism companies, to the promotion of tourism carried out by tourism bureaus, airlines, and hotels from 40 plus countries held at over 530 booths, not to mention the tourism job fair in which 100 domestic and foreign companies will take part.The Fair will be comprised of  the Travel Mart for 1:1 consultation between foreign buyers and domestic sellers,  the Korea World Travel Fair, where attendees can browse the tourism trends and the latest tour packages at home and abroad,  a briefing session on tourism to introduce foreign buyers to the latest content of Korean tourism companies and related organizations, and  the Seoul Tourism Job Fair, that will invite more than 100 tourism companies from home and abroad.The Travel Mart will take place for two days from June 7-8 and over 1,300 domestic and foreign companies will participate in it. In it, consultations will be held between buyers and sellers, promoting the actual conclusion of contracts. At the Korea World Travel Fair, to be held for four days from June 6-9 at the A Hall, 530 booths for tourism promotion will be operated by the national governments, local governments, and institutions from more than 40 countries from around the world.The booth run by the Seoul Metropolitan Government will use the watchword Meet, Enjoy, and Experience Seoul and will accordingly consist of three zones: Meet (tourist spots), Enjoy (festivals), and Experience (hands-on contents)."
"	The DMZ Peace Train Music Festival 2019 will be held for five days, from June 5 to 9, 2019 at Platform Changdong 61 in Seoul and in Cheorwon County, Gangwon-do.	On June 5, an international conference will take place at Platform Changdong 61 with the subject The DMZ: a Fluid Cultural Platform. This conference will be a forum in which to talk about peace, share stories regarding how life changes through music, and the precedent set by peace talks in Cuba, Lebanon, United Kingdom, and South Korea.	On June 6, a Cuban showcase will take place. Korean people may find the music unfamiliar, but through the music people will be able to share feelings and messages of peace and solidarity with one another.	The event at Changdong Stations plaza, which was remodeled last December, will also host the Peace Painting and Peace Coloring art installation programs at which artists and residents can collaborate in creating artwork together to promote peace.	The DMZ Peace Train Music Festival 2019 International Conference & Cuba Showcase welcome any participants who agree with the value of Music for Peace, Peace for the Future. To participate in this event, visit the Naver reservation page at (https://booking.naver.com/booking/12/bizes/234851). Information related to the programs can be found on the official website (http://dmzpeacetrain.com). For inquiries about the programs, call +82-2-966-6560."
"	The Seoul Metropolitan Government published 2018 Seoul White Book, where it reported on 100 major administrative projects that were pursued throughout 2018.	In the 2018 Seoul White Book, according to the newly established four-year administration plan set out following the 7th popular elections, the major administrative projects have been divided into five categories. Those categories are: the future, safety, welfare, balance, and democracy. A total of 100 projects, which had real, easily felt results, are introduced under each category.	The White Book for 2018 contains the Seoul Metropolitan Governments representative policies that were carried out in order to invest in the future with new ideas, from the establishment of footholds of innovation for leading the Fourth Industrial Revolution to support measures put in place for small businesses and the younger generations, who will ultimately be the driving force propelling promising industries.	At the beginning of the White Book, the policies that were most well-received by the residents of Seoul over the course of 2018 are introduced under the subtitle The Top 10 News of Seoul and various new and revised policies are displayed in the sections Seoul Life Index 10 and Seoul on the Map.	In the body of the text reporting projects under five categories, infographics are used that allow readers to easily digest the major outcomes of the 2018 projects. Helpful information for daily-life is neatly organized under the titles Tips and Changing Life in Seoul.	Smart Future"
"	In this category, policies for leading the Fourth Industrial Revolution, including the establishment of innovation footholds, the bolstering of promising industries, measures for supporting small businesses that are facing hardship, and measures for vitalizing the economy, such as small business and culture festival supports, are described	Safety: Cleanliness and Convenience"
"	This category will help readers understand why Seoul is a great city in regards to environmental and safety issues by looking into its eco-friendly policies, such as Seoul without Disposable Plastics and Sharable Cars and Parking Lots, as well as descriptions of Seouls efforts to maintain the infrastructure for the elderly.	Healthy, Lively Welfare"
"	Here, the Seoul Metropolitan Governments policies, which allow the city and residents to grow together by supporting their education and the costs of child-rearing, and which take care of residents at each stage in their life, from birth to death, are described.	Harmony and Balance"
"	Because income disparity between regions has become more severe, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has presented new alternatives related to development and growth based on governance and communication. Those alternative are described in this section. 	Democracy: Made by the Citizens"
"	Finally, in this category dedicated to democracy, we introduce a new model of governance in which residents identify problems on their own and work to solve them based on the principles of equality and respect.	The 2018 Seoul White Book will be distributed to organizations (public corporations, foundations, etc.) affiliated with the Seoul Metropolitan Government, the public service center of each districts office, and at the Seoul Library. You can also read it in the form of e-book on this website (http://ebook.seoul.go.kr).	For those who want to buy one, the White Book is sold for KRW 8,000 at the counter that sells periodicals at Seoul Library or at the Seoul Book Store on the B1 floor of the Seoul City Hall."
"	The Seoul Metropolitan Government designated 2019 as the first year for the Seoul Special Pedestrian City and announced The Second Basic Plan for Pedestrian Safety and Convenience Enhancement (2019-2023). This is a medium to long-term plan that will help orient the pedestrian policies of Seoul over the next five years. It contains the plan and principles for the construction of spaces that will give pedestrians priority in a variety of spaces and streets throughout Seoul.	First, the comprehensive pedestrian-public transportation connection system will be newly established, providing optimal travel routes for pedestrians by connecting, not only the bus and the subway systems, but also various eco-friendly forms of transportation like the Ttareungyi (Seoul Bikes) and Nanum Car (Shared Cars) with pedestrians. A new app will be developed to provide this service. A diverse array of information, including information regarding convenient facilities near the path of travel, the number of taxis waiting nearby stations, public transportation facilities for vulnerable users, and more, will be conveniently provided.	Improvement to the walking environment will evolve to have proactive countermeasures to the effects of climate change, such as heat waves. Special pavements that reduce the absorption of solar heat will be used for sidewalks in order to lower the heat indices experienced by pedestrians during summer. Additionally, cooling mists, which can lower the ambient temperature by 2-3 degrees Celsius, will be created by spraying artificial fog from devices installed at places where pedestrians often must wait, like at bus stops.	In order to promote walking and the use of public transportation at the same time, the BMW (Bus, Metro, Walk) Mileage Project, through which users can transfer walking mileage into T-money, will be launched.	The Seoul Metropolitan Government has the goal of creating a Walkable City, Seoul, where pedestrians are prioritized, following this Second Plan. To this end, it has established three basic principles for walking. The three principles are  the Establishment of Walkable Streets  Making the City Safe and  Building a Virtuous Cycle for the Walking Project."
"	The 5G Self-driving Car that is constructed entirely of Korean technology will be revealed for the first time in the world at Sangam, Seoul in June 2019. The genuine Connected Car (V2X, vehicle-to-everything) that connects the vehicle to everything in its surroundings through a high-speed, 5G communications network will race through Seouls public roads.	Seoul will open the Sangam Self-driving Festival with the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport on June 22, 2019 in Sangam where the worlds first 5G self-driving testbed is being constructed.	It is worth noting that the worlds first 5G-V2X self-driving collaboration technology will be debuted on public roads. In addition to Koreas successful commercialization of the worlds first 5G technology on April 3, 2019, the launch will introduce various technologies that fuse self-driving with future transportation.	This is the first time that the genuine Connected Car technology that connects vehicle-to-everything with cars through 5G will be made public. Unlike the technologically limited connection of vehicles to vehicles (V2V) and vehicles to infrastructures (V2I), the 5G and V2X technology that will be realized by Seoul and Samsung Electronics for the first time will connect vehicles to people (V2P) and vehicles to bicycles (V2B), both of which are essential for the commercialization of Connected Car.	On this day, the public can ride along on self-driving buses and passenger cars. Seven vehicles (four buses, three passenger cars) will run through World Cup Buk-ro (approx. 1.1 km) from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., and rides will be free with reservations made in advance. Reservations for the self-driving car rides will be available on the Seoul website (http://seoul.go.kr) and TOPIS website (http://topis.seoul.go.kr/) starting June 3 on a first come, first served basis.	Seoul will officially open the Sangam Self-driving Testbed in mid-July 2019, open the Self-driving Center to private businesses, and begin trial operations for the 5G self-driving bus."
"	With a total of 59,000 innovative startups created in the first quarter of 2019 in Korea, the highest number in history according to statistics, Seoul introduced, Testbed Seoul. The Testbed will test the performance and effects of new products and services born through innovative technologies, such as blockchain, fintech, and AI, in all Seoul government locations, verifying their feasibilities. The project will be applied throughout the municipal government, from public infrastructures to administrative systems on subways, roads, and Hangang River bridges and in city hospitals and underground shopping centers. 	Objects of participation are products and services in Seoul just before commercialization by small, medium, or venture businesses. The products and services can be tested for up to one year in various facilities and sites of businesses with investment and contribution organizations, such as the Seoul government office, Seoul Metro, and Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corporation, as well as receive support of up to KRW 500 million for verifying business expenses. 	Products with both performance and safety verified through these processes will be issued a performance certificate to be used as reference for domestic and overseas market expansion by each business. Furthermore, starting next year, Seoul will become a purchasing place for the introduction of innovative product purchasing for all organizations and departments, as well as for the application of the positive administration immunity system for active public purchases. 	The New Technology Portal (www.seoul-tech.com) of the Seoul Institute of Technology will open in June 2019. This is an online platform on which businesses that want to be a part of Testbed Seoul can apply at any time throughout the year.	Seoul will begin constructing Testbed Seoul this year, 2019, and invest a total of KRW 150 billion by 2023 to support the growth of over 1,000 innovative startups.	Test City Seoul will promote the expansion of public purchases regarding safety and performance-verified products and services through  regular 24-hour application through the online platform New Technology Portal,   speedy and fair evaluation by an expert evaluation committee,   provision of a testbed for up to one year and issuance of a performance certificate, and   verification. 	First, Testbed Seoul will go forward with the R&D support type for comprehensive support of business expenses and verification opportunity and the opportunity offer type through which the city will provide only the site for verification. Existing large business and mid-sized businesses can be classified as an opportunity offer type, and it is anticipated that this will increase utilization of innovative technologies. 	Second, applications submitted through the New Technology Portal will receive  comprehensive evaluation of a products innovativeness and safety through a two-step examination (document, interview) by an evaluation committee comprised of industrial and technological experts,  with the determination of final participating businesses and their products and services. For fair and expert evaluation, the city will form a pool of 200 expert judges in seven fields, including fintech, artificial intelligence, and biotechnology, for operation of an evaluation committee.	Third, the final selected businesses will establish plans with concerned departments (markets) in which the products and services will actually be used and begin an on-site verification process that can last up to one year. The department in charge will inspect and record product performance and matters in terms of malfunctions, which will be followed by an evaluation of the results at the end of the verification period and an issuance of a performance certificate. 	Each business can utilize the performance certificate to supplement product insufficiencies or to make upgrades to use as a reference for local and overseas market expansion. During the test period, the city will allow interested local and foreign buyers to visit the verification sites to use them as part of the marketing process. 	Fourth, Seoul will become the purchasing place of innovative products after the verification process comes to a close to support early market growth and outlet. For the development of an active purchasing culture, the city will reform the administrative process while holding events, such as the Testbed Expo (September) and Startup Pitching Day (monthly), to advertise innovative products. "
"	The Seoul International Forum in Air Quality Improvement 2019 was held this year at Seoul City Hall. The Forum sought measures for cooperation and sharing policies and expertise in order to find a solution to the particulate matter problem in Asia between major Asian cities, Korean and foreign air quality experts, and officials from the international environment field. 	The 2019 Forum was the ninth to be held, with participation by 35 cities (21 cities from 5 foreign countries) from a total of 6 countries, including China, Japan, Mongolia, Vietnam, and Singapore, the largest in scale in the Forums history. With emphasized cooperation by Korea and China for the reduction of particulate matter, a grand total of 16 cities from China took part in the Forum. 	At a point in time with an emphasis on a Korea-China channel regarding the recent levels of particulate matter and on multilateral cooperation between the two countries, Seoul plans to expand its range of cooperation with other participating cities, not only with Beijing, the existing cooperative channel and the Chinese city with the largest scale of participation. 	On May 22, 2019, the first day of the Forum, Isabelle Louis, Regional Director and Representative for the UN Environment Asia and the Pacific Office, opened the event with a keynote address. 	At the first session on Vehicle Emissions Reduction Policies, Seoul presented and shared its Network Measures for Living Rights that was recently announced regarding restricted vehicle operation in green transportation areas (to be implemented on July 1, 2019), the vehicle low-pollution project, and the electric bus supply.	The last session on Urban Forest for Clean Air was planned for the first time at the 2019 Forum upon reflection of a proposal for the necessity of an urban forest session at the Air Quality Improvement Forum, as city forests play a huge role in the reduction of particulate matter, offered by a citizen during the Q&A session at last years forum. 	On May 23, the second day, there was a center for discussion between international air quality organizations, members of citizen groups, and officials from major Korean, Chinese, and Japanese cities. The discussion addressed in-depth cooperation between cities and citizen-participatory plans. 	This forum was an eco-friendly forum that minimized use of plastics and disposable goods. In place of paper program books and leaflets, online speaker information, programs, and presentation materials were available through QR codes posted throughout the venue. Participants were provided with nametags made from reusable bands and recycled paper, and beverages were offered in multi-purpose cups. 	More information on programs and speakers can be found on the Seoul International Forum on Air Quality Improvement 2019 website (http://www.airforumseoul.com), and inquiries can be made to the Secretariat (airforumseoul@kimexgroup.co.kr, 82-2-6952-0653)."
"	Seoul received the great honor of being awarded the UN Public Service Award (UNPSA) for the Public Sanitary Pad Support Policy that took effect in 2016 for the amelioration of womens health rights. On May 22, 2019, Seoul was awarded the 2019 UNPSA by the UN Department of Economic and Social Affairs (UNDESA) for its policy on Public Sanitary Pad Support.	Seoul was awarded the UNPSA in 2010 for the Womens Happiness Project, in 2011 for the Self-Empowerment Program for Runaway Teenage Women, in 2013 for the Initiative for Single Women Household, and in 2015 for the Womens Safety Metropolitan City. With this fifth UNPSA award, the city has reaffirmed its excellence surrounding womens policy in the international society, in addition to continuing its reputation as a women-friendly city. 	Of the five UNPSA categories, the Public Sanitary Pad Support Policy was awarded within the category of Promoting gender-responsive delivery of public services, and it is a project for the promotion of womens health rights that Seoul has actively pushed for since 2016. 	In order to tightly secure basic sex and health rights for teenagers of the low-income bracket who struggle with health issues during this period of crucial growth, Seoul began support of sanitary pads starting in 2016. 	In October 2018, the city first introduced the Public Facility Emergency Sanitary Pad Dispenser Project to support the health rights of women who suddenly begin menstruation or unprepared women who do not have sanitary pads while out in public. 	Starting in June 2019, the emergency sanitary pad locations will be increased from 11 to 160 locations. The 160 facilities, including 54 youth centers, youth health education centers, youth cultural centers, and other youth facilities, 18 libraries, 42 welfare centers, 9 museums, and  37 healthy family and multicultural family support centers. Locations with the emergency sanitary pad dispensers can be found on the Smart Seoul Map (http://map.seoul.go.kr). 	The 2019 UN Public Service Forum and Awards Ceremony will take place in Baku, Azerbaijan from June 24-26, 2019. Seoul will take part in the UNPSA ceremony and forum to share cases of the citys excellent policies and also produce a manual with policies that have been verified by the UN to offer to undeveloped cities. Seoul plans to contribute to the development of cities worldwide through the introduction of the Seoul-type policy models. "
"	Seoul Drum Festival, Seouls representative performing arts festival that was held for the first time in 1999, will be held for the 21st time this year from May 24 to 25 in Seoul Plaza with the slogan, One passion! Lets go, Seoul Drum Festival!	The Seoul Drum Festival first began as a percussion festival, offering the familiar sounds of drums and percussion instruments seasoned with different rhythms and performances that transcend language, race, and national boundaries, for people of all ages to enjoy. 	The 2019 Seoul Drum Festival will move away from exhibitions and experience booths that are catered only to drum fans. This year there will be many more participatory programs in which all citizens can participate and enjoy, allowing people of all ages to enjoy drums and percussion instruments in Seoul Plaza. 	On the first day of the festival, May 24, from 19:00 to 19:50, there will be special performances by seventeen teams that were selected through a fierce judging process at the Seoul Drum Festivals exclusive program, the National Drum Contest.	On both May 24 and 25 from 20:00-22:00 at the stage in Seoul Plaza, there will be sensational music and performances by highly talented local and foreign drummers (three foreign teams, six local teams). Seoul invites the public to enjoy an exciting Friday and Saturday night with energetic performances by top artists whose performances are hard to find in Korea. Furthermore, this years festival will feature the Network Party for famous local and foreign drummers to directly communicate with citizens and the Drum Workshop for the public to speak with instrument experts. The 2019 Seoul Drum Festival is free and open to the public. More information on the festival can be found on the festival website (www.seouldrum.go.kr). Other inquiries can be made to the office of operations (070-7462-1109). "
"	Starting May 22, 2019, 23 of Seouls premium airport limousine bus lines will lower their fees by KRW 1,000 with the use of transportation cards.	With the use of a transportation card, discounted rates will be applied to ticketing for the RF terminals at Incheon International Airport, as well as when tapping transportation cards upon boarding the airport buses. However, discounts will not be applied for bus fees paid in cash and the existing fee will be applied.	Inquiries"
"	Seoul Science Center, a place to encounter scientific principles in everyday life and enjoy science, hosted the 3rd Science Festival in celebration of the Centers two-year anniversary since its establishment. As Seouls first youth science center, Seoul Science Center has been visited by a total of 435,424 visitors, as of now. 	The 2019 3rd Science Festival was held from May 18-19, 2019 with the theme, Enjoying a science festival at the Science Center. The Center hosted various programs, from the science experience booth, to the smart technology experience, lectures, special exhibitions, and performances. 	The event was organized of events and programs such as,  the Experience Street at the Science Plaza,  a lecture on science stories and environmental issues,  a smart technology experience booth with Apple Korea,  a science experiment class and special commentary,  the Science Center Stamp Tour for the whole family,  a viewing of an environmental documentary and exhibition of students works, and  the Science Magic Show and Golden Bell.	Seoul Science Center	Hours of operation: Tuesday  Sunday, 09:30  17:30 (closed January 1, Lunar New Year, Chuseok)"
"	On May 17, 2019 (Fri.), Seoul hosted the Foreign Investment Advisory Council (FIAC) Meeting, a meeting comprised of overseas investment business CEOs, consultants, lawyers, and professionals from various circles, at the Westin Chosun Seoul.The FIAC is an advisory group that was formed by Seoul in 1999 for the revitalization and attraction of foreign investors that contributes to the growth of Seoul through the attraction of investments, construction of startup ecosystems, and consultation on municipal matters.After its establishment in 1999, the FIAC held 49 meetings (as of May 2019) and has addressed matters such as, a global financial hub take-off, plans for attracting global, local headquarters, plans for attracting investments and revitalization of Magok, plans for DMC revitalization, and implementation plans for the global, top 5 startup cities.It was concluded that Seoul must essentially and preliminarily maintain its status as a global testbed city where innovative businesses and talented individuals gather and where bold challenges are made in a time of endless global competitions.At this meeting, Seoul received advice from members, including fifteen global investors, on projects such as the Seoul Global Challenge and Testbed Seoul that the city is promoting to heighten its status as an innovative city and to foster the growth of innovative businesses."
"	Seoul will be recruiting members for the 4th ISEOULU Friends citizen-oriented publicity group from May 17-30. ISEOULU Friends began operation in 2016 and selects members annually. The group is made and managed by citizens to construct a city brand image, and last year, a total of 15 teams and 149 members were selected for the groups activities. 	The ISEOULU Friends program conducts activities both online and offline to spread and promote the value, philosophy, and charms of the Seoul brand through the members autonomous planning. ISEOULU Friends plans and makes content that combine Seouls main policies with tourist attractions in order to induce awareness and response surrounding the identity and value of the Seoul brand, which are coexistence, passion, and leisure. In order to increase citizens awareness of the Seoul brand, the members will plan and lead large-scale, citizen-participatory campaigns (events). 	Anyone with interest in the Seoul brand can apply to ISEOULU Friends, and this year, the city will recruit members for the ISEOULU Friends Family group to increase participation by family units, including students and regular citizens. ISEOULU Friends Family will perform simple, everyday missions to promote the Seoul brand and members will support ISEOULU Friends through voluntary participation in activities. Both teams and individuals can apply for ISEOULU Friends and individuals will be grouped into teams or conduct independent activities, according to each individuals qualities and areas of interest, with the support of Seoul city. 	A fixed activity cost will be provided for members, as well as publicity items necessary for activities. Those who produce excellent activity results will receive commendation from the Mayor of Seoul, as well as an activity certificate. 	The application for ISEOULU Friends/Family can be downloaded on the Seoul website (Korean version) under News and submissions can be emailed to the administrative office (iseoulu4@gmail.com).	 Activity motto: Seoul brand made by us, ISEOULU	 Activity period: June  October, 2019 (5 months)	 Activity details	  ISEOULU Friends: general citizens	  ISEOULU Friends/Family: family unit"
"	Seoullo 7017 celebrated the second year since its opening on May 20, 2019. During the two years since its opening, a total of 16.7 million citizens and tourists have visited Seoullo 7017 (as of April 30, 2019), which amounts to an average of approximately 20,000 visitors per day. Moreover, Seoullo 7017 has also received a great amount of attention, not only domestically but also internationally. The opening of Seoullo 7017 was announced in the UKs The Guardian, Americas CNN, and The Financial Times, in addition to being selected as one of the 100 Must-Visit Tourist Spots of Korea 2019-2020 by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism. Seoullo 7017 was also designated as one of the Worlds Greatest Places in the August 2018 issue of TIME magazine. 	According to a survey conducted by Seoullo 7017, visitors sought out Seoullo 7017 mostly in order to take rests and go for walks. At Seoullo 7017, there are 287 types of plants of 50 different species that create a garden within the city, offering a space for rest. 	Since its opening, Seoullo 7017 has constantly formed partnerships for mutual support between local businesses. In addition to jointly publicized activities with local merchants, Seoullo initiated activities for local residents and program support while contributing to this park culture that stretches out into neighboring alleyways. 	Shops in the vicinity of Seoul Station, where Seoullo 7017 is located, continue to undergo high-spirited changes. At old existing shops such as car centers and drivers diners in Malli-dong and Jungnim-dong, young bosses have opened trendy dessert shops, pubs, and cafes. 	Seoullo 7017s Pedestrian Roads hold year-round festivals and programs that reflect its identity. Festivals include path-themed parades, busking relay performances, flower exhibitions, live talk shows, and walkathons, as well as programs such as the Seoullo School and Seoullo Story Classroom in which people of all ages can participate. 	In celebration of the second year since Seoullo 7017s opening, Seoullo Story will be open on May 19 (Sun.) from 14:00-19:00 and on May 21 (Tues.) from 17:00-21:00 on the upper overpass and in Malli-dong Plaza with a citizens market, performances, and citizens talk show. During this time, Seoullo 7017 will also be hosting various free events in which the public can participate. For more information on Seoullos two-year anniversary event, Seoullo Story, and other programs, visit the Seoullo website (seoullo7017.seoul.go.kr). "
"	The Seoul Marathon, co-sponsored by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and Dong-A Ilbo, was awarded the International Association of Athletics Federation (IAAF) World Athletics Heritage Plaque at the opening event in Yokohama, Japan, on May 10, 2019. The Seoul Marathon is the first marathon in Asia and the third in the world, following marathons in Boston, U.S.A., and Athens, Greece, to be selected as a full-course marathon. 	The World Athletics Heritage Plaque was established by Olympic gold medalist and IAAF President, Sebastian Coe, to commemorate the astounding memories and moments of a 3000-year athletics history, while the plaque honors the competitions and landmarks that contribute to the growth and history of athletics. 	As Koreas one and only Gold Label Road Race, the Seoul Marathon celebrates its 90th anniversary this year following its establishment in 1931. The Seoul Marathon that unfolds at the heart of Seoul splits into a full course for elite marathoners, as well as a 10-km course, to promote healthy participation among the public, addition to a marathon festival with over 40,000 participants annually. 	A total of 139 local and foreign marathoners and 38,000 participants (with 20,000 in the full course, 15,000 in the 10-km course, and 3,000 in the relay) from 66 countries took part in the Seoul Marathon on March 17, 2019. 	The Seoul Marathon acquired the Gold Label for ten consecutive years as of this year, with its sights set on obtaining the Platinum Label, one level beyond the gold, in the coming year."
"	In light of International Museum Day (May 18), Seoul will designate the week of May 14 (Tues.) to May 19 (Sun.) as the 2019 Seoul Museum Week during which various programs will be available to citizens.	The 2019 Seoul Museum Week will introduce Seouls lesser-known museums and art museums to the public, offering an opportunity for new discoveries and visits."
"	The main events will include, Visiting Museums and Art Museums alongside The Museum Shuttle service that Curators, Walking to Museums and Art Museums, Sticker Tour, and 10 Thousand Museums, 10 Thousand Colors, Seouls Museums and Art Museums. A free shuttle bus service will be available for easy access to the major museums.	The Visiting Museums and Art Museums alongside Curators program will consist of four differently-themed, 2-hour courses that will be operated twice a day at 10:00 and 14:00 on the 18th and 19th. Reservations can be made on a first-come, first-served basis starting at 10 a.m. on May 14 at Seouls Reservation for Public Service website (yeyak.seoul.go.kr)."
"	The Seoul Metropolitan Archives, a storage space for Seouls memories and records, will officially open its doors on May 15, 2019. The Archives will not only manage and preserve municipal records that have been preserved for over thirty years and civil records that carry great public value, but also develop the Archives into a cultural heritage organization in citizens everyday lives. Here, citizens will be able to easily access data of choice and experience, firsthand, the preservation process of records. 	Just as the proper management of records by the management agency of the Archives is the foundation to providing complete and accurate information and records to the public, Seoul Metropolitan Archives plans to grow into an international archive that improves the dignity of the capitals 2000-year history."
"	The Seoul Metropolitan Archives is a local permanent archives management agency founded in accordance with the Act on the Management of Public Archives. As the top archives management agency rooted in the law, Seoul Metropolitan Archives will thoroughly preserve Seouls memories and records to oversee the management of Seouls records for future generations.	Under the perception that access to public records should not be exclusive to just one individual or a group or individuals, but rather should be open to the public, as they are public property to be passed on to future generations for a better future, Seoul became the first autonomous group to begin the construction of the Seoul Metropolitan Archives in April 2016 for an official launch on May 15, 2019. 	The Seoul Metropolitan Archives is composed of two underground floors and five above-ground floors for a total area of 15,004, possessing the equipment and capacity of a scale comparable to that of the National Archives of Korea.	The Seoul Metropolitan Archives will be operated with  the Special Preservation Space,  the Citizen Participation Space, and  the Document Work Space. Special Preservation Space (B1-B2): This space is home to essential documents, photos, images, and objects that testify to the history of the city, from Seouls land-related documents dating back to the early 1910s to electronic documents produced in the 2000s. The space also permanently manages over one million items, including predictions of records that are anticipated to be produced in the next thirty years. Furthermore, there is a library of paper documents along with a library with visual and auditory data under scientific and systematic management for the preservation of all archives in optimal environments. Citizen Participation Space (1F-3F): This space will be operated under the concept of Story + Sharing Archives, where visitors can experience Seouls stories through records. In addition to the Reading Room where visitors can freely discover records, there will also be the Record Exhibition Hall that explains the significance of archives and the Open Library that offers a firsthand look into the preservation process.  Document Work Space (4F): This space has a Record Restoration Room where professionals restore damaged records, in addition to the Visual and Auditory Records Handling Room and the Electronic and Magnetic Media Workroom where documents and visual and auditory data are permanently preserved via technology. 	Information on Seoul Metropolitan Archives"
"	Hours of Operation: Tuesday-Sunday, 10:00-17:00 (closed January 1, Lunar New Year, Chuseok)"
"	Seven years after the beginning of the revitalization of the Gyeongchun Line (Railroad) Forest project by Seoul in 2013, the entire 6-km section of the forest has been completely connected to allow for uninterrupted walking. 	Following the three sectional openings, the city completed the connection of the final 0.4-km section (from the entrance of Seoul National University of Science & Technology to the Gongdeok 2 Railway Crossing and Happy Housing office) that was left incomplete due to the construction of the Happy Housing office. The completed Gyeongchun Line (Railroad) Forest is now officially and fully open to the public. 	The Gyeongchun Line (Railroad) Forest was transformed into a green park through Seouls Urban Regeneration Project of the abandoned Gyeongchun Line site following the discontinuance of the use of the railway in December of 2010. The old railroad track and structure was preserved while utilizing traces of the railway to plant flowers and trees for the creation of a forest line. 	The newly opened section will be home to a photo exhibition incorporating the opening processes of the entire Gyeongchun Line (Railroad) Forest section. The exhibition will feature images of the Gyeongchun Line (Railroad) from its first installment in 1936, to its closing in 2010, and its transformation into a forest. 	Each section of the Gyeongchun Line (Railroad) Forest has a special quality and charm. The first section hosted the transformation of a house into a caf, to become a space of meeting and communication among residents. The second section is a park created by citizens that contains a vegetable garden and various trees. The third section consists of a railroad track in the forest where visitors can take quiet walks together with the history of the old Hwarangdae. "
"	Israels economic capital of Tel Aviv, that has come to the forefront as the worlds finest startup city, will form a friendly relationship with Seoul, as well as a cooperative relationship. This is Seouls first friendly relationship with a city in Israel and the third with a city in the Middle East, after Tehran, Iran and Muscat, Oman. 	Mayor Park Won-soon, who is currently visiting Tel Aviv, Israel, met with Mayor Ron Huldai at Tel Aviv City Hall to conclude an MOU on friendly exchanges and cooperation between Seoul and Tel Aviv.	With the Friendly City Agreement, the two cities will cooperate on improving the startup ecosystem, as well as in areas of innovative startups, culture and tourism, smart city, traffic, social innovation, shared economy, and sustainable development. 	With Seouls current focus on innovative startups under the key strategy of changing the economic map in the future, the citys new partnership with Tel Aviv, a global startup city that houses a concentration of 70% of Israels high-tech industries, will aim to fortify the construction of Seouls innovative startup ecosystem. 	Tel Aviv is the heart of the countrys economy, located along Israels western Mediterranean coast. Though it was once a small port city, Tel Aviv began to see full-scale development with the migration of individuals of Jewish background to the area in 1909. 	The city became one of the worlds top startup cities with its implementation of various policies for the attraction of foreign investors and businesses, and provision of optimal working environments for early startups. The city understands that Mayor Ron Huldai, who has been mayor of Tel Aviv since 1998 for five consecutive terms, has played a significant role in the citys growth. The population of Tel Aviv, that once recorded a forty-year negative growth, has now experienced a 10% increase in growth during Mayor Ron Huldais terms in office. 	Mayor Park Won-soon visited FutuRx, Israels biotech, innovative startup incubator, to discuss cooperative measures with the Hongneungs Seoul Biohub, the base location for the fostering of Seouls biotech industries."
"	Seoul will be introducing three walking courses (Deoksugung Palace  Jeong-dong Course, Mongchontoseong Fortress Course, Seoullo Night Course) to the citys already-existing 33 walking tour courses.	The first course, the Deoksugung Palace  Jeong-dong Course, starts at Deoksugung Palace and travels along the tranquil stone wall path, passing the Seoul Museum of Art, the Chungdong First Methodist Church, and the Former Russian Legation (2.3 km, 2-hour course) for a tour of Koreas modern, present-day history. The second course, the Mongchontoseong Fortress Course, is themed around the history and nature of Baekje, following a path that passes by the Pungnaptoseong Fortress, Mongchontoseong, the Peace Plaza, and the Seoul Baekje Museum (4 km, 2-hour, 30-minute course) for spiritual healing in the city. The last course, the Seoullo Night Course, offers a view of the beautiful, natural scenery of Seouls representative tourist attraction, Namsan Mountain, from Seoullo to Hanyangdoseong (Seoul City Wall), Baekbeom Plaza, and Sungnyemun Gate (2 km, 2-hour course)."
"	Seoul currently operates 33 Seoul Walking Tour Courses with cultural tour guides. Reservations can be made for free at the Seoul Walking Tour website (http://korean.visitseoul.net/walking-tour), with guides available in four languages (Korean, English, Japanese, and Chinese)."
"	In an effort to become a safer city, Seoul will be hosting the 2019 Safe Seoul Festival at the Yeouido Park Culture Plaza for three days, from May 9-11, 2019.	This year, with the theme, A place of safety and sympathy where all generations can participate together, the Safe Seoul Festival will begin on May 9 with an opening event, comprehensive safety experience programs, and safety cultural events. The festival will offer theme-related programs and events until May 11.	The 2019 Safe Seoul Festival will greet the public, offering safety experience programs that all generations can understand. The festival will have comprehensive safety experiences that address fires, traffic, life, the environment, and the prevention of particulate matter, which has recently become a growing societal problem. The cultural event will incorporate a safety cultural event through which all generations can fully comprehend safety, private-public emergency relief training in preparation for disasters, and an international seminar that aims to be a hub for sharing safe, global policies. The festival will proceed as a cultural event offering safety-sympathizing experiences of various forms for all ages.	There will be a total of 86 safety experience programs in five different categories. The five categories include  17 fire safety programs,  11 traffic safety programs,  18 living safety programs,  18 car experience programs, and  22 societal programs.	The festival will also be hosting smaller activities for citizens to enjoy. During the festival, at noon, there will be concerts, as well as a hot air balloon experience, cafes and food trucks, a fire-fighter musical, and an animation character parade."
"	Mayor Park Won-soon of Seoul met with Londons Mayor Sadiq Khan at London City Hall. The two mayors discussed cooperative measures regarding the growth of innovative startups, a topic of interest common to both cities, as well as the fintech industry, attraction of foreign investments, and improvement of air quality. 	The two mayors first shared the current states of the Environment-friendly Car Rating System that both cities have promoted to reduce particulate matter, and then agreed to continue their internationally cooperative relationship to solve the problem of air quality. 	Following this joint declaration, Seoul took the lead in introducing an environment-friendly rating system by offering a strong governmental proposal. The citys Metropolitan Council then passed eight bills, including the Special Act on Fine Dust Reduction and Management, that were enforced starting in February 2019 through various policies. Seoul is currently the only city in the nation to implement operational restrictions on five-grade vehicles after the official announcement of emergency reduction measures. Furthermore, the city plans to enforce a trial project of regular operational restrictions on five-grade gas emission vehicles in green traffic areas as part of its traffic demand management in consideration of the atmospheric environment. 	London was the first major city in the world to jointly declare and begin enforcement of the Ultra Low Emission Zone (ULEZ) policy for restrictions on vehicle operations in order to solve the chronic problem of air quality in the city. 	Furthermore, Mayor Park Won-soon and Mayor Sadiq Khan sought to compose cooperative measures in the economic field. Seoul has made economy revival its key project with the completion of the seventh popular elections and focuses on revitalizing urban industries and the citys capabilities when it comes to innovative startups. London has promoted a change in its economic paradigm through recent innovative growth amid difficult interior and exterior conditions such as Brexit. 	The meeting between Mayor Park and Mayor Khan is their first meeting in two years after Mayor Parks visit to London in 2017. At the first meeting, the two mayors discussed various exchange and cooperative plans based on their commonality as mayors who have responded to climate changes, taken the lead in social integration and innovation following their inauguration into office as human rights lawyers and members of civic organizations, and concluded an agreement that paved the way for cooperation in nine areas including economic democratization."
"	Mayor Park Won-soon will be making visits in the Middle East and Europe from May 1-8, 2019. This will be his first visit to the Middle East in six years after his visit to the United Arab Emirates (UAE) in 2013. He will visit the three cities of Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, London, England, and Tel Aviv, Israel. The keywords theming this round of visits is Innovative Startups. Mayor Park Won-soon presented startups as the solution to reviving the economy, a project emphasized by the municipal government. This time, he will make his very first visit to Israel, a global startup nation that has created the worlds number one cyber security business. Mayor Park will meet with important figures to actively seek advice on policies and ideas for creating an ecosystem for Seoul, a city open to startups, as well as to propose exchanges and collaborations with Seouls businesses. A friendly city agreement will be concluded with Tel Aviv, the economic center of Israel, thus opening a gateway seeking exchanges, collaborations, and cooperation in various areas, including Israels forte, innovative startups.The two-night, three-day visit to London will take place during the UK Fintech Week, which will stress Seouls sales in London, a global financial center. Mayor Park Won-soon will take the stand at the Seoul Investor Relations (IR).In the UAE, the mayor will meet with high-ranking officials of the UAE government, as follow-up measures of the MOU was concluded between Seoul and the UAE Ministry of Climate Change and Environment at the Korea-UAE Summit in February 2019. This visit is being made in order to offer a concrete proposal for the formation of a UAE-customized Upcycling Landmark."
"	Seouls first botanical park, Seoul Botanic Park, will officially open its doors on May 1 after concluding its trial operation."
All zones of the greenhouse (Tropical and Mediterranean Zones) that were closed for two months from March 2019 due to inside supplementation will be open to the public starting at 9:30 a.m. on May 1. The Marsh Park, one of the four sections of the garden (Forest Field, Botanic Garden, Lake Garden, Marsh Park), that was previously closed due to preparatory work will open on the same day, allowing for full use of the entire 504,000  area.The gardens currently-owned 3,100 types of plants will be expanded to 8,000 types to actively collect plants and actively promote institutional exchange, research, and propagation with the goal of becoming Koreas representative city-type botanical garden. The greenhouse will feature the Victoria lily that was first discovered by the Amazon River, a wild tree that grows in Queensland, Australia, an olive tree brought in from Spain, and other rare plants that are difficult to find in Korea and that are also in line with the exhibition concept of plants from twelve cities around the world. Seoul Botanic Park is a Botanical Garden + Park within a space that is the first to be introduced in the country under the concept of an organic fusion of park and botanical garden.The four spaces of the garden include the Forest Field,  Botanic Garden, Lake Garden, and Marsh Park. Starting from the opening day on May 1, the Theme Garden will be in operation from 9:30 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. for a small fee, and the park areas (Forest Field, Lake Garden, Marsh Park) will be open year-round (24 hours) at no charge. The Botanic Garden can be accessed at KRW 5,000 for adults, KRW 3,000 for teens, and KRW 2,000 for children. Through Seoul Botanic Park, the city plans to develop plant culture, take the lead in plant diversification research, establish a citizen-participatory park culture, and realize the value of a growing botanical garden. General botanical gardens aim for plant research and preservation, but Seoul Botanic Park considers the improvement of plant culture in citizens lives as an important project and plans to focus on providing citizens various experiences related to plants. Seoul Botanic Park website: botanicpark.seoul.go.kr
"	Seoul will further extend its urban marketing with the Korea International Broadcasting Foundations Arirang TV, which is viewed by nearly 140 million households in 105 countries throughout the world in Asia, Europe, the Americas, and Oceania. 	For example, Seouls excellent policies or information on lifestyle, culture, travel, and events that are helpful to foreigners will be broadcasted, as news, in English to viewers around the globe through Arirang TVs overseas broadcasts and on SNS channels. A special program introducing Seoul will be produced utilizing the global network held by Arirang TV to promote telecasting on influential television media in England and America. A Seoul publicity video starring globally recognized celebrities will be made to introduce to the world the harmony of tradition and modernity found in Seoul.	On April 29, 2019, Seoul concluded the Seoul-International Broadcasting Foundation MOU on Overseas Publicity to launch the overseas, partnered marketing.	Both parties agreed to five areas of cooperation:  support for overseas joint publicity and marketing activities for Seoul,  production and expansion of English news programs,  co-production and support for publicity and news programs,  provision of data and information for broadcast production related to publicity and provision of production benefits, and  provision of a discounted rate in advertisement inserts and sharing of mutually retained resources. 	Furthermore, in addition to joint marketing with the Korea International Broadcasting Foundation, Seoul plans to begin global marketing projects with production and expansion of online and offline urban publicity and advertising contents in Southeast Asia, where there is higher recognition of Seoul, and to publicize Seoul at festivals in major cities around the world. "
"	With the opening of the 2019 Yeon Deung Hoe (Lotus Lantern Festival), Seoul will close off all lanes from the Sejong-daero Intersection to the Heunginjimun Gate, and Jangchungdan-ro, in stages, from 1:00 p.m. on May 4 to 3:00 a.m. on May 5, 2019 for the lantern parade and movement of movable Jongno Central Bus Stop. 	Yeon Deung Hoe (Lotus Lantern Festival), National Intangible Cultural Heritage No. 122, will open throughout Jogyesa Temple on Ujeongguk-ro and in Jongno for three days, from May 3  5, 2019. This year, Seoul will host the Exhibition of Traditional Lanterns (along Cheonggyecheon Stream), Eoulim Madang (Dongguk Univ.), Lantern Parade (throughout Jongno), Hoehyang Hanmadang (Jonggak Intersection), and other various cultural events. 	Yeon Deung Hoe is Koreas traditional cultural lantern festival that has been passed down for 1,200 years from Unified Silla. It was designated as National Intangible Cultural Heritage No. 122 in 2012. Additionally, the Yeon Deung Hoe Preservation Committee has sponsored Yeon Deung Hoe while training successors in order to pass down and preserve Yeon Deung Hoe, and opening traditional lantern production classes, international symposiums, and more. 	The main event, Lantern Parade, will take place on May 4 from 7:00 p.m. to 9:30 p.m., starting at Heunginjimun Gate and ending at Jogyesa Temple. This years parade will take place with the theme, Lighting Up Seoul with a Parade of 100,000 Lanterns. Anyone can participate in the Lantern Parade and watch the parade from viewing sections installed along Jongno. 	At the end of the Lantern Parade, between 9:30 p.m. and 11:00 p.m. on May 4, the Hoehyang Hanmadang will take place at the Jonggak Intersection. Those who participate in the Lantern Parade can join together to enjoy flowers raining from the sky, along with Ganggangsulae, Daedong Nori, and more.	On May 5, there will be 120 booths of traditional cultural events in front of Jogyesa Temple. These events will consist of various experiential programs for children and the whole family in light of Childrens Day. 	Seoul will be running inspections of facilities related to the Jongno central bus lanes and carry out Jongno Central Bus Station movement work for safe operation of the Lantern Parade. These preventative measures will be taken as large-scale participation by various age groups, from young children to the old and weak, is expected in this years Lantern Parade.	Bus routes that pass through Jongno will be in operation, but will be making detours. Those wishing to move through Jongno will need to stop at a nearby bus stop and walk or take the subway, as bus stops in the parade section will be closed."
"	The Seoul Danurim Tourism Center will open its doors to offer comprehensive tourism activity support for the disabled, elderly, and other citizens who experience difficulty getting around due to physical limitations. Seoul will open the Seoul Danurim Tourism Center that provides all services related to barrier-free tourism. 	Seoul plans to satisfy all tourism demands of the travel-weak through the Seoul Danurim Tourism Center, which opens this week, in addition to providing a universal environment for the travel-weak to experience the joys of travel, anytime and anywhere. The Seoul Danurim Tourism Center is expected to help Seoul grow into a city that is convenient for traveling.  	In order to realize this, the city will offer barrier-free tourism information on the Seoul Darnurim Tourism website (http://www.seouldanurim.net), as well as a one-stop service that will offer customized travel counseling and reservation services for the travel-weak. The city will operate the Seoul City Bus that is equipped with wheelchair ramps, accommodative services such as the wheelchair and auxiliary device rental service, information accessibility, and improved physical environments. 	Furthermore, Seoul will construct a cooperative system with related local and foreign organizations for cooperation and the sharing of related information, to provide awareness-increasing manual development and supply of tourism personnel for such increase of social awareness, and to aim for the expansion of a base for the revitalization of barrier-free tourism."
"	On April 26, 2019 at 7 p.m., the Cultural Seoul Plaza will return. As a representative program of Seoul Plaza that presents a variety of cultural and artistic performances to citizens and tourists, the Cultural Seoul Plaza will greet visitors until October of this year, offering better and richer programs than last year. The Cultural Seoul Plaza first began in 2015 and has provided opportunities for citizens to enjoy leisure along with cultural arts in their everyday lives with special performances of various genres, including classical music, gugak (traditional Korean national music), circus, and more. The Cultural Seoul Plaza is hosted every year at the Seoul Plaza special stage from May to October. As of 2018, a total of 246 performances have been held with a total of 280,000 spectators. On days when performances are not scheduled at the Cultural Seoul Plaza, the stage will operate as a Citizens Lounge, on which a photo zone and piano will be installed. Visitors can rest, use the photo zone, or freely play the piano on this citizen-friendly stage. This year, special performances will open the 2019 Cultural Seoul Plaza. Global vocalist Paul Potts, soprano Kim Soon-young, and the Millennium Symphony Orchestra that has been recognized for its performances in collaboration with world-class soloists, will all take the stage together to offer a fantastic show. At this 80-minute performance, which will be held from 7 p.m. to 8:20 p.m., visitors will have the opportunity to listen to opera classics that are usually hard to encounter, film soundtracks that are enjoyed by people of all ages, and plenty of other orchestra performances. Information on the 2019 Cultural Seoul Plazas opening ceremony, schedule, and guest appearances can be found on the Cultural Seoul Plaza website (www.cultureseoul.co.kr), and additional inquiries can be made to the Seoul Culture Policy Division (82-2-2133-2541). "
"	In order to manage the cleanliness of the Hangang Park, a popular resting place for global citizens, Seoul will officially implement the Hangang Park Cleanliness Improvement Measures. First, the city will enforce the Standard Bag Name System for waste produced by businesses in Hangang Park. The Standard Bag Name System will be introduced to separate trash produced by Hangang Parks kiosks, camping grounds, and other businesses for the efficient management of recyclables. The Clean-Up Guidelines will also be presented at various events held throughout Hangang Park. 	With such implementations, Hangang Park will designate and operate the Permitted Shade Canopy/Tent Sections throughout the park. Shade canopies and tents are one of the methods for hanging out enjoyed by citizens, but it is becoming a hotbed of damaged greens and waste production. 	Due to the rising concerns about inappropriate behavior in public locations, Permitted Shade Canopy/Tent Installment Sections will be selected in which two sides of the canopy or tent must be open at all times and must be taken down after 7 p.m. Failure to comply with such regulations will result in a fine of KRW 1 million in accordance with the River Act. 	There will be thirteen permitted shade canopy/tent installment sections in the eleven parks of the Hangang River (two at Yeouido, two at Banpo). Each shade canopy or tent must be under 2 m x 2 m with at least two sides open at all times. Hours of permitted operation are from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. Starting on April 22, 2019, Seoul will implement a guide and offer instructions for canopy/tent installments and will take regulatory measures in unavoidable cases. 	Flyers will be posted on Delivery Zone Bulletin Boards. The two delivery zones at Hangang Park and the five in other parks (two in Ttukseom, three in Yeouido) will operate as places where citizens can receive their food orders in order to prevent motorcycle accidents in the park. The Designated Bulletin Boards will be installed to prevent the increase of reckless and unpermitted distribution of flyers by competing businesses. 	Along with these measures, trash will be removed more promptly as the cleaning time gaps of cleaning businesses will be minimized. During the parks peak season, more clean-up personnel will be added to increase the number of waste removal times from three to four times a day. The clean-up personnel will also see a switch to flexible working hours in order to minimize the amount of waste that is generated at nighttime and left until the next morning. Seoul plans to utilize SNS, and online and offline media to encourage participation and to find a consensus between citizens. "
