The Seoul Metropolitan Governments (SMG) International Cooperation Division is hosting the Forum for Sharing Urban Policies for Sustainable Development, slated for June 8 through June 10. The forum will be held at the Multipurpose Hall on the 8th floor of Seoul City Hall, with 300 people in attendance including 100 city officials of foreign countries, experts from international organizations like UNHABITAT and UNESCAP, and urban affairs experts.Attendees will discuss urban policies and share exemplary experiences concerning diverse areas like e-government, water supply, sewage system, urban planning, environment, transportation, and urban safety.The event is being held jointly with the UNESCAP and CityNet (The Regional Network of Local Authorities for the Management of Human Settlements) to discuss how to put into practice sustainable development goals (SDGS) agreed to by the heads of 190 countries at the UN in September 2015 and how to cooperate with each other at a city level.It is expected that attendees will introduce their diverse urban policies, technologies, and knowhow during the event and that the program for sharing the SMGs successful policies with cities in other countries will be accelerated during the event.
Established in February 2015, the Happiness Plus Center for the Developmentally Disabled, the first center for adults with developmental disability in Korea, is supporting jobs and recreation for the developmentally disabled after a year.According to the records of the center over a year, 313 citizens used its services, which include vocational rehabilitation facilities, life-long education programs, and temporary protection services, with a total of 2,819 times.It is thought that this small-sized facility can accommodate many disabled individuals because the demands for distinguished services, such as life-long education and temporary protection services were analyzed through five meetings with experts and protectors of the disabled in order to establish its system.In the Happiness Plus Protection Workshop on the first floor, individuals with disabilities are working or training to produce agricultural products. The disabled can participate in the entire process of the production and the tasks are suitable for them in terms of both emotional and social aspects.The Self-Support Center on the second floor conducts Future Life Plan for the Disabled sessions for the protectors on housing, laws, income, leisure, and cultural activities to prepare for the future in addition to providing a lifelong education for the disabled.The temporary residence on the third floor provides 24-hour care service for up to five days at a time, 30 days a year when a disabled individual requires temporary care due to the protectors situation, for example a business trip, check-in to the hospital, family occasions, and others.There are 29,474 people with mental disorders in Seoul (as of Dec. 2015), accounting for 7.5% of all disabled individuals. As the act on the prohibition of discrimination against and support for mentally disabled persons is enforced, the Seoul Metropolitan Government policies for supporting the mentally disabled have been reinforced, and another local support center and three more life-long education centers will be established in the future.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government, after announcing a new economic democratization in February 2016, is taking the lead in inclusive growth in the international realm.Inclusive growth is a concept by which inequality hinders economic growth and cuases social conflicts, aiming to elimibate the inequality and make our society a better place. It has gained enough international recognition to be discussed in the agenda in the 2015 APEC summit.On the 3rd, the Seoul Metropolitan Government announced that it has established the Inclusive Growth in Cities Campaign, which is led by the OECD and Ford Foundation, and is comprised of 42 major cities including Paris, New York, and Los Angeles.As Champion mayors, the mayors of the 43 cities that participated in the establishment, including Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon, agree to address inequality and achieve fair and sustainable economic growth and to cooperate to implement related policies.The Champion mayors had the first conference in New York on March 29, 2016. They discussed their future roles and adopted and announced the New York Proposal.The New York Proposal is the road map for activities of the inclusive growth campaign, seeking new directions for policies and activities for inclusive growth in various fields such as education, housing, public service, and transportation system, and to share these ideas actively.The OECD is planning to establish an online platform to share best practices and measures to solve problems for inclusive growth of member cities. The SMG will utilized this to actively introduce and share its best practices, including economic democratization policy, living wage system, and increasing permanent job positions.Inequality between economic classes is a common issue among major cities in the world, including Seoul. Seoul will cooperate with member cities of the inclusive growth campaign by actively sharing with world cities and expanding the policies of its ongoing economic democratization, Mayor Park said.Link to the official website of the Inclusive Growth Campaign within OECD cities
The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to exhibit the 420 meters of screen wall installed at the construction site of the Seoul Station overpass after adding public designs to the wall where demolishing work has been underway on the old top plate. The exhibition will be held to celebrate the completion of the construction.
In particular, Very Street Kitchen, a young designers group led by Oh Joon-sik, a former brand designer of Hyundai Card Co., Ltd. and AMORE PACIFIC contributed their talents to design the wall.The screen walls will be installed at three sections: The main line of the overpass in front of Seoul Station (300m), the entrance and exit space directed to Toegye-ro and Malli-dong that form both sides of the overpass (60m, respectively).The installation of the screen walls at the entrance and exit was completed on the 25th of last month, and Seoul plans to install it on the main line in the middle of this month.The color of the screen wall from Seoul Station to Sungnyemun Gate is green, symbolizing the sidewalk with dense flowers and trees and representing a diversity of citizens feet walking on the sidewalk.In particular, the drawing of a person on a wheelchair reflects the future of the Seoul Station overpass as a barrier-free environment for pedestrians. In fact, Seoul will secure at least 2.5 meters of widths in order for people in wheelchairs to pass the overpass freely. In addition, Seoul plans to lower door sills and install braille blocks for the blind at the entrance and exit of the overpass.The design of the screen wall installed at the entrance and exit space directed towards Toegye-ro and Malli-dong (height: 4m, length: 60m) was based on the industry and culture of the Seoul Station area.The designers of Very Street Kitchen said, We decided to contribute our talents as locals who thought Seoul Station overpass is a part of our lives, adding, We tried to create a bright and positive image, because most citizens have thought of the Seoul Station overpass area as the center of Seoul, yet old and decrepit. Therefore, we wanted to transform the area into a green sidewalk with flowers and trees. Inquiry: Engineering Division, Seoul Metropolitan Infrastructure (02-3708-2543)
A new Seoul City Tour Bus is being implemented, connecting the Gangbuk and Gangnam routes. From April 1st, with one ticket discounted by 75%, you can transfer between the panorama route in Gangbuk and the circle route in Gangnam at Gangnam Station and the Floating Island.The panorama route, which starts at Gwanghwamun, stops at Namsan Mountain  the Floating Island  the 63 building  Hongdae, and returns to Gwanghwamun, now has additional stops at Gangnam Station and Noryangjin Fish Market from April 1st. Passing by the Namsan Ring Road lined with cherry blossoms and the stretch of the Han River, the route is gaining popularity among those going on picnics or dates. Transfer to the Gangnam ring route has been available since April 1st. As a result, the number of passengers is expected to increase.The Gangnam ring route, which used to be operated only within Gangnam-gu, was extended to Seocho-gu, adding tourist attractions such as the Floating Island, the Express Bus Terminal, Seorae Village, and Seoul National University of Education (Court and Public Prosecutors Office) Station to its stops.As a result, a tourist who departs from Gangbuk on the panorama route is now able to transfer to the Gangnam ring route at Gangnam Station and the Floating Island to see the top destinations in Gangnam and Seocho, including Garosu-gil Street, Korean Wave Stars Street, Coex Mall, the Express Bus Terminal, and Seorae Village. On the route, a trolley bus has been added, so now three buses in total are being operated, with no increasing service intervals despite the extension of the route.Domestic and foreign tourists in the southern area of Gyeonggi Province including Yongin and Suji are now be able to take the bus from Gangnam Station, which is closer than Gangbuk, and transfer to the Gangbuk panorama route. This is expected to increase demand for the bus.Also, celebrating the opening of the transfer between the Gangnam and Gangbuk routes, transfer tickets are discounted up to 75% until the end of June. Purchasing tickets separately for an adult for the panorama route (KRW 15,000) and the ring route (KRW 12,000) costs KRW 27,000 total, but one transfer ticket only costs KRW 18,000. Panorama Route (15,000 won) + Gangnam Ring Route (3,000 won, 75% discount)
Gangnam Ring Route (12,000 won) + Panorama Route (6,000 won, 60% discount)In the case of using only the ring route, the ticket costs 5,000 won, 7,000 won discounted from the normal fare of 12,000 won. Overview of Panorama Route and Gangnam Ring RouteSeoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market starts at Yeouido in March 2016 and will gradually expand to DDP and Cheonggye Plaza in May and Mokdong Stadium in July.The first night market of 2016 will open at Cascade Plaza, Han River Park on the 31st. Under the theme of Overnight World Travel, 70 general teams and 30 food trucks will participate.
Its shopping section will provide a variety of hand-made products from all over the world. In the food section, Korea-famous food trucks will provide a variety of food including Korean, Chinese, Japanese, and Western food, which will showcase the young chefs pride and principles.In the performance section, which will light up the night of the market, you can enjoy a number of spectacles, such as traditional and modern performances, busking, and guerilla performances.The theme of the DDP night market, which will open in May, is Young Runway & Dancing Night, which will cover mainly visitors in their 20s. Young business owners innovative items, urban farmers produce, fashion shows, and b-boy performances will be held.Mokdong Stadium Night Market, which will begin in July, will embody the concept of Leports Market- Extreme Campsite, focusing on camping food and selling and repairing used sporting goods. You will also be able to enjoy unicycle performances and board games.Once the operation in each place beings, the market will meet regularly with citizens every Friday and Saturday until October. However, Cheonggye Plaza Night Market will only be held occasionally as a special seasonal market. Map of Transfer between Gangnam & Gangbuk Routes Gangbuk Panorama Route  39km, 2hrs
The SMG is planning to develop the market into another cultural tourist attraction by soliciting the participation of local institutions and organizations related to culture, art, and sports, all according to the unique concept of the location, in order to host markets full of things to eat, see, and buy.
The market is also expected to create jobs for the young. Mayor Park Won-soon visited one of the markets as part of the Great Voyage for Jobs, and said that he hopes the expansion of the markets will give the young who operate food trucks and sales businesses more job opportunities.
Its shopping section will provide a variety of hand-made products from all over the world. In the food section, Korea-famous food trucks will provide a variety of food including Korean, Chinese, Japanese, and Western food, which will showcase the young chefs pride and principles.
In the performance section, which will light up the night of the market, you can enjoy a number of spectacles, such as traditional and modern performances, busking, and guerilla performances.
The theme of the DDP night market, which will open in May, is Young Runway & Dancing Night, which will cover mainly visitors in their 20s. Young business owners innovative items, urban farmers produce, fashion shows, and b-boy performances will be held.
Mokdong Stadium Night Market, which will begin in July, will embody the concept of Leports Market- Extreme Campsite, focusing on camping food and selling and repairing used sporting goods. You will also be able to enjoy unicycle performances and board games.
Once the operation in each place beings, the market will meet regularly with citizens every Friday and Saturday until October. However, Cheonggye Plaza Night Market will only be held occasionally as a special seasonal market.
Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market is a market that opens at night and disappears in the morning like dokkaebi, a type of demon or ogre in Korean folklore and fairy tales.The Seoul Metropolitan Government opens the market from 6 p.m. to 11 p.m. every Friday and Saturday, and is expanding it to four new locations, introducing a unique theme to each.The SMG is planning to develop the market into another cultural tourist attraction by soliciting the participation of local institutions and organizations related to culture, art, and sports, all according to the unique concept of the location, in order to host markets full of things to eat, see, and buy.The market is also expected to create jobs for the young. Mayor Park Won-soon visited one of the markets as part of the Great Voyage for Jobs, and said that he hopes the expansion of the markets will give the young who operate food trucks and sales businesses more job opportunities.Seoul Bamdokkaebi Night Market starts at Yeouido in March 2016 and will gradually expand to DDP and Cheonggye Plaza in May and Mokdong Stadium in July.The first night market of 2016 will open at Cascade Plaza, Han River Park on the 31st. Under the theme of Overnight World Travel, 70 general teams and 30 food trucks will participate.
Its shopping section will provide a variety of hand-made products from all over the world. In the food section, Korea-famous food trucks will provide a variety of food including Korean, Chinese, Japanese, and Western food, which will showcase the young chefs pride and principles.In the performance section, which will light up the night of the market, you can enjoy a number of spectacles, such as traditional and modern performances, busking, and guerilla performances.The theme of the DDP night market, which will open in May, is Young Runway & Dancing Night, which will cover mainly visitors in their 20s. Young business owners innovative items, urban farmers produce, fashion shows, and b-boy performances will be held.Mokdong Stadium Night Market, which will begin in July, will embody the concept of Leports Market- Extreme Campsite, focusing on camping food and selling and repairing used sporting goods. You will also be able to enjoy unicycle performances and board games.Once the operation in each place beings, the market will meet regularly with citizens every Friday and Saturday until October. However, Cheonggye Plaza Night Market will only be held occasionally as a special seasonal market. Contact: Small Business Development Division +82-2-2133-5560
Seoul is continuing with the implementation of the Pedestrian Priority Street project, which has been carried out since 2013. This year, 20 more streets will be designated as part of the PPS, expanding the project into 43 streets in total by October 2016.The Pedestrian Priority Street project is designed to create a city with safe and agreeable pedestrian spaces and to create streets, including side streets, where pedestrians safety and convenience are top priorities. It first covers streets with 10m-width or less, where sidewalks and roads are not separated.In PPS, in spaces where pedestrians and cars are melding together pedestrians safety and convenience should be considered the top priority. Therefore, a variety of methods are applied to reduce speeding, resulting in the recognition of pedestrian-oriented spaces.First, the stamp pavement method is being applied instead of the asphalt pavement, so that the spaces can be recognized as pedestrian spaces. Road signs indicate the road, curbs, and crash barriers that physically divide sidewalks and roads in order to create an environment where cars are consistently conscious of pedestrians, inducing the cars to drive slowly.Also, when required, the speed is limited in areas where materials are left unattended on roadsides. Illegal parking and stopping are also being monitored and prevented. 4 PPSs around schools will be focused on lowering car speeds using curves in order to minimize risks caused by vehicles when students come and go from school.The Seoul Metropolitan Government will improve effectiveness of the project by having residents associations of the 20 PPSs participate in the entire process.
The SMG has come up with the 2030 Housing Project for Young People by mitigating regulations on the development of areas close to subway stations.Areas close to subway stations are replete with libraries and day-care centers, but their current development density falls below the average of Seoul due to the regulations. Under the 2030 Housing Project for Young People, the SMG plans to supply rental houses to young people by allowing high-density development in areas close to subway stations. The SMG will also encourage private construction businesses to take part in the project by simplifying the deliberation and permit procedure, in addition to raising the floor area ratio in areas close to subway stations to a level close to semi-residential/commercial areas. Raising the floor area ratio means a higher possibility of building taller buildings on a given size of land than before.The project will require private construction businesses to build them all as semi-public rental housing in return for enjoying the benefit of mitigated regulation and the change in the status of the designated land. The SMG plans to have 10~25% of the houses built as smaller units (45 or smaller) and supply them to college students, those fresh out of school, and newlyweds at 60-80% of the prices in nearby areas. For other semi-public rental housing, those moving into them are required to live there for at least 8 years. The increase in the rental rate will be fixed at no more than 5% a year.On March 23, the SMG announced a project for the Supply of Rental Houses in Areas Close to Subway Stations for Young Adults, which will be put into effect over the next three years. The project will supply a considerable number of small-sized rental houses to young adults. It is expected that the project will ease the pressure on many young people, who are forced to move out of the city due to high housing prices and jeonse (full deposit payment up-front for leasing a house) /wolse (monthly rent).The candidate areas for the project are areas close to subway stations where two or more railroads/subway lines cross each other or within 250m (based on platform) from 30m-wide roads with a bus-only lane. It may be possible to change the status of the designation as a special-purpose area, depending on the conditions. Residence-only areas, Type I general housing areas, and downtown areas close to Hanyang Castle Walls are excluded from the project.In the event of a change from a Type III general housing area to a commercial area, the area can enjoy the benefit of a 430% rise in the floor area ratio with the application of base floor area ratio of 680%.The SMG expects that, when 30% of the land in the said areas is developed, 210,000 houses sized 30% or smaller will be able to be newly built, with 40,000 of them supplied as public rental housing.The SMG is adopting a new system of guaranteeing the minimum floor area ratio (400% for semi-residential areas and 680% for commercial areas) if basic conditions are met to ensure private businesses profitability. The current system requires a lower overall floor ratio in proportion to the ratio between the land and residential space.The project implementation procedure will be simplified further. The construction businesses will see the time required to obtain approvals and authorizations reduced noticeably, as they need only to go through the integrated deliberation committee handling urban, transportation, and architectural matters in one step.The requirement for parking lots will also be alleviated in consideration of the areas being close to subway stations. Facilities for car sharing will be provided for residents in the areas. The SMG plans to let only young people with no vehicles move into the new public rental housing.In addition, the SMG will provide financial support for both the private construction businesses and those moving into the houses in the area. For the businesses, property and acquisition taxes will be reduced. Loan interest will be covered by up to 2% based on the principal of up to 150 million won per house. A loan of 450 million won will be provided to each house to pay security deposit.The SMG will enact the municipal ordinance in close cooperation with the City Council and start the project in earnest. It is expected that the houses will start to be supplied by the first half of 2017.Pilot projects will be started in areas close to Chungjeongno Station and Bonghwasan Station in July this year. The SMG says that these Type III general residential areas fulfill conditions to be upgraded to semi-residential areas. 340 rental houses will be built in the area close to Chungjeongno Station after upgrading to a semi-residential area.Commenting on the said project, Mayor Park Won-soon said, We need to do something to encourage young people who are suffering in the midst of the worst youth unemployment rate ever. This project is designed to help them live in a stable environment. Many of them live like refugees in facilities like gosiwon (one-room studio used by many students for its low rent). For inquiries, please call the Rental Housing Division (02-2133-7053).
Seoul has been selected as one of the top 7 sustainable cities by the Guardian, the respected English daily newspaper.During celebrations for Earth Hour, one of the largest environmental events in the world, the Guardian announced that Seoul is one of the seven most sustainable cities in the world on March 20th (Sun.) 2016 in its online edition. Earth Hour: A global environment protection movement of the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF). It is a climate change campaign to turn off lights for one hour starting at 8:30 on the third Saturday in March every year. In 2015, individuals, corporations, and institutions in over 7,000 cities of 172 countries participated in the campaign.The seven cities include Hamburg, Oslo, Bogota, Helsinki, Milano, and Sao Paulo along with Seoul. The Guardian explained that these cities have been practicing diverse programs for a long time to secure their sustainability.It introduced Seoul as the leading city in open data and the fastest Internet network in the world with policies to provide free Wi-Fi to all public areas including buses and subways by 2017.In addition, it mentioned Seouls sharing economy and introduced its online platform Sharing Hub to connect users and sharing services and support sharing corporations.Since the Seoul Metropolitan Government adopted preemptive sharing economy as a countermeasure against various urban problems such as parking difficulties and pollution in 2012, it has been supporting 64 start-ups and groups and implementing daily-life oriented sharing projects such as car sharing in residential areas, parking space sharing, and tool-sharing libraries.These innovation cases of Seoul drew attention from the world, and were introduced in major international media such as Forbes, the American Economic Magazine, and LA Times. The Guardian selected Seoul as one of the most innovative cities along with New York, Paris, and Berlin and focused on the active participation of citizens, the sharing economy, and welfare policies using the fastest Internet network in the world and social media in its article titled the Mayors who are changing citizens lives in June last year. Seoul has been awarded for municipal policies through innovative public-private cooperation in the Place Marketing Forum hosted by Regional Attractiveness and Place Marketing Chair consisting of 21 municipal institutions, including French local governments, councils, and regional committees.Link to the original article of the Guardian
Seoul Metropolitan Government is holding the Han River Spring Flower Festival from April 2nd to May 29th, 2016 in the entire area around Han River Park. The Yeouido Spring Flower Festival representing the Han River is held from April 4th to 10th. Lets go welcome the spring at the nearest Han River Park!
Seoul Metropolitan Government is holding the Han River Spring Flower Festival from April 2nd to May 29th, 2016 in the entire area around Han River Park. The Yeouido Spring Flower Festival representing the Han River is held from April 4th to 10th. Lets go welcome the spring at the nearest Han River Park!
The SMG plans to install 151 additional surveillance cameras at Childrens Safety Zones in Seoul to leave no such zones uncovered by surveillance cameras by the end of the year. As of the end of last year, the percentage of Childrens Safety Zones covered by surveillance cameras stood at 97.3%, or 1,659 out of the 1,704 zones. The total number of such cameras installed now comes to 3,167. Surveillance cameras are installed on the roads close to elementary schools, kindergartens, and daycare facilities designated as Childrens Safety Zones to prevent crimes like kidnapping of children or violence against children and to protect children from traffic accidents caused by illegal parking.The 151 additional surveillance cameras will be installed at the following locations by the end of the year: 44 existing Childrens Safety Zones and 33 locations newly designated as Safety Zones (77 cameras in total), as well as additional cameras in existing Childrens Safety Zones that require additional surveillance due to a high possibility of traffic accidents in the judgment of the relevant autonomous district offices (74 cameras in total).The SMG will also pay attention to more efficient operation of the surveillance cameras installed in Childrens Safety Zones.The surveillance cameras installed in Childrens Safety Zones are monitored at all times by those dispatched from of the relevant autonomous district offices and the police at the control center to prevent crimes and cope with accidents promptly. The cameras are also used to prevent illegal parking in Childrens Safety Zones.The SMG will put the plan for installation of additional surveillance cameras into practice after close consultation with the relevant offices and after listening to opinions of local residents, as there may be many differing opinions, for example complaints about infringement of privacy.Read more news about SMGs Welfare / Health / Security administrative services
Effective midnight of March 19, 2016, the Jeongneungcheon Elevated Highway, part of the Seoul Inner Ring Road, was reopened to traffic.The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) reopened the 7.5km-long Jeongneungcheon Elevated Highway, which was closed to traffic as of midnight of February 22, 2016 after a serious defect was identified during the spring safety check. The reopening was two days ahead of the schedule. ( Go directly to press release about the said highway closed to traffic)The roads reopened to traffic are the section from the Seongdong Jct to Jongam Jct in the direction of Seongsan Bridge and the section from Bukbu Trunk Road Jct to Sageun Ramp in the direction of Seongsu Bridge.The SMG installed temporary steel piers under the elevated highway for safety while replacing the impaired tendons, a task that was completed by March 16, 2016.Between March 9 and 14, 2016, the Korea Infrastructure Safety Corporation (KISC) carried out a safety inspection on the affected part of the elevated highway. After the inspection, it was held that the highway could be reopened to traffic with the temporary steel piers in place.The Safety Measures Committee composed of 14 experts confirmed that the highway was safe for reopening based on a maintained-load test carried out using 12 dump trucks.It also turned out that there was no particular problem in the joint check made by road facility experts of the entire section of the Seoul Inner Ring Road including three pre-stressed concrete (PSC) bridges (Dumo, Seoho, and Hongjecheon Elevated Bridges).The SMG plans to publicize the reopening of the Jeongneungcheon Elevated Highway to traffic, using variable message signs (VMSs), and other tools in cooperation with the Seoul Metropolitan Police Agency and the Gyeonggi Transportation Information Center.The SMG will carry out an additional precision check of The PSC bridges on the Seoul Inner Ring Road by May and replace the remaining five impaired tendons by June.With regards to what exactly caused the impair of the tendons, the result of the investigation carried out jointly by the KISC, the Korea Institute of Bridge and Structural Engineers, and the Korea Concrete Institute will be announced in June. The SMG will also come up with a way to secure systematic safety management of PSC bridges in consultation with the central government.Read more news about SMGs Welfare / Health / Security administrative services
Seoul successfully helped 52 people to get jobs for the year of 2015 through the customized employment and entrepreneurship educational program that focused on the strengths and expertise that female marriage immigrants had. This year, Seoul plans to select 8 education programs and support their employment and entrepreneurship.Employment & entrepreneurship support project for female marriage immigrants is the project aiming to reinforce the stable lives and economic independence of female marriage immigrants in multicultural families who live in Seoul. Since 2010, Seoul has operated the programs and 135 female marriage immigrants completed the programs and 52 among them succeeded in getting their jobs through nine education programs including office professionals, skin and beauty care specialists, and flower & candle aroma shops.The education programs include  Mother care specialist training program  Multilingual counselor training course  International medical tour coordinator training course Tourism interpreter and guide training course  Sewing assistant training course BtoC open market entrepreneurship & global seller training course.Amon these, medical tour coordinator is one of the key jobs in the health care industry where attracting foreign patients is the most important part. In addition, considering that Korea has insufficient number of experts in this industry, the medical tour coordinator is expected to be a quality occupation where the bilingual female marriage immigrants can utilize their strengths.In particular, Seoul plans to support 85 enrollees up by 55 compared to that of 2015 to support for tourism interpreter and guide training program that has rosy employment prospect. The training program educates female marriage immigrants to become tourism interpreters and guides, which are promising fields, by utilizing their strengths. The enrollee targets are female marriage immigrants from China and those from Southeast Asia including Vietnam, Thailand, Malaysia and Indonesia.The real education for employment and entrepreneurship will be from April to November. If any female marriage immigrants hope to participate in the programs, they should visit the website and apply to the respective institutions within the given period. For further information about the education programs, visit the Seoul Hanultari (Multicultural family support center) website below.Seoul Hanultari website
The Seoul Metropolitan Government launched a bike-sharing service, which is called Seoul Bike Ddareungi in 2015 with a fleet of 2,000 bicycles. Now the number of the bikes is projected to increase dramatically.The Seoul City unveiled its plan to add another 3600 bikes in five major regions including Shinchon, Sangam, Dongdaemun, Yongsan, and central Seoul near Gwanghwamun every 500 meters. The city government will increase the number of the rental stations from 150 up to 450, thereby helping the citizens enjoy more easily and conveniently ride the bikes through the public bike sharing service.
It was found that citizens use public bikes mainly when travelling short distances.According to the data collected by February, 2016, citizens with seasonal vouchers (70% of the total use) frequently use public bikes when they travel within 30 kilometers for 20 minutes (on average). Central Seoul near Gwanghwamun has the highest rate of users. People in their 20s (40%) were the age group with which the service is most popular, and in terms of gender, the number of male users (67%) is nearly twice the number of female users.The member of the service who rode the bike most is a seventy-something Seoul citizen. He used the bike 611 times. He said that he rode the bike mostly when he used public transportation for his delivery service.The number of rides by foreigners was 750, and they rode the bikes mainly in Shinchon and central Seoul near Gwanghwamun. The Seoul City is planning to develop the Ddareungi Tour Course during which visitors can look around the five regions on the bikes including Jeongdong, Cheonggyecheon, Insadong, Bukchon, Seochon, which are all tourist attractions. From October 15th, 2015, the beginning of the bike sharing service, to February, 2016, 3,800 citizens subscribed to the service and 31,000 vouchers (including seasonal voucher) were sold. The number of rides amounted to 149,000 in total.By the time when the service is expanded, the Seoul City will have improved the sharing service to fulfil the citizens requests by starting the two-hour basic rental time system, and covering the medical costs with insurances. First of all, to prevent a bike from being taken by only one person, the users should return the bikes within an hour after rental. The users can have more options thanks to the new basic rental time system
Now, if one rides the bike for two hours, then the user should pay 3,000 won (1,000 won for basic fee and 2,000 won for additional charges), but if the two-hour basic rental time is applied, the user can enjoy
riding the bike at a cheaper price, 2,000 won, 1,000 down from 3,000 won.The insurance coverage for bike accidents will be extended.In case of injuries caused by the accidents unrelated to bike defaults, the previous insurances used to cover only expenses for hospitalization, aftereffects of injuries, or death. Now, any medical fees will be covered by new insurances.As the number of the public bikes, the roads for them should be expanded.For the safety of the bike riders, The Seoul City will build additional 10.9 kilometers of bike roads in Yanghwa-ro and Mapo-ro so that the five regions including central Seoul near Gwanghwamun and Sinchon can be connected to newly designated service regions such as Yangcheon-gu, and Yeongdeungpo.The government will expand the bike roads in newly designated service regions including Yongsan (6.1k), Dongdaemun (10.6k), Yeongdeungpo (15.9k) areas, which amount to 36.8 kilometers all combined.Furthermore, the Seoul City will establish a bicycle crossing at the intersection and 1,092 safety facilities including road strips and direction signboards on the existing bicycle permit roads, and also improve the safety facilities for the side streets in Seoul and tighten up on illegal parking on the bike roads. The municipal government will create a video clip which provides the guidelines on how to apply for membership, purchase a voucher, rent and return, lock the bikes, and dock the bike so that new riders can use the bikes more easily and conveniently. This tutorial will be distributed in March through the homepage of Seoul Bike.
Seoul announces participation in American Society of Public Administration (ASPA) in Seattle for March 18th (Fri) to March 22nd (Tue), presenting best Practices for Policy Adoption of Seoul with professors from Rutgers University.American Society of Public Administration (ASPA, http://www.aspanet.org/public) is an organization of public administrative studies with scholars, public officials. Enterprises and students with tens of thousands of members around the world presenting cases of innovative public administration yearly, this year held in Seattle. There will be a special session(20th ~22nd of March) on March 20th (Sun) on Seoul, Korea e-Governance: Best Practices for Policy Adoption Rutgers University-Newark School of Public Affairs and Administration, founding Dean, Marc Holzer, Professors Aroon P.Manoharan and Alan R.Shark will present the best practice for Seouls E-government and Director of Information System Planning Division and Director of Civil Service Division of Seoul Metropolitan Government will sit as panels.Presentation consists of space information system of Seoul, governance with citizens participation through SNS (Seoul Online Civil Complaints etc.), WeGo and how Seouls innovative E-government is impacting the transparency, civil responsibility, and governance with citizens of local governments. The presentation will also include the introduction to the cooperative contribution of WeGo, founded in Sept 2010 with Seouls leading participation, and the Seoul Metropolitan Government in the area of E-Government.  Digital e-governance of Seoul Metropolitan Government21st March (Mon), a special session on Seoul Case Study Program (SCSP) Special Session
(Seoul Case Study Program) will be introduced which is run by professors and students from city universities to renounce international universities, Deborah Carroll and 4 other professors and 2 students that assisted in running the program will assess on Seouls Mobile Voting App and lessons learnt from the experience of Seouls E-government.22th March (Tue), a special session on Promotion Versus Regulation: Contrasting Seouls and San Franciscos Director of Information System Planning of Seoul Metropolitan Government will introduce Seouls sharing economy and its examples and tasks for the future, in the same session researchers of sharing economy from San Francisco is scheduled to share cases of San Franciscos sharing economy, comparing and analyzing the practices between Seoul and San Francisco. This is especially meaningful because San Francisco is dubbed the mecca of sharing economy.From 2012, to resolve parking problems, environmental issues, excessive consumption by resource sharing at a local government level has implemented sharing economy, Co-founder of Airbnb, the largest lodging sharing enterprise Joe Gebbia, has dubbed Seoul The sharing city of the future. Seoul has achieved much progress in a short time to deserve this thus receiving attention from many sharing enterprises and local governments. Seoul International Cooperation Bureau of Lee Beong Han has stated that it is meaningful to participate in well-established international academic events and let the world know the best practices of policy adoptions of the city of Seoul. In future Seoul should pro-actively share the best practices in not only to heighten a place in the world as a world city but also to create opportunities with world cities and evolve together with them. 
It is reported that 430 homeless people (83% of the total number of the homeless) were able to live a steady life instead of living in the street as a result of Seouls support to 516 homeless people during the period from March to December of 2015 for up to six months with their monthly rent.The temporary housing support project for the homeless has been conducted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government since 2011. Through the project, Seoul provides the homeless and people at risk of becoming homeless with a monthly rent allowance amounting to 250,000 KRW a month for up to six months.Year-by-year Breakdown of Seouls Support
In particular, 192 among 430 beneficiaries of 2016 were employed and succeeded in rehabilitation and 99 were designated as beneficiaries of a national basic livelihood so that they could stop living in the street and be protected by the nation.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government helped 83 homeless people who had their resident registration cancelled and had difficulty living steady lives to restore their resident registration. As a result, seven homeless people succeeded in credit recovery and three people were able to receive the welfare service for the handicapped through the handicapped registration.
In addition, 65 homeless people received medical treatment and 488 tenants were provided with 100,000 KRW of daily supplies per capita.
Meanwhile, Seoul plans to increase the number of the homeless and those on the verge of being homeless to be supported to 570. This is aimed at supporting the homeless individuals independent life and to make all of the homeless individuals succeed in rehabilitating their lives. Seoul additionally designated Didim 365 as a temporary housing support organization to protect female homeless people so as to protect them from an unsafe life in the street.
For counselling about the temporary housing support, contact the Seoul Metropolitan Governments department of supporting rehabilitation (+82-2-2133-7484) along with Dasiseogi (meaning start again) general support center (+82-2-777-0564).
Celebrating International Womens Day on March 8, Seoul Metropolitan Government released a safety policy for women, Womens safety metropolitan city 2.0.The safety policy features expanded and reinforced the infrastructure of Women safety metropolitan city such as safe parcel service and safe back home scout which have been implemented since 2013, and many other cities and provinces have benchmarked along with the worlds attention. Also the policy is elaborated with the latest smart technology and newly added with a policy for reinforcing womens identity.First of all, Seoul plans to develop Ansimi (tentative name) app in September 2016, a 24-hour smart one-stop security network where smart technology, CCTV and the integrated control centers of the autonomous districts are connected together. It is one-stop system that detects danger around women and supports the rescue by combining smart technology and the previous infrastructure. If a user operates Ansimi app when returning home at midnight or feeling danger such as stalking, the users location will be displayed on the operation board at the integrated control center for each autonomous district. When actual emergency happens and the user pushes her cell phone button, the real scenes will be filmed on her phone and sent to the integrated control center with other information such as the images taken by near CCTV, the app users photos and contact numbers.After closely observing the users locations on the operation board, staff at the control center will convert to emergency and promptly take measures such as requesting rescue crews along with police staying in the center when danger that could lead to a real crime is identified.In particular, Seoul expects this app useful even in some other emergencies such as violence in blind spots of CCTV or other emergencies such as disasters. Additionally, after test-operations in five autonomous districts in 2016, the city plans to expand the use of the app across all autonomous districts.Seoul also plans to work on preventing and assisting dating violence for the first time among all the local governments. Mainly, in July 2016, the city will newly establish and operate dating violence counselling call center and employ three professionals with know-how on dating violence counselling to provide advice about the diagnosis and coping methods to it. In addition, the city plans to provide services connected to legal and medical support for the victims of dating violence. Inquiry: Womens Policy Office (Call 02-2133-5009)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced its operation of the Employment Trail which involves visiting workplaces of the citizens and engaging participation of all the citizens through the cooperation with companies, universities, and labor groups.The Employment Trail which was launched last year identified employment problems at the workplaces for a month and finds the solutions by shaping policies of the Seoul government. This year, the city government aims to designate the last week of every month as the Employment Trail Week to make an all-out effort to create jobs and produce tangible results. The Employment Trail is expected to take place from March to June in the first half of this year and from September to November in the second half. The specific agenda of each month includes democratizing the economy and valuing labor in April, creating jobs for youths in May, fostering Seoul-type promising industries in June, creating social economic jobs in September, boosting foreign and domestic investment in October, and creating jobs for the vulnerable groups in November. The first place where this project starts will be a conference during which the presidents of the five universities (Konkuk, Sangmyung, Sungshin Womens, Sookmyung Womens, Hankuk University of Foreign Studies) will gather to find ways to tackle youth unemployment, foster start-ups and employment for youths together with the city government. The city government and the universities promise to make concerted efforts to solve youth unemployment at this meeting. This year, the city government will hold events more than once a week and 100 times a year. During the events the presidents of universities and CEOs gather and seek ways to solve youth unemployment. Additionally, the Seoul government is planning to operate a consultative group which consists of company leaders, business circles, and local communities all year around. The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the 2016 Seoul Comprehensive Plan to Create Jobs for Youths on the 25th in order to address youth unemployment as the most urgent issue because one out of three youths is technically jobless. This plan focuses on the voices of young people to offer practical help to them and improve job quality. From employment counseling to suit rental services creating 300 Job Cafes The Seoul government will set up 300 Job Cafs, which will provide a venue to make preparations for employment and offers information on the job market around the city by 2020. Job Caf will have study rooms, information desks, and other spaces to prepare for finding jobs and expert counselors will provide various services including the help for youths to find jobs, career counseling, resume editing, and mentoring for a job interview. Particularly, to reduce job interview expenses, which on average costs 104,900 won, Job Caf will also provide practical help such as suit rental services, make-up and hair services, and photo shoot services.Job Cafs will be set up at the sites which are readily accessible to the citizens such as Citizens Hall on the second basement level of the City Hall building, the areas surrounded by universities and private institutes, local cafes, and community centers. Also, the city government will use the existing private facilities.The city government will integrate and operate job call center. In May, it will launch a call center (1588-9142) and in January, it will be linked to Dasan Call Center (120), and in July, they will be integrated into Iljari (142). From April, the current counseling call centers which operate until six oclock will extend their office hours until ten oclock, and by June an integrated website and application which offer information on the job market will be set up. Fostering 1,000 Seoul-type Hidden Champions and making 10,000 youths engaged in the labor marketIn addition, the Seoul government will foster 1,000 Seoul-type hidden champions to help 10,000 youths to find quality jobs.The city government will nurture 1,000 small giants by assessing their rate of regular employees, wage, benefits, and growth potential and connect them with young job seeks. It will also provide various supports to the small giants, such as PR, research on manpower demand, distribution marketing, incentives for employment, thereby boosting the labor market. Rendering full support for youth employment, and boosting start-ups and social economy by expanding the welfare systemExpansion of public services will create 1,600 jobs at national public nurseries and daycare center, and 1,890 jobs though Youth New Deal and University Students Internship programs. New jobs will be created by forming Yangjae  Magok industrial R&D complex (43,785, 2017-2020), building Knowledge Center in the Onsu Industrial Complex (1,040, 2018-2020), vitalizing fashion sewing crafts industries (900, 2016), and fostering food truck businesses (3,000, 2016-2017), which are considered as promising industries.That is not all. Seoul City also has a plan to create 6,000 jobs by nurturing 1,000 social economic companies. It will make efforts to help youths begin their own business. For example, the Challenge 1,000 Program which will give support to young future entrepreneurs will lead to the creation of 3000 jobs, and the city government will increase the number of Challenge Rooms from 250 up to 390 within the year to secure spaces for start-ups. Increasing the number of Centers for Protection of the Rights for Young Part-timers up to 25To protect youths against unfavorable treatment at their first job, the number of Centers for Protection of the Rights for Young Part-timers which has been set up in four different labor centers will have increased up to 25 by 2020.From May, the city government will operate real time counseling services via KakaoTalk, a free messenger app, counseling tour around the districts including university areas where young part-timers are concentrated and night watch centers.Moreover, Seoul City will offer practical help such as counseling services for the violation of rights in association with citizen labor ombudsman, certified labor attorneys, and lawyers. Also the city government will provide services regarding lawsuits or petitions, administrative trials, and civil suits by proxy. The number of Youth Rights Patrol also will increase from 5 to 100. Two government-funded institutions test-run the Seoul-type Working Hour Curtail InstitutionLastly, Seoul City will create Seoul-type Job Model in pursuit of both quantity and quality. It is important not only to create many jobs, but also to improve the quality of jobs so that youths can work under satisfying conditions for a long time.The Seoul government will terminate the practice of Turing irregular workers into regular worker in the public sector, which has been implemented since 2013, by 2017 (7,296 workers) and make efforts to improve the working environment and ensure the better treatment. Furthermore, the government will expand the practice into the private sector.The Seoul-type Living Wage System which Seoul Metropolitan Government and government-funded institutions are entitled to receive will be applied to contract workers in the public sector and will create and implement the Seoul-type Working Hour Curtail Plan within this year. To this end, the city government will select two city government-funded institutions and test run the Seoul-type Working Hour Curtail Institution.The city government will continue to develop support policies for the underprivileged workers at their workplaces. For this year, Seoul City plans to build rest areas in the Gangnam area to improve the welfare of workers of delivery services or designated drivers for hire, and annually selects two or three types of jobs which demand long working hours with low pay and to render full support to them.Announcing the plan for youth employment, the Seoul government will make continued efforts to listen to the voices of the citizens and also form a plan for the citizens from every walk of life including women, baby boomers, and the elderly people within a short period of time.To that end, as a series of the Employment Trail, the city government will annually hold 14 rounds of conferences during which youths, experts from various fields and other groups gather and share their ideas for job creation and start-ups. It will also collect suggestions regarding jobs via websites, and SNS and it will reflect useful ideas when making policies. The top priority of the Seoul Metropolitan Government is job creation! Seoul City will make an all-out effort to become the City for Jobs, where anyone who wants to work can work.
Welfare Centers in Seoul are playing a key role in serving as a Sarangbang, meaning a guest room for local residents. Seoul opened 18 welfare centers in 2015 and allowed locals to rent auditoriums and program rooms by 867 times. Through this, as many as 1,465 local residents could use the centers.The reason why as many as the citizens could use the welfare centers was the city of Seoul opened parking lots, residents lounges and libraries at weekdays nights and on weekends, thereby allowing citizens to freely use them. In particular, the city operated 50 different weekend programs for workers, teenagers and family groups who have difficulty in using welfare centers on weekdays. As a result, 8,576 local residents were able to participate in the programs.Seoul arranged and provided not only the previous sports program (e.g. ping-pong, basketball and yoga, etc.) but also many distinguishing courses such as color pencil illustrations, crafts with ribbon. Additionally, Seoul occasionally provided movie screening and open lectures so that they resulted in many local residents participation.Moreover, Seoul operated a variety of programs such as Okping, meaning camping on the roof in social welfare centers along with Woori Jjakjji, meaning partner program where multicultural and Korean families participated, thereby the city could increase the opportunity to meet and communicate with neighbors.Because many citizens felt satisfied with the space opening project, Seoul increased the target centers by twice and decided to increase the support. In accordance with this, Seoul will select target social centers and start the project.Particularly, this year, Seoul will mainly focus on promoting regional community and discovering and operating weekend programs put forward by local residents.If a Seoul citizen wants to rent a space in Seouls social welfare centers, he/she can access yeyak.seoul.go.kr and click Siseoldaegwan, meaning renting a facility to know available facility, date and time and request the rent. Or he/she can contact the relevant social welfare center and reserve in advance to use it. Contact: 120 (Dasan Call Center)
Seoul becomes the first city in the country to launch Remodeled Social Housing Project, remodeling old housing such as gosiwon (cheap residence for exam preparing students), motels, or vacant office buildings to a social housing. The project provides social housing to vulnerable housing class at 80% (or less) of the price of the surrounding areas for maximum of 10 years.Especially, 30% of the residential households are offered firsthand to young households suffering housing poverty at a rate that is 50% cheaper than the rates of neighborhood. It is expected that it could relieve the housing problems of the young who have trouble with high deposit.Housing coop unions, social enterprises, and nonprofit organizations as licensees, the Remodeled Social Housing Project purchases and rents old buildings that were built more than 20 years ago, and remodels them. Afterwards, SH corporation recruits potential residents and provides them with the renewed house. Seoul city supports 50% of the total remodeling fee (within 150 million won), and also supports business operators with initial business fee by letting them get a loan as much as 90% of the fee at a low interest (2% in a year) rate for five-year maturity.Additionally, gosiwons, which have been the symbol of poor housing, are to be renewed into a pleasant share house.The new housing will ensure individual space of more than 6.5, and by removing unnecessary rooms, the housing will include space for pleasant household areas such as community space(each space within 1m) such as conference room, lounge, cafeteria, restroom, laundry room, shower room, etc.Accommodations like motels, on the other hand, do not require much reconstruction since they already contain restrooms and shower rooms in each room. Such buildings will be renewed to a one-room flat.
As announced by the city government on February 23rd, this years project plans to supply 400 rooms. The government looks for interested business operators for this project any time throughout the year.
The candidates for the recruitment should be housing coop unions, social enterprises, and nonprofit organizations who have experience and ability in remodeling houses and are interested in housing matters. If qualified, the potential operator must seek buildings to purchase or lease, get a permission of an owner, and register their proposal.Building owners of old housing (gosiwons, motels, etc.) of more than 20 years upon its completion are also opened to registration. Seoul city, in turn, plans to match business operators with such building owners.Recruitment of potential residents is enacted by SH corporation, with the notification to be announced by this June on the official website.Requirements for resident are those in single or two member households with income same or below of the average monthly income of city employees. If they pay the rent which is 80% or less than neighboring price, they can reside for maximum 10 years.In order to let medium sized companies (construction, real estate, and lease) participate, Seoul city announced its plan to increase the amount of residential households to 2000 and loosen the requirements of business operators by modifying the city act starting from next year. Seoul is expecting the relief in housing problem of single or two member households including the young by this plan. Contact: +82-2-2133-7026 (Housing Policy Office)
Seoul metropolitan city recruits 1,000 young individuals for Double-hope Youth Bankbook Program (hereby youth bankbook). Initiated last year, the program aims to support young adults in seeking their dreams and preparing for their future.Until 2018, Seoul city will annually recruit 1000 individuals: 500 in the first half of the year, and the remaining 500 in the second half of the year. For this first half, the city will announce the official recruitment notice within March, and select the final applicants within June this year to make a contract for the program.The Seoul city was the first among all cities in Korea to initiate the youth bankbook in 2015. The requirements for the program are as follows: first, monthly income of the applicant should be the same or less than 2 million won second, income of his/her parents should be the same or less than 80% of the standard median income and third, the age of the applicant should be from 18 to 33.Once selected, individuals are required to save either fifty, one hundred or fifteen hundred thousand won per month for 2 or 3 years, and the government will accumulate additional savings by the matching rate of 1:0.5 with civilian donation. The total savings of the individual can be used later for his/her marriage, education, business, housing, etc.Especially, starting this year, Seoul metropolitan city government not only supports its program members in their savings management but also focuses on the promotion of 3-step individualized case management for further self-development and independence through planning their future and financial support.Step one is a process to enlighten the self-independency. Young individuals will be provided with seminars on life goals and special lectures on successful investment techniques to set their life goals.
Step two is a process to strengthen capability of self-independence. Individuals will be provided with opportunities of learning tips on managing asset and credit and financial design through basic education on savings and finance and one-to-one finance consulting.The last step is a process of connecting independence and development. Associated with Social Solidarity Bank, Seoul Business Agency (SBA), and Seoul City Job Plus Center, programs and education on establishing business will be offered.Seoul metropolitan city plans to continue the interest and support towards young adults in their fulfillment of goals by providing such phased and concentrated case management programs, along with offering monthly savings monitoring. Contact: +82-2-2133-7380 (Hope Welfare Office) 
The Sharing City Seoul Project, the Seoul Metropolitan Governments (SMG) policy to diffuse sharing economy and sharing culture, has been selected as an innovative urban policy for public-private partnerships by Place Marketing Forum, an international conference hosted by Regional Attractiveness and Place Marketing Chair in France and the project will also be awarded with the Place Marketing Award.Seouls sharing policy was also acknowledged as an outstanding case of urban policy and received a Special Mention from Metropolis, a federation of worlds 171 big cities. In addition, SMG has been striving to solve various urban problems including lack of parking lot, environment pollution, and excessive consumption by sharing resources since 2012. In local government level, Seoul introduced preemptive policies of sharing economy to public sector.Since prior to the Korean governments announcement, SMG has already revised ordinance regarding parking lots and has supported to promote the car sharing policy by allowing companies to provide such services through the car-sharing service brand, SOCAR (Nanumcar in Korean) to use public parking lots and reduce their parking fees.Not only domestic cities, but also other overseas cities and countries have visited Seoul in order to learn about SMGs sharing city policy. The sharing city policy has already been mentioned as an exemplary case on overseas media such as Forbes, Times and Guardian.
Seoul Metropolitan Office announced 2016 Plan for MICE Industry, a new growth engine as well as high-value added industry.In 2013, Seoul established its Master Plan for Tourism MICE in Seoul and has been working on fostering a whole range of MICE industry. Thanks to the city governments effort, Seoul Metropolitan City has been selected as the best MICE city of 2015 by Business Traveler and Global Traveler magazines, top authorities in the business travel sector and Seoul was also listed among the top 5 convention cities for five consecutive years, from 2010 to 2014, in the ranking of international conference cities announced by the Union of International Associations (UIA). All of these testify to its reputation as the top MICE city. 2016 Plan for MICE Industry, mainly aiming to be the worlds top 3 MICE city by 2018, includes:
First of all, Seoul plans to establish MICE Integrated Information System to systematically and scientifically take charge of the entire Find Demand  Attract Participants  Launch Event process. To increase the attraction of events, Seoul will provide a variety of supporting services including financial support to the groups who attract and host events in Seoul with 50 and over foreigners.In addition, Seoul will operate a comprehensive invitation supporting system for the groups who consider hosting events in Seoul. From the starting point, the system will cover from specialized consulting to writing the invitation proposal and PT to supporting overseas personnels field investigation to one-on-one training of presentation techniques related to invitation(in English) to attraction activities overseas.Comprehensive hospitality service includes a variety services as follows:
Seoul plans to hold and expand a variety of events including international MICE forums with issues that can be widely comprehensible to common citizens and MICE industry officials and the events to share success stories of employment for high school and college students who are considering getting jobs in MICE industry.MICE SEOUL
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) plans to establish an initial platform with an objective of becoming one of the worlds leading e-Government within the next five years. It will be receiving on and offline opinions from 100,000 citizens, and run public hearings and a Council on Informatization Strategies in preparation for Initial Plans for Digital Seoul 2020. In doing so, with its vision Global Digital Seoul 2020  New Connections, Different Experiences, SMG has presented four strategies Social Media-politan City, Diginomic, Digital Social Innovation and Global Digital Leader, along with 54 other future projects.First, Seoul will reinforce civil communication governance by using digital media as its tool. SMG will be increasing the number of businesses run by citizens, experts and enterprises by up to 50% by 2020 in order to satisfy the needs of citizens, who are the actual beneficiaries of the public digital service.In addition, the Diginomics plan is set to become the key in its economys new-found growth. Seoul Digital Foundation, scheduled to be launched in May, 2016, will play its role as a think tank of SMGs digital policy and as an integrated platform for promoting Diginomics. Moreover, Seoul will operate programs to foster start-ups related to FinTech it will discover and foster 30 start-ups while supporting around 330,000 creative talents.
G-Valley plans to foster professionals by operating IoT (Internet of things)-specialized academies, Hackathons and conferences. It also aims to develop 243 promising techniques by 2020. Furthermore, SMG plans to solve the urban problems and improve citizens quality of life through digital innovation. By designating Bukchon area as its first IoT project location, SMG is set to increase the number of IoT areas by up to 100 areas by 2020 and transform Seoul into a one whole Living Lab.SMG will also deal with parking-related issues by providing real-time information to 550 parking lots by 2020 through an Integrated Parking Information System. This system will allow citizens to know the location of parking lots and real-time parking information through Smartphone Applications. In addition, in order to establish worlds best digital infrastructure, Seoul plans to create free Wifi Zones across all the public areas in Seoul including subways and buses by 2017.Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon said, As mentioned in my New Years address, this year will be the starting point in our citys journey towards becoming the real global digital capital. Initial Plans for Digital Seoul 2020 will serve as a guide map , and added, Using digital techniques, most policies will be established by citizens, the beneficiaries of public digital service with an aim to make our city one of the worlds leading digital capital by 2020. Plus, through a new digital industry, our city will create jobs, which will stimulate the economy, and solve various urban problems. 
Namsan Yejangjarak (jarak meaning the foot of a mountain), with a total area of 22,330, was initially a martial training ground for soldiers during the Joseon dynasty. However, it was isolated and lost its original state during the Japanese occupation. The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) plans to restore Yejangjarak into a city park and make it available for the public on February, 2018.In order to revive the original landscape, SMG will carry out the restoration process by demolishing a number of public office buildings and constructing a park. The Seoul City Hall Namsan Building No. 2 will also be refurbished into a Human Rights Center.Redesigning Yejangjarak with a specific focus on pedestrians will not only benefit nearby tourist areas such as Myeong-dong and Namsan Hanok Village, but will provide interconnecting paths between the Eastern and Western areas of Seoul including Namdaemun Market, Seoul Station Overpass and Seun Arcade.The pedestrian network branching out from Yejangjarak will carry nature, history and culture as its themes and will be classified into four paths Road of Humans (City hall  Yejangjarak  Namsan Hanok Village), Road of Woods (Inwangsan Mountain  Yejangjarak  Namsan), Road of History (Donhwamun-ro  Yejangjarak  Namsan Walking Trail), and Road of Culture (Cheonggyecheon  Yejangjarak  Jaemi-ro).
The Jeongneungcheon overpass will be closed down beginning at midnight on February 22nd. The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMT) saw no choice but to promptly shut down the Jeongneungcheon overpass to ensure the safety of citizens. A 7.5 kilometer stretch of the expressway will be closed off in both directions, from the Seongdong junction (Dongbu highway  the Naebu expressway) to the Gil-eum ramp in the Seongsan-bound lanes, and from the Bukbu Expressway junction to the Sa-geun ramp in the Seongsu-bound lanes.On February 17th the Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corporation inspected the Jeongneungcheon overpass during the thaw, and found one of 20 tendon cables supporting an overpass damaged at the midpoint between the Wolgok ramp in Seongsu-bound lanes on the Naebu expressway and the Majang ramp. At the request of the Seoul city government, additional inspections were immediately conducted by the Korea Infrastructure Safety and Technology Corporation under the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure and Transport.The Korea Infrastructure Safety and Technology Corporation discovered that some of the strands forming a tendon were partially ruptured and eroded, and so proposed that Because of serious defects, immediate measures, including traffic restriction, should be taken.Based on the inspection results and subsequent expert advice the Seoul city government decided to close off traffic at 11:40 p.m on the 20th of February.The Seoul city government will implement fundamental solutions to address the situation. It will install a temporary overpass while restricting traffic. After lifting the restriction, the city government will continue to do repairs. In order to ease inconveniences caused by the temporary closure, the Seoul city government will focus on services informing citizens of alternative routes and will provide additional subway and bus services.1 hour extended operations of Seoul subway lines 1,4 and 6 will be implemented during rush hour (7:00-10:00, 18:00-20:00). The operation number will be extended to 16 per day. In case of subway delays due to an increased number of passengers, one extra train for each line (1, 4 and 6) will be on standby for emergency deployment. The Seoul city government also plans to extend the number of bus operations on 11 routes to 89 per day.Beginning at midnight on February 22nd, drivers are to detour to the Dongbu, Bukbu, North Riverside Gangbyun and Olympic highways. Drivers should use other ramps.Motorists that usually use the Wolgok ramp on the Naebu expressway in the Seongsan-bound lanes are to take the Dongbu highway (Wolleung IC-> Hawolgok IC), and drivers who usually take the Majang entry ramp should take travel from Jongam-ro to Gireum IC (outside line).Motorists that usually use the Wolgok ramp on the Naebu expressway in Seongsu-bound lanes are to use a route from Hawolgok IC on Bukbu highway to Dongbu highway or Jongam-ro, while drivers who usually take the Majang exit ramp should take the following route: Jeongneung IC-> Arirang-ro -> Bomun-ro or Gireum IC-> Jongam-ro.The Seoul city government is asking citizens to cooperate by taking alternative routes and using public transportation due to anticipated temporary traffic congestion while it performs the repair and reinforcement work to ensure the safety of citizens.To minimize inconveniences for citizens, the Seoul City government will do its best to finish the repair and reinforcement work on the Jeongneungcheon overpass as soon as possible.
In accordance with Article 14 of the Foreign Investment Promotion Act (FIPA), Article 20 of the FIPA Enforcement Decree, Article 15 and 16 of the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) Ordinance on Support for Foreign Investment, we hereby offer notification of the plan, outlined below, to provide subsidies for employment, education, and training for foreign invested enterprises in Seoul Metropolitan City in 2016. Eligible companies are kindly requested to submit subsidy applications in accordance with the following.February 18, 2016
14 festivals are selected as representative festivals in Seoul called Brand Festivals for each season. For those who missed Seoul International Fireworks Festival and Seoul Lantern Festival, Seoul Metropolitan Government prepares other festival schedules. Check the schedules in advance and have a great time all through the year!When spring comes, we should go out flower viewing! Starting with cherry-blossom festival and following of Seoul Jungnang Rose Festival, Yeon Deung Hoe Event (Lotus Lantern Festival) will make spring in Seoul more beautiful.First of all, when cherry-blossom starts to bloom, Yongdeungpo Yeouido Spring Flower Festival
is opened along Yeouiseo-ro street (1.7km) where the street shows magnificent scene. Yeongdeungpo Yeouido Spring Flower Festival celebrating its 12th anniversary this year is a leading spring festival in Korea with 6 million visitors.In spring, you cant miss roses, the queen of flowers. During Seoul Jungnang Rose Festival on May, the whole area of Junghwa Sports Park and Surim Grand Park is blanketed with roses. 5.1km long rose tunnel, temple of roses and rose flower parade will make your May perfumed with flowers.When Buddhas Birthday in May comes, Seouls spring night lights up with colorful Yeon Deung (Lotus Lantern). Jogyesa Temple and Cheonggyecheon will hold traditional lantern exhibition, and lotus lantern parade will take place from Dongdaemun to Jogyesa Temple. Yeon Deung Hoe is the 122nd Important Intangible Cultural Properties and has 1,300 years of history from Silla Dynasty to Joseon Dynasty. It is a traditional folk festival and has a meaning and value beyond religious event.Go to see photos of Lotus Lantern FestivalSeoul Drum Festival will be held at Seoul Plaza this year, which bits your heart. So far, the festival has invited the best overseas and domestic artists and showed the best performance content. And it will be back with greater and more wonderful line-up.
When it comes to summer, dabbling in water is the best. You can play in water in Seoul without going to beach. Sinchon Watergun Festival will be opened at Yonsei-ro car-free street, in Sinchon so that it will blow off scorching sunlight and waves of heat rising from the blacktop. Not only big scale of water gun battle but also water slides and DJ shows will make the atmosphere of festival the best.In Hangang River, famous for a summer retreat in Seoul, Hangang River Summer Festival will be held. The festival has 10 million people every year and it will be the biggest a riverside culture festival including Hangang River swimming pool, water leisure sports programs, and campgrounds.Go to see photos of Hangang Summer Festival in SeoulSeouls summer night is hotter than day. Seoul Culture Night will be held at Seoul Plaza and Dongdaemun History & Culture Park. You can feel captivating summer night with programs such as Night Owl Festival, Citizen Plaza that are waiting for your participation.Chungmuro International Musical Film Festival will be opened at Chungmu Art Hall and DDP (Dongdaemun Design Plaza). You can enjoy All That Musical showing musical films of all countries of the world and see performances with live recordings and original musical works.
When Seoul turns yellow and red, Go, Go Jongno Culture Festival starts at the whole area of Jongno-gu, such as Insa-dong and Cheonggyecheon Stream, etc. It is a festival that takes you to the past. Seoul with more than 2,000 years of history and plentiful cultural resources invites you to Insa Korean Art & Cultural Festival, Yukuijeon Festival, Korean Royal Cuisine Festival, and Festival of Korean Traditional Clothes.At Gwanghwamun Plaza, Seoul Arirang Festival will be held. This festival, in its 4th year, will become a representative of culture art festivals by performing the largest ever Arirang performance.At the end of autumn, Seoul International Fireworks Festival, the highlight of festivals in Seoul, will take place to fill autumn night sky with fireworks. Also, dont miss Hi Seoul Festival held in various places in Seoul City.Go to see photos of Seoul International Fireworks Festival
As Gimjang (preparing for kimchi for the winter) is a representative Korean culture, it was registered in a UNESCO World Heritage List. To bridge tradition and modernity and to harmonize with people from all countries of the world, Seoul Metropolitan Government has held Seoul Kimchi Making & Sharing Festival since 2014. It will be held at Seoul Plaza, Gwanghwamun Square and the whole area of Taepyeong-ro street, and it will be the festival where you can feel, experience and taste Korean culture. Go to see photos of Seoul Kimchi Making & Sharing Festival Seoul Lantern Festival brightens up Cheonggyecheon Stream with lanterns. It becomes a representative of Seoul festival that attracts many foreign travelers. In winter night, you cant miss the spectacle with hundreds of thousands of lanterns with various themes every year.
For detailed dates, times and locations of monthly festivals, please refer to Cultural Events Calendar at the Official Website of Seoul Metropolitan Government updated every end of the month. Go to see photos of Seoul Lantern FestivalGo to Cultural Events Calendar webpage of the Official Website of Seoul Metropolitan Government
To improve the lives of foreign residents in Seoul, Seoul Metropolitan Government is recruiting volunteers, Seoul Quality of Life Monitors. They will provide suggestions about inconvenience in every aspect of their daily lives and will find best overseas policy so that Seoul Metropolitan Government can reflect them to policy making. Seoul Quality of Life Monitors will do volunteer work from April to December and will play a role as a channel for regular proposal to improve inconvenience. In addition, programs such as Korean Culture and History Experience and Tour Relating to Seoul Policy will be implemented during the volunteer work.To improve the lives of foreign residents in Seoul, Seoul Metropolitan Government is now recruiting foreign volunteers who are willing to provide suggestions about inconveniences in every aspect of their daily lives, such as those related to multi-cultural family affairs, legal and governmental policy. 2016. 2. 22. (Monday) ~  3.7.(Monday) 00 people Monitoring Team: Foreigners or  marriage immigrants (including naturalized citizens) who meet all of the requirements below This activity is considered volunteer work and does not grant any special legal status.
In February 2016, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will embark on the first step of a public initiation project, the first of the two steps in the [Dasi (Again)Sewoon Project]. After this first step, Jongno, Sewoon Shopping Mall, and CheonggyeDaerim Shopping Mall will be connected. The first step of this project is expected to be completed by May 2017.The Seoul Metropolitan Government held an international design competition in June 2015, in which Environmental Scape Architects Modern Vernacular was chosen as the winning design. In December 2015, the design was finalized after holding briefing sessions with the owners and renters of the shopping districts (17 times), organizing and running a design advisory group consisting of field experts (4 times), and other preliminary tasks. In addition, following the announcement of the Renewal (Revitalization) Project of Sewoon Shopping Mall in February 2015, the Seoul Metropolitan Government arranged *Meetings for artists and resident representatives (36 times) , *Portrait interviews (270 times), *Running Sewoon Forum consisting of field experts and other specialists (12 times), all in order to gather a variety of opinions and recommendations for the project. As the result, the project has expanded to installing a Sewoon Shopping Mall observatory elevator and toilets on the pedestrian deck, connecting the underground street of Euljiro to the project, installing an escalator that connects to the deck, and outdoor fan for air conditioners on the second floor.  On the morning of January 28, the Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the commencement of a public initiation project: the first step of the two-steps for [Dasi (Again)Sewoon Project], at the courtyard located on the fifth floor of Sewoon Shopping Mall. Around 200 guests will attend, including Park Won-soon, the mayor of Seoul, Jung Ho-jun, a member of the National Assembly, Kim Young-jong, the head of Jongno-gu, owners and renters of Sewoon Shopping Mall, local residents, and others. On the same day, representatives of the Sewoon Shopping Mall owners, representatives of merchants, and Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon concluded the Gentrification Prevention Agreement, making a commitment to refrain from raising the rent. In addition, the Public Space Usage Agreement was signed, which guarantees free recreational space for local residents, such as a courtyard, the project rooftop, underground space, and others. The cost for facility improvement will be covered by the Seoul Metropolitan Government.The main contents of the [Dasi (Again)Sewoon Project] can be largely divided into three themes: (1)Walk again in Sewoon (Regenerating the Pedestrian Walkways) (2)Visit again Sewoon (Regenerating the Industry) (3)Smile again in Sewoon (Regenerating the Community).First, Pedestrian Regeneration aims at restoring the value of a multi-dimensional city by gradually implementing a number of exciting projects: *Building the Dasi Sewoon Square between Jongmyo Shrine and Sewoon Shopping Mall (expected date of completion: October 2016) *Building an above-ground pedestrian bridge above Cheonggyecheon Stream (expected date of completion: February 2017) *Repairing the deck between Sewoon and Daerim Shopping Malls, and installing a platform cell in the shape of a container box (expected date of completion: May 2017).By October 2016, the Sewoon Greenway Park will be reborn as the Dasi Sewoon Square, a square built on a slope from which the Jongmyo Shrine can be observed. In the space below the square and the slope, a number of events such as outdoor concerts, flea markets, exhibitions, and others will be held for local residents. The above-ground pedestrian bridge between Sewoon and Daerim Shopping Mall, which was disconnected during the restoration of Cheonggyecheon Stream in 2005, will be rebuilt to allow visitors of Cheonggyecheon Stream access to the Jongmyo Shrine and Namsan Mountain via a south-northern walkway and an east-western walkway that directly connects Daerim Shopping Mall and Euljiro Underground Shopping Center. The pedestrian deck of Sewoon Shopping Mall will be transformed into a new attraction where visitors can observe the Seoul Sky. A deck will be built on the second floor in addition to the deck on the third floor, and exhibition rooms, rest areas, toilets, and other facilities in the shape of container boxes will be built between the second and third floor. The deck on the third floor will be entirely repaired and reinforced for the safety of residents, and the condition of the facility will be improved above level B from the current level D. Second, In order to revitalize industry, Sewoon Shopping Mall will be developed into an innovative hub of creative manufacturing industry by connecting the potential of Sewoon Shopping Mall and external growth engines. In order to fulfill this plan, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will offer policy support by *Establishing and running a cooperative support center for Dasi Sewoon (from November 2016) *Test-operating the Sewoon Living Lab (May-October 2016) *Inviting a strategic department consulting (from February 2016), and other supportive tasks.Finally, in order to realize the regional revitalization led by residents, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will be running the Dasi Sewoon Citizen Council, an autonomous community organization, and support programs that strengthen the ability of residents, including *Suri Cooperative Association, consisting of technical artisans of every field (October 2016), *21C Alchemist, from the Alternative School of Science Technology (July 2016), *Sewoon Shopping Mall University (April 2016), and other community-focused events. In addition, a Lease Dispute Resolution Committee will be organized related to Gentrification and operated to resolve disputes over rental fees and provide legal support, such as hiring lawyers and tax accountants.The Seoul Metropolitan Government is anticipating the following outcomes through the implementation of [Dasi (Again)Sewoon Project]: *A fivefold increase of the floating population (from 2,314 people a day to 13,000) *A 30% increase in sales *More than two hundred new businesses *Over 70% of businesses to have signed a rental contract based on the Gentrification Prevention Agreement, among other achievements. The current project is expected to accelerate the urban renewal project of the neighboring areas of Sewoon Shopping Mall. Meanwhile, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will begin a feasibility study for the second step of the project in February. The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to complete a basic conceptual plan before the end of the year and complete the project in 2019 by thoroughly collecting opinions from the local residents, including the plan to connect the pathway of Sampoong Shopping Mall and Poongjun Hotel, from which the third-floor deck will have been removed. Seoul Mayor Park Won-soon said, Today is the day that the Sewoon Shopping Mall will announce its return to the hearts of the citizens after a long wait, and the Seoul Metropolitan Government will continue to invest in the skill and knowledge of our citizens and provide a feasible budget for the regional revitalization led by citizens, and added, We will also make our best effort to revitalize the neighboring areas of Sewoon Shopping Mall, a place that is not only an urban and structural heritage of Seoul, but also a place with deep cultural value and meaning as a historical, cultural and industrial complex. We will also carry forward our plan so that the Sewoon Shopping Mall will be reborn as a landmark that connects all walkways of Seoul in every direction.* More information for Seoul Mayor announcement of Dasi Sewoon Project:
Seoul city is holding 2016 Foreign Residents Community Culture Festival Contestto stimulate community activities and cultural events for foreign residents, and to provide opportunities to experience diverse world culture for citizens in Seoul. Selected festival will be supported by the city of Seoul with up to 6 million won, which is targeted to be within 80% of the total expense. Cultural events hosted by a foreign embassy or foreign community group Cultural events hosted by a private organization Partial support for event expenses (up to 80% of total expenses may be covered)  Maximum subsidy amount is limited to 6 million Korean won Period : 2016. 2.11(Thu) ~ 2.19(Fri), 18:00 ocuments to Submit : Application Form, Self-introduction to the Organization, Detailed Event Plan Please download the Application Form from the SMG website (www.seoul.go.kr) or the Seoul Global Centers website (global.seoul.go.kr) How to Apply : By e-mail  Where to Apply : Multiculturalism Division, Seoul Metropolitan Government Following the criteria for selection, one event per country will be chosen, where non- cultural exchange events such as private internal events, club events, and fundraising events will be excluded from consideration for support.  Events that have been selected will receive a notification, and special arrangements regarding each event will be made respectively. More than one event per country may be selected in certain circumstances. (e.g. for events celebrating two countries diplomatic ties) Also, arrangements regarding the date, time, and venue of all events will be discussed and decided upon with the Seoul Metropolitan Government. (All events have to be held before November.) After examining the financial statements from each event, and determining that there are no problems, the grant will be provided within 30 days after the event.Application Form
The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to establish a variety of facilities including cafes, a library, an outdoor stage, and a rose square on the elevated road of Seoul Station, a project expected to be completed in April 2017. Only a few days ago the elevated road was a road for vehicles. The Seoul Metropolitan Government established the basic plan of Seoul Station 7017 Project which focuses on transforming the 939m of the deteriorated elevated road near Seoul Station from a road for cars to a Walking Path for people. The road, which has served as a road for cars for the past 45 years, will now be connected to 17 pedestrian roads. Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon said, Instead of tearing down the old to build the new, as we have in the past, we are planning on adding value to the existing structures, adding to the lives of Seoul citizens through urban renewal. This project will be a fresh attempt to trigger the revitalization of the deteriorated Seoul Station area using a path for people and the vitality it evokes.Starting March 2016, the city will start repair and rehabilitation of the bridge for citizens safety. As many as 264 bridge support systems, which have been rated E in safety audits, will be entirely replaced with seismic isolation support, an earthquake-resistant material. Also the elevated road will be connected to 17 pedestrian roads through elevators, escalators, bridges, and other pedestrian-friendly pathways. Furthermore, it is expected that people in the adjacent buildings will be able to access the Seoul Station overpass by walking through the bridges. On the elevated park, there will be about 20 facilities including cafes, a library, an outdoor stage, flower shops, and 16 large and small squares. As a result, the overpass is expected to be a public resting place in the urban area surrounding Seoul Station. In addition,Seoul metropolitan government is supposed to establish and operate the Seoul Station 7017 Infogardenin April 2016 at Seoul Square, with an aim to display the renewed Seoul Station overpass beforehand. The infogarden will have an elevated park model exhibition, a video experience center, and book cafes. Visitors to the infogarden will have the opportunity to see 11 flowerpots expected to be placed on the road in advance.  For more information about Seoul Station 7017 Project:
The Seoul city government has published a romantic travel essay on Seoul with Chinese travel power blogger Susu () and travel essay writer Sunjien ().Co-writer Susu is a popular travel power blogger among young people, with 3.50 million fans on Weibo, one of the most popular Chinese social media sites. The other co-writer, Sunjien, is a best-selling travel writer who has travelled to 95 countries for 14 years, appeared on TV travel shows, and given lectures. Seoul has published the 285-page travel essay  (not for sale), written by two famous Chinese travel writers, in both Korean and Chinese. The two writers honestly expressed what they saw and felt in Seoul as Chinese travellers through narratives, images, and video footage. 
Beginning this year, Seoul will be the first municipality to adopt the Alert System of Migratory Birds Information for Avian Influenza (AI) Quarantine Measures. By attaching location-tracking systems to migratory birds, the system will send an alert and enable the government to take prompt actions if the birds, which have traveled AI infected regions, come to Seoul. For this preventive measure, the city will capture 60 resident and migratory birds inhabiting the area around the Hangang River, such as Jungnangcheon Stream, Tancheon Stream, and Gangseo Ecological Park, and examine whether they are infected with AI or not. Expert staff will then attach a Global Positional System (GPS) to 30 healthy birds in order to monitor their travel routes. The location-tracking systems are connected to wideband code division multiple access (WCDMA) operated by a domestic telecommunications company in order to monitor the birds travel route in real time on the Internet (integrated management system for tracking locations) and on mobile phones. When the birds coming from the AI infected areas are expected to arrive in Seoul, the Research Institute of Public Health & Environment will immediately send alerts to district offices and other relative institutes. This will allow each institute to take preventive and quarantine measures against AI.With the introduction of this system, Seoul is expected to secure the public rest spaces for citizens as well as to prevent AI. See Seouls policies on welfare & health & security:
Seoul is planning to go ahead with the second step of the Urban Renewal and Revitalization Project of Seoul, the project whose aim is to realize neighborhood-centered urban planning through community building with citizen participation. Areas designated as a final target area will be subsidized by as much as 10 billion to 50 billion won by the government over a period of five years. The Urban Renewal and Revitalization Project is currently underway in 13 areas, including the entire area of Seoul Station, Sewoon Shopping Mall, and Nakwon Shopping Center, all of which were determined as final target areas for the first step in 2015. Seoul introduced an Advance Preparation Phase to the second step of the Urban Renewal & Revitalization Project of Seoul for the first time. The phase is meant to strengthen the capacity of residents to engage in community activity roughly one year in advance and afterword evaluate the results. In the meantime, the municipal government is soliciting citizen input and determining final target areas. Target areas will be selected according to the influence the project will have on the given areas, and are categorized into three types: Economy-based type Urban central area type of neighborhood regeneration General type of neighborhood regeneration The Economy-based type is aimed at reinforcing regional competitiveness by selecting areas with key facilities on the municipal and national levels, such as a railway service. Urban central area type of neighborhood regeneration is aimed at revitalizing history, culture, and tourism hubs. Candidate areas for the Economy-based type and Urban central area type of neighborhood regeneration will be determined based on suggestions from autonomous districts. The process of ascertaining public opinion will include running an idea contest to citizens so as to gather a variety of ideas and form a social consensus about the necessity of urban renewal and revitalization.The General type of neighborhood regeneration is aimed at revitalizing declined residential areas and local businesses. After selecting 20 candidate areas according to public input from residents, final target areas for the urban renewal and revitalization project will be determined based on the results of the capacity building programs for the residents, such as a program for suggesting regional agendas and increasing citizens ability to have their voices help determine the future of the city. 
Mayor Park Won-soon was selected as a global leader of Davos Forum by young global leaders aged between twenties and thirties, along with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau who is leading innovations and expansion in Canada, and Governor of Grameen Bank Muhammad Yunus who is a Nobel Peace laureate. Seoul reported that Mayor Park Won-soon, currently at Davos Forum (20-23 January 2016), was invited to Meet the Leaders with Global Shaper, so he had an opportunity to communicate comfortably with around 50 young leaders on 21 January at 11:30 AM (local time)The Meet the Leaders session is led by Global Shaper a community under Davos Forum consisting of young businessmen and civic activists aged between twenties and thirties. The community invites leaders from various fields in the world as mentors for the session every year. The Global Shaper community, which was founded in 2011, has 452 Hubs and about 5,000 members in 169 countries around the world. Each year, 50 members of the community participate in the session Meet the Leaders.     Along with Mayor Park, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, Governor of Grameen Bank Muhammad Yunus, Co-Chair of the Bill &Melinda GatesFoundation Melinda Gates, and Queen Maxima of the Netherlands were selected and invited as a leader of Davos Forum in 2016. In 2015, French President Francois Hollande, British Prime Minister Gordon Brown, and Brazilian President Lula were invited as a leader of Davos Forum. The leaders will communicate freely with the young participants in individual sessions for each leader without any specific topics provided. Mayor Park shares his story how he became the mayor of Seoul from a lawyer experiencing the transition of Seoul into a civil society, and introduces innovative policies in Seoul, such as One Less Nuclear Power Plant Policy and Owl Bus Policy emphasizing the importance of citizen participation.  In addition, Park is scheduled to attend other two sessions, which are Governors Policy Meeting for Infrastructure & Urban Development The Soul of the City to make a special speech and have discussions.  First of all, at the closed meeting Governors Policy Meeting for  Infrastructure & Urban Development (in Casana 2 Room at the Center) held at 09:15 AM , he will introduce 2030 Seoul Master Plan which was designed, participated, and decided by citizens, and Seoul Station 7017 Project which is a plan to turn the deteriorated elevated road near Seoul Station into a path for people. He will suggest a new direction for urban development according to the Fourth Industrial Revolution as well.   At 20:00 , he will speak on three values of HistoryNatureHuman in the city of Seoul amid the rapid transition to The Digital Age led by the Fourth Industrial Revolution as a discussion leader at The Soul of City (Ameron Swiss Mountain Hotel).  In the meantime, Mayor Park and Communist Party Secretary of Guangzhou Ren Xuefeng will discuss how to cooperate to deal with several common issues of two cities, including the improvement of air quality and the support for startups on 21 January at 17:30 , followed by individual meetings with leaders of global organizations, such as OECD and UNESCO, and the CEOs of global companies on 20 January.  He will also have a discussion on the measures to prevent cultural heritages from being destroyed by wars and terrors at the luncheon with Director General of UNESCO Irina Bokova. After that, he will attend another session From Digital Divides to Dividends where President of the World Bank JimYong Kim and Head of World Economic Forum Alex Wong will talk about how to narrow the gap of digital access. Mayor Park said, From Davos Forum, I had the chance to learn about the Fourth Industrial Revolution which is a theme of Davos Forum this year, and an on-going challenge to the entire world. Interacting with global leaders, I could introduce the changes and innovations in Seoul to the world. He also added, Seoul has already adopted new technologies of the Fourth Industrial Revolution, such as big data and Internet of Things, to the administration, so we will find more ways to apply the issues discussed at Davos Forum to policy making.   
Mayor Park Won-soon will speak on Seouls Administrative Innovation and Governance at the 46th World Economic Forum Annual Meeting in Davos, Switzerland from 20 to 23 January, 2016. Global leaders from around 40 countries, including Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, U.S Vice President Joe Biden, and the Director of IMF Christine Lagarde, and around 2,500 delegates from government, industry, and the academic world are also attending the forum. The 46th World Economic Forum will deal with the effects of the digital transformation to the world under the theme: Mastering the Fourth Industrial Revolution.  Mayor Park will attend four sessions (Fostering Innovation in Cities Governors Policy Meeting for Infrastructure & Urban Development Meet the Leaders The Soul of the City) on 20 and 21 January. At the three sessions of themFostering Innovation in Cities, Governors Policy Meeting for Infrastructure & Urban Development, The Soul of the CityMayor Park will introduce some examples of Seouls Administrative Innovation reflecting the idea of the fourth industrial revolution, such as Owl Bus, a late-night bus service for citizens, which was developed based on the big data of three billion phone calls, and the so-called 2030 Seoul Master Plan established by citizens Governance.
In addition, he will attend the session of Meet the Leaders, which is led by Global Shaper, an organization under Davos Forum consisting of young businessmen and civil activists aged between twenties and thirties. This session is a place for free communication with invited leaders from various fields around the world. Moreover, Mayor Park will find opportunities to improve the global image of Seoul, strengthen the global network, and collaborate with the world by having individual meetings with important people from governments, organizations, and industries, including the Director General of UNESCO Irina Georgieva Bokova, the Secretary General of OECD Angel Gurria, and the CEO of Schneider Electric Jean-Pascal Tricoire.In particular, Mayor Park will attend sessions by himself without a retinue, serving as a correspondent in Davos. He plans to report the forum in real time directly to Seoul citizens through his social media accounts, such as Twitter and Facebook. Mayor Park said, The Fourth Industrial Revolution, the main theme of this forum, has already begun. By leading the trend, Seoul will establish various policies accordingly to achieve the Fourth Administrative Revolution. And he added, As the Mayor of Seoul and correspondent in Davos, I will deliver what I learn and feel at the forum to Seoul citizens in real time. 
Seoul Metropolitan Government recently announced its plan to provide ultra-high-speed public Wi-Fi on the trains of the Seoul subway system beginning in 2017. After a trial run slated to begin in January 2017 on Subway Lines 4 and 8, the Wi-Fi service will be made available on the trains of all subway lines in October 2017.The Wi-Fi service currently offered on Seouls subway system is based on a Wi-Bro network established in 2011. However, the Wi-Fi speed is limited to only 10Mbps, and when user density is high, the speed is limited even further. In order to improve this service, Seoul Metropolitan Government will be switching the existing Wi-Bro network to an ultra-high-speed Wi-Fi network, allowing subway passengers with mobile devices to access the Internet without disconnection or speed limitations, even in environments with high user density. The city is also planning to provide a more inclusive telecommunications service by expanding the network to include the immediate surroundings of Seouls subways stations.The installation of the new network will be completed by December 2016, after which it will be offered as a test service on Subway Lines 4 and 8 from January 2017. In October 2017, the communications network will be offered on all subway lines.
In 2015, Seoul Metropolitan Government attracted a total reported foreign direct investment (FDI) of USD 8.489 billion (as of December 27), the largest amount ever. This is a 54.7 percent increase over the USD 5.488 billion in 2014 and accounts for 41.6 percent of the total reported amount of FDI in Korea, which reached as high as USD 20.43 billion in 2015.Chinese investment increases 22 times over that of last year increases recorded in financial industry (247.3 percent) and M&A (173.9 percent)
The city government indicated that the main reasons for the increase in FDI in 2015 were: a 2,138-percent increase in investment from China, a 247.3-percent increase in investment in the financial industry, and a 174-percent increase in M&A investment. Seoul makes active marketing efforts, including holding nine overseas IR sessions on Seouls most promising industries and signing MOUs with eight organizations
Last year, Seoul Metropolitan Government actively promoted investment relations (IR) at home and abroad in an effort to achieve economic growth through the expansion of FDI. Also, through systematic activities to attract investment, the city signed MOUs with a number of organizations. Seoul makes continuous efforts to create jobs through FDI and ensure the citys economic growth
Seoul Metropolitan Government will operate teams tasked with increasing FDI in specific industries that are believed to have the greatest potential to contribute to Seouls economy, especially the financial, ICT, and bioscience industries. Moreover, the city government will actively attempt to attract investment both domestically and internationally for established as well as up-and-coming companies.
Seoul Metropolitan Government will spend KRW 217.8 billion this year to undertake a total of 836 IT projects, including projects that integrate cutting-edge IT technology, such as the Internet of Things (IoT), big data, and cloud, thereby maximizing the efficiency of the citys administration and revitalizing the IT industry.Most importantly, the Seoul IoT City Project, which utilizes IoT to resolve urban problems, such as those related to residential environments, education, and safety, will be expanded to a larger trial area, centering on densely populated residential areas. In addition, the city government will promote the launching of the tentatively named IoT Incubation Center, which will support the efforts of developers by providing them with spaces to come up with and develop new ideas and conduct experiments freely.Another of these projects, the trial Real Time Aerial Monitoring System Project, which focuses on utilizing high-quality spatial images captured using drones as reference material for urban planning and policymaking tasks, will begin sometime in March this year.Also, the Seoul Big Data Campus will be established as a place where city government officials and citizens may utilize big data collected by Seoul Metropolitan Government to analyze and research social problems in the city. The campus is expected to enter operation in June, after the necessary network, servers, software, and basic infrastructure have been built.In addition, several projects will be launched to establish critical infrastructure for the Cloud Center, an integrated surveillance camera network around Seoul City Wall, as well as a visitor management system for the Seoul Medical Center.
A true cultural playground with an abundance of treasures for visitors to see and enjoy all throughout the year, Citizens Hall showcases permanent exhibitions of all kinds of artworks, including paintings, photographs, and handicrafts. And the fact that admission is free of charge is another reason the Citizens Hall is so loved by the citizens of Seoul.You cant help but lose track of time while browsing through the over 200 types of rare fair trade goods at Earth Village, a shop where visitors can purchase creative products manufactured by small companies, and Seoul Bookstore, where you can find all kinds of books about Seoul. Relax at the Citizens Hall lounge, where performances are held by different artists every weekday from noon to 1 p.m., and grab a cup of fair trade coffee from Earth Village to renew your passion for life.
 Citizens Hall is open from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. every day (closed on Mondays).Visitors will also be interested in taking a look around the first floor lobby of the new city hall building, where prize-winning artworks from citizens competitions and notable administrative documents and materials are showcased throughout the year. For the convenience of visitors, there are also numerous amenities, such as an Internet kiosk, cellphone charging station, and water fountains.To discover another gallery in the city hall, walk past the lobby, take the elevator, and go to Sky Plaza on the eighth floor. A wide variety of artworks is showcased in this gallery, which is also the best vantage point in the city hall from which to look out over the city and collect your thoughts.If your legs start to ache from all the walking, you might like to stop by the Happiness Plus Caf on the ninth floor. This caf offers a full view of City Hall Plaza, spacious seating, and inexpensive drinks and desserts, making it a great place to satiate your hunger and take a rest.
  Sky Plazas Happiness Plus Caf is open from 7:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. on weekdays and from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. on weekends and holidays.If you would like a better view of the surrounding area, walk past the entrance to Deoksugung Palace, enter the Seoul City Hall Seosomun Building 1, and go up to the 13th floor, where you will find a huge window next to a small coffee shop. From here, you can look down at Gwanghwamun Gate and Deoksugung Palace and see out over the entire Jeong-dong area and Inwangsan Mountain. What makes this 13th-floor lookout point even better is that it is open to the public free of charge. This place, which offers a fantastic view for visitors to enjoy every day, is the Jeong-dong Observatory. The Jeong-dong Observatory is open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.
This year, Songpa-gu was selected as the district that best monitors the activities of companies that discharge environment pollutants. In the Comprehensive Evaluation of Environmental Management by District, conducted annually by Seoul Metropolitan Government, Songpa-gu topped the list in 2015, followed by Seocho-gu and Gangdong-gu.Songpa-gu received high scores for its database maintenance by company and excellent inspection plans. It was also lauded for its systematic structure based on inspections and instruction and highly rated for its excellent promotional efforts.This years evaluation focused on: establishing a pleasant living environment for citizens, building a fair and transparent environmental administration, and implementing effective inspection and instruction tasks.The Environmental management of companies that discharge environmental pollutants comprehensively evaluates the number of inspections of and instruction sessions provided to relevant businesses and the proportion of businesses that violated the relevant requirements of the law. The proportion of enterprises that violated the requirements increased slightly from 12 percent last year to 13 percent, and the total number of enterprises against which the government took legal action was 86, which translates to 30 percent, considerably less than the 37 percent last year.Based on this years evaluations, Seoul Metropolitan Government will induce other districts to benchmark the examples of exemplary districts through training and networking and plans to take supplementary measures to address any problems faced by districts that performed poorly.
Seoul Metropolitan Government spent three years, from 2013 to 2015, building flood damage prevention structures for 12 of the 34 flood prone districts in Seoul, including the Sinchon Rotary and Seolleung Station areas. The approximately 40,000 households living in these areas now no longer need to worry about their homes being flooded on an annual basis.As a preliminary step in its new effort to protect Seoul from flood damage following the record rainfalls in the summers of 2010 and 2011, Seoul Metropolitan Government designated 34 flood prone districts throughout the city. These have been further classified into three categories based on the amount of rainfall they have received: special management districts (11), priority management districts (16), and miscellaneous districts (7). In-depth analyses were conducted on the causes of flooding in each of these districts, and tailor-made solutions were developed for each one, such as maintenance work on streams (rivers) and sewage systems, installation of new or additional rainwater pumping stations, construction of rainwater storage and drainage facilities, adjustment of boundaries of drainage areas, and installation of basin separation tunnels. These solutions are currently being implemented in stages. In 2015, flood damage prevention work was completed in three districts: the Sinchon Rotary area (maintenance work on 1.14 kilometers of sewage pipes), the Seongdae Market area in Sangdo-dong (installation of 1.3 kilometers of underdrain along Daebangcheon Stream), and the Pungnap 1- and 2-dong Community Service Center area (maintenance work on 4.99 kilometers of incurrent canals at the Pungnap Pumping Station).In 2013, the construction of flood damage prevention facilities was completed in five districts (Guui-dong and Jayang-dong area, Myeonmok-dong area, Miasamgeori area, Jangwi-dong area, and Gasan Digital Complex), followed by four more districts in 2014 (Younglim Elementary School area in Yeongdeungpo-gu, Jangan 1-dong Community Service Center area, Seolleung Station area, and Euljiro 1-ga Station area). In 2015, construction work in an additional 3 districts was completed, bringing the total to 12 districts over a three year period.In 2016, Seoul Metropolitan Government will continue the project by building flood damage prevention facilities in five more districts, and expects to complete the facilities for the remaining 17 districts by 2019.
To celebrate the new year, Seoul Metropolitan Government is offering a diverse range of cultural events for everyone to enjoy with family, friends, or loved ones in January 2016.The Sejong Arts Center will host the New Years Concert: Opening Up Tomorrow By Yesterdays Light on January 7 at 7:30 p.m. at the Sejong Grand Theater. This concert aims to create a connection between the music of the past and the music of the present by featuring young musicians who are striving to popularize traditional Korean music and pioneer new genres. They will present a performance that promotes the coexistence of yesterday and today, of old and new. Ticket prices range from KRW 20,000 to 50,000 (inquiries: 02-399-1000). Parents who wish to give their children special memories during the vacation months should consider taking them to see The Tempest, a musical reinterpretation of Shakespeares famous romantic masterpiece. This performance will be held at the Sejong M Theater from January 13 (Tues) to 31 (Sun). Viewers can expect a family-friendly version of the original work that still expresses the same profound emotional depth and meaning. Moreover, each performance of the play will provide English subtitles and a study guide to each audience member, giving them the rare opportunity to enhance their understanding of the play by reading the original text while viewing the live performance. The Tempest is great for not only Shakespeare enthusiasts but also parents who want to give their children more exposure to English. Ticket prices range from KRW 20,000 to 40,000 (inquiries: 02-399-1000).Until March 13 (Sun), the Seoul Museum of Art will put the spotlight on the creative world of world-famous movie director Stanley Kubrick. A titan of the movie industry who created some of the most innovative films in movie history, including 2001: A Space Odyssey, The Shining, and Eyes Wide Shut, Kubrick has been paid homage by some of the most eminent movie directors of our time, including Christopher Nolan and Steven Spielberg. Held in Asia for the first time, this exhibition is also significant as it is the largest of its kind to date. Until February 21, the SeMA Nam Seoul Living Arts Museum will be featuring the SeMA Modern History Project Evolved Museum: The Former Belgian Consulate. The exhibition gives a glimpse into the past and highlights the present of the building that once served as the Belgian Consulate during the Daehan Empire and is currently being used as the Nam Seoul Living Arts Museum. This exhibit provides a unique opportunity to gain a deeper understanding of the rich historic significance of this modern cultural heritage while appreciating its present value as an art museum.The Sejong Museum of Art is currently holding an exhibition on Paik Nam June, the father of two-way TV communication, titled Paik Nam June: Groove_Heung. This special exhibition sheds new light on the creative world of Paik in commemoration of the 10th anniversary of his death and will be open to the public until January 29. On Fridays and Saturdays during the exhibition period, informal lectures will be held on Paiks work. As the meaning behind Paiks artwork is often difficult to grasp at first, the Museum is permitting visitors to view the exhibition on two separate occasions with one ticket. Until March 13, the Seoul Museum of History will be holding Gyeonghuigung Palace Still Lives, an exhibition outlining the 400-year history of the palace that was deeply treasured by Kings Yeongjo and Jeongjo. Having served alongside Changdeokgung Palace as one of the two main palaces of the royal family in the late Joseon period, Gyeonghuigung Palace and its history will be presented in detail through over 200 relics, including stone statues and palace records. This exhibition is an opportunity for visitors to get a glimpse into the extensive history of this remarkable palace. Until March 27, the DDP Design Museum will be holding the fifth segment of The Treasures of Kansong : Flowers, Birds, and Animals in Korean Painting. The paintings of flowers, birds, insects, and fish featured in this exhibition show that this genre was just as popular with ancient Koreans as landscape and portrait paintings. Featuring the most representative artworks from a period that spans 500 years, from the reign of King Gongmin in late Goryeo to the time of artist Lee Do-hyeong in late Joseon, the exhibition will show visitors the differences in painting styles across multiple generations.For more information or specific inquiries on cultural events in January, please refer to the Seoul Culture Portal (http://culture.seoul.go.kr), the website of the hosting organization, or the 120 Dasan Call Center.
In response to various economic difficulties faced by Seoul citizens, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will be offering public welfare benefits and programs in the year 2016 targeting certain demographics. For older residents on the verge of retirement, the city will be running the 50+ Campus program, which will provide connections to job opportunities, mentoring opportunities, education/counseling programs and culture/health programs. The 50+ Campus program will kick off in Seouls northwestern districts in April and expand to downtown districts in September. Through the program, citizens in their mid-50s will be provided with free mental health check-ups and consultations. The program marks the first time such services have been offered in Korea free of charge. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will also be offering support services to single mothers through a newly-established advice hotline operated as part of the 120 Dasan Call Center. The hotline will provide one-stop services for mothersfrom initial consultations to problem resolution provided by certified labor consultants. Also for mothers is the Seoul Baby Health Care program, a program in which trained professional nurses visit the homes of newborns to provide mother-baby health check-ups as well as childcare and breastfeeding information. In 2016, the program will be expanded to cover 18 districts.For building owners, the government will be operating the Seoul Long-Term Safe Shopping Arcade program, which will offer up to KRW 30 million in remodeling fees for building owners who provide long-term rental space to small business owners, the backbone of Seouls economy. This program is aimed at encouraging small businesses by providing space without excessive rent increases.In May, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will also begin a new housing support program in which the government purchases worn-out gosiwons and motel buildings and renovates them into residential spaces for single-person households. These renovated buildings will be made available at rent prices that are at least 50 percent cheaper than the going rate.To address the citys lack of parking, the government will be constructing eight public parking garages, which will go into operation sometime in 2016. These parking garages will be designed specifically with the convenience of Seoul citizens in mind.In order to address these and other key issues, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will be making changes related to 45 programs in five main areas. Changes include both the addition of new policies/programs as well as changes that will go into effect in 2016 due to legal amendments made by the city and/or national governments. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide details regarding these changes in the form of an online booklet titled Changes in Seoul Life in 2016.
Seoul Metro, the company that operates Seouls Subway Lines 1 through 4, announced that it had won a bid and signed a contract for an operation and maintenance consulting project for Manilas Metro Rail Transit Line 3 (MRT-3), a project worth KRW 1.3 billion. The bid was placed by the Department of Transportation and Communications of the Philippines. Seoul Metro is now tasked with increasing the efficiency of the operation and maintenance of the MRT-3 Line, which was opened in 1999 and designed to run at a maximum speed of 60 kilometers per hour. However, due to maintenance difficulties, it currently runs below 40 kilometers per hour. Therefore, The Philippines Department of Transportation and Communications launched this project to enhance the operational speed of the subway line by learning more advanced ways to operate and maintain the system. Another part of this project involves the manufacturing of new subway cars for the MRT-3 Line, and Seoul Metro will be responsible for supervising the manufacturing process. Since first entering the overseas urban railway market in 2008, Seoul Metro has won bids for a seven-year project to design the tracks for Ho Chi Minh Citys Metro Line 1 in Vietnam and a project to improve the signals for the subway system in Bangladesh. Currently, the company is preparing to participate in the construction of Ho Chi Minh City Metro Line 5 and the airport railway project in Vietnam, allowing it to establish a solid foothold in the Southeast Asian urban railway market.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has announced that it will be operating a 3-day forecast for fine (dust) particles beginning January 1. Originally introduced as a 2-day forecast (todays Forecast + Tomorrows forecast) in 2005, the fine dust particle forecast aims at protecting the respiratory health of Seoul citizens.The fine particle forecast is based on a four-part scale: Good, Moderate, Unhealthy, and Very Unhealthy. Todays forecast is provided each day at 05:00 and 11:00, while tomorrows forecast is provided daily at 17:00 and 23:00. The 3-day Forecast, which will predict the amount of fine particles in the air two days in advance, will be published on the Seoul Air Quality Information website every day at 17:00 and 23:00.   Seoul Air Quality Information
Is it possible for a house to detect a fire and call 119 by itself? It is in Seouls Bukchon district. Created through the cooperation of Seoul Metropolitan Government and private startup Merlin, the 119 Text Message Reporting Service was launched on December 28 with the installation of an IoT-based fire prevention and emergency services system in eight businesses in Bukchon Hanok Village. This is the first publically provided IoT service in Korea. The eight buildings that have been equipped with the new IoT service are: five guesthouses (Arirang House, Manhoedang, Hueahn, Bukchon Maru, and Doo Guesthouse), one restaurant (Rossini), one financial organization (MG Community Credit Cooperatives), and one miscellaneous facility (Hanok Homestay Information Center). This service involves the installation of beacons (close-range wireless communication devices) equipped with sensors that are capable of detecting and recording five types of environmental data (temperature, humidity, oxygen, carbon dioxide, and dust) in each building. Featuring real-time detection of indoor environmental conditions and big data analysis, the system automatically sends a text message to 119 (Koreas emergency response services) if the indoor temperature reaches or exceeds 70 degrees Celsius (the temperature at which fire detectors are activated).Including the functionality of existing technology, which consists of a smart sensor that detects temperature and humidity changes and the presence of smoke and activates an alarm in the event of a fire, this more sophisticated IoT service is also capable of contacting 119 on its own.The emergency text message includes the buildings address, contact information of the buildings legal owner, and the indoor temperature detected, which is expected to make it possible for help to arrive more quickly. The owners of the eight buildings equipped with the IoT service will receive text messages twice a day (at 9 a.m. and 7 p.m.) that include real-time information on the in-door environmental conditions of their buildings. If any of the detected environmental variables (temperature, dust, etc.) exceed the standard level, building owners will immediately receive a warning via text message. Environmental information can also be monitored in real-time using a mobile phone application. Seoul Metropolitan Fire & Disaster Headquarters (director: Kwon Sunkyung) announced that through the introduction of this system, the first IoT-based automatic fire reporting service in Korea, it hopes to prevent any delays in reports of fires, such as when no one is in the buildings or the fires go unnoticed by the people who are there, thereby minimizing any losses of human life and property damage.This service is part of the Bukchon IoT Test Program that Seoul Metropolitan Government is conducting in cooperation with several private companies. This program also includes services that apply IoT technology to address civil complaints filed by Bukchon residents due to increased instances of noise pollution, illegal parking, illegal garbage disposal, and infringement of privacy caused by the increase in the number of visitors to the area. As all preparations for these new services have now been completed, the program is expected to be launched in early 2016. If it is deemed widely applicable, based on the results of an analysis of its utilization by residents and tourists, the program will be turned in to a brand and introduced in other districts of Seoul.
In 2015, Seoul Metropolitan City collected and washed the blankets of 2,197 residents (1,600 people with severe disabilities and 597 senior citizens who live alone) in an effort to ensure that residents who have difficulty moving can still have freshly laundered blankets. In total, the city washed a total of 6,033 blankets, averaging two to three blankets per household.Called Blanket Washing on Wheels, this program was launched by Seoul Metropolitan Government for the purpose of improving the sanitation of the living conditions of people with severe disabilities and senior citizens living alone in Seoul. Under the program, trucks equipped with washing and drying machines are sent to welfare centers for people with disabilities, rental apartments, elderly home care facilities, and social welfare centers that require laundry services, where they collect and launder large items that need washing (e.g. blankets). The trucks for the Blanket Washing on Wheels program are operated by the Seoul Nambu Welfare Center for the Disabled, the organization responsible for carrying out the program. With the help of volunteers, blankets are collected from the homes of senior citizens and people with disabilities, after which they are washed, dried, and returned to their owners. In 2015, the citys blanket washing service was used the most by welfare centers for people with disabilities, making up 46.5 percent (1,022) of all users, followed by residents of rental apartments at 27.5 percent (604), members of social welfare centers at 12.7 percent (278), residents of housing facilities for people with disabilities at 6.1 percent (133), members of senior welfare centers at 5.5 percent (120), and members of community service centers at 1.8 percent (40). (Total of 2,197 residents)Truck and washers and dryers of Seouls Blanket Washing on Wheels program
On December 23, 2015, Seoul Metropolitan Government signed an agreement with Mongolia International University to share its water quality analysis technology with the goal of allowing Ulaanbaatar, Mongolias capital city, to improve the quality of its drinking water. The Seoul Water Institute (former Seoul Waterworks Research Institute) signed an MOU with Mongolia International University in 2010 regarding the sharing of its water quality analysis technology and research cooperation, based upon which it has consistently worked closely with the university in the area of water quality analysis. The recently signed agreement, however, is a supplemented version of the MOU signed in 2010 that includes new sections on issues such as intellectual property rights.The content of the new agreement includes: exchanges of technical personnel short-term visits of related personnel cooperation on joint projects and meetings (training, research programs, workshops, etc.) sharing of personnel, technical data, and other information related to water quality analysis and the related research program, which has been designed to improve the water quality, sanitary conditions, and quality of life in Mongolia.Through this agreement, the city of Ulaanbaatar, which is encountering major challenges in improving its waterworks system and water quality management, will gain access to water quality analysis and water supply processing technologies to help it improve the quality of its drinking water. Technological support will be provided on a consistent basis through cooperation with Mongolia International University.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has announced plans to continue to provide monetary support for lease deposits by granting interest-free loans for 500 units of long-term stable housing. After the initial 500, the city will expand its support to cover a total of 1,500 housing units in 2016. Under the new plan, which aims to reduce high residential costs for citizens without their own home, lessees will be provided 30% of their housing deposit by the government. Thirty percent of the 500 units will be reserved for applicants from certain demographics 20% of the 500 units will be reserved for newlyweds to encourage childbirth, and 10% will be reserved for households of three or more minors (including those still in utero at the time of application).For eligible households, monetary support will be provided in the form of an interest-free loan equivalent to 30% of the leasing deposit up to KRW 45 million, for up to six years. Since its establishment in 2012, the Seoul Metropolitan Governments Long-term Stable Housing Program has supported 5,100 houses (as of December 16, 2015). The program is run in cooperation with house owners, lessees, and the SH Corporation.The Seoul Metropolitan Government hopes that the first 500 units of support will help lessees more easily find housing in the spring, during the peak moving season. The timing and scale of the next 500 units of support will be announced by the Seoul Metropolitan Government once market trends and rental price fluctuations have been fully analyzed.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Korea Franchise Association co-hosted the first-ever Seoul Metropolitan Korea Franchise Energy Award ceremony on December 23 at the Seosomun building of the SMG to recognize 49 franchise headquarters and franchise locations for their energy-saving techniques.The Seoul Metropolitan Korea Franchise Energy Award is part of efforts by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Korea Franchise Association to help overcome the energy crisis and spread awareness of its energy saving campaign among franchise headquarters and franchise locations. Newly established just this year, the award offers an incentive of KRW 97.8 million to franchise companies and owners [who have a history of energy saving] to help them accelerate energy saving practices.   In 2015, 27 franchise headquarters and 430 franchise locations were evaluated as they vied for the grand prize of the energy awards. Evaluations for franchise headquarters were based on management for efficiency energy use, while franchises were evaluated based on energy-saving performance and ideas.Based on the results of the evaluation, the grand prize in the franchise headquarters division was awarded to Coffee Bay of Apple Tree Co., Ltd. Energy assessments found that Coffee Bay not only used coffee machines that consumed less electricity than typically found in coffee shops, but also used energy-saving LED lights both in signboards and in the interior. Five franchise owners of Coffee Bay were also recognized for their compliance with energy-saving initiatives from head office.Noodle Tree Restaurant of Happy Bridge Cooperatives followed close behind Coffee Bay in the franchise headquarters division and received the award of excellence. Noodle Tree Restaurants are designed to allow staff to turn off lights in certain areas where the sunlight comes in, greatly reducing energy costs. Also at the restaurants, LED lights powered by solar energy are used outside, and water is warmed using the heat of the noodle-boiling pot as opposed to an electric water heater. In addition, the restaurant uses rainwater for cleaning as part of its energy-saving efforts.Gimgane Gimbap of Gimgane was also recognized at the awards ceremony for its use of natural light, and Kkuldak Honey Chicken of Dae Dae FC was recognized for the summertime energy-saving notices it sent to all of its franchises.The franchise locations division was subdivided into 3 smaller categories based on the level of energy use (less than 5kW 6-19kW over 20kW). Caf Pascucci (Yeoksam branch) was awarded the grand prize in the 20kW category. Although the franchise location uses five air conditioners in the summer due to its large floor size, the branch was recognized for its energy-saving techniques of instructing customers to sit near air conditioners and operating different parts of its cooling systems/ice-making machines/water heaters based on the number of customers and the day of the week. The franchise location was also praised for its use of natural light, labeling of light switches, and cutting of standby power. To reach its energy-saving goals, shop owners, shop managers, and staff adopted the slogan If I were the customer, if the equipment were mine, and if the shop were my house.Regardless of business sector, all franchise headquarters and franchise locations that were deemed energy efficient employed the following techniques: partial operation of air-conditioning, maintenance of proper indoor temperatures, periodic air-conditioner cleaning, cut off of standby power for electric appliances except for refrigerators running 24/7, replacement of lights with LED, and efficient use of natural lightning.  
The Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corporation (CEO Oh Sung-gyu, www.sisul.or.kr) announced on December 22 that Seoul Childrens Grand Park will be operating two animal learning programs Mystery of Mammals in the Sea and Apes Great Expeditionin January over the public school winter holidays.The programs, which target elementary-aged children, will be in operation from January 4 to 23, from Monday through Saturday, at the Tropical Animal Hall within the park.Mystery of Mammals in the Sea is a half-day program that allows children to observe and learn about ocean mammals such as seals, sea lions, and more. The program is designed to stimulate the imagination of young participants by casting them as the zookeepers of the park as they go through the program. Apes Great Expedition, is a special half-day program that helps children learn about the characteristics of apes in celebration of the year 2016, the Year of the Ape. As part of the program, participants not only learn about the different kinds of primates, but also have a chance to prepare and feed some of the apes in the park.Upon completion of either program, participants will receive a certificate of completion and free souvenirs. Participation fees are KRW 10,000 per person per program. Anyone interested may apply on the website of Seoul Childrens Grand Park (www.sisul.or.kr). Registration begins on December 23 at 10:00 a.m. and slots are granted on a first-come, first-served basis.Oh Sung-gyu, CEO of the Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corporation commented on the programs saying, Seoul Childrens Grand Park has continued to make attempts to provide children with new and enjoyable experiences such as the operation of the Hangeul Tayo Bus, the installment of Little Prince sculptures, the reopening Kids Auto Park, and other programs. In the future, the Seoul Metropolitan Facilities Management Corporation will continue to be dedicated to providing unique and valuable public services to the citizens of Seoul.
On December 22, Mayor Park Won Soon attended a beam-raising ceremony for the Second Lotte World Tower. The tower is the tallest building in Korea and the first building nationwide to pass the 100-floor mark. Upon completion, the tower will be the sixth tallest building in the world at 555m (123 floors). The ceremony, held under the title The Great Moment, celebrated the installation of the H-shaped steel ridge pole (11m0.5m) on the 123rd floor of the tower using a 64-ton tower crane. The ceremony was hosted by the Lotte Group starting at 13:30 on the 76th floor of the Second Lotte World Tower.  In his celebratory address, Mayor Park said, Going forward, the tower will become a symbol of the economic prowess and construction technology of Korea and serve as an important landmark not only of Seoul Metropolitan City, but of Korea as a nation. For the remainder of the project and into the future, safety must be made a top priority.Prior to the official start of the ceremony, Mayor Park signed his name on the beam along with 200 other honored guests. On the same day as the beam-raising ceremony, a farewell ceremony was held at 17:00 in the Grand Conference Room of the new City Hall building for Im Jong-seok, vice mayor of political affairs. The farewell ceremony included an address by Mayor Park and was attended by 200 guests including senior officers and heads of government-funded institutions.Vice-Mayor Im Jong-seok has served in his position since June 23, 2014.  
Seoul (Hangang Project Headquarters) will be operating sledding slopes at Ttukseom and Yeouido Hangang Parks from December 25 (Fri) to February 14 (Sun) for the enjoyment of Seoul citizens. Due to higher than average temperatures in the beginning of the winter, the sledding slopes at Ttukseom and Yeouido Hangang Parks were open on a limited basis since December 19 (Sat), but have now been in full operation since December 25 (Fri). Last year, sledding slopes were available only at Ttukseom Hangang Park, but for the Winter 2015/2016 season, additional slopes are now in operation in the Yeouido Hangang Park.Sledding slopes in the two parks are open from 9am to 5pm, seven days a week, but are closed daily from noon to 1pm for maintenance. Hours of operation are subject to change, particularly in the case of any inclement weather that poses a safety risk to the general public.Given this years mild temperatures, slope operators have had difficulty producing artificial snow, and only the higher slopes were in operation starting from December 19 (Sat). Thanks to recent colder temperatures, in which it is easier to manufacture snow, both smaller and higher slopes are now in full operation (beginning on December 25 (Fri). Fees for using the slopes are KRW 6,000 per person for anyone over the age of 3.Visitors to the sledding slopes are advised to wear comfortable, casual clothes to avoid the risk of injury or loss of property. Safety announcements will also be provided over the PA system to make visitors aware of the dangers of throwing snow, hypothermia, etc., and instructions will also be provided over the loudspeaker to avoid sledding collisions and over-crowdedness.General admission to the sledding slopes is KRW 6,000 per person, but fees for additional rides and activities do apply. A fifty percentage discount off admission is available to the following: veterans visitors with disabilities (levels 1 through 6) and their guardians (for visitors with disability levels 1 through 3) senior citizens (ages 65 and up) and visitors with a Dadungi cards, including listed family members. Children under the age of 3 (36 months) may enter free of charge, but proper documentation is required (medical insurance card, copy of resident registration, or other legal proof of age). General admission includes access to sledding slopes and folk game facilities. This year, the sledding slopes also feature a variety of different ridesa Viking ship, mini train, spinning swings, a flying saucer, a spaceship, and more. Ride admission is KRW 3,000 per person per ride. A materials fee is also required for the following activities:  smelt fishing (KRW 5,000) and  Euro bungee (KRW 5,000). Ttukseom Hangang Park is located near Ttukseom Station on Subway Line 7, and Yeouido Hangang Park is located near Yeouinaru Station on Subway Line 5 and National Assembly Station on Subway Line 9. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government recently announced the Eco School Project, a project to be completed in 2016 that will affect a total of 39 schools including 24 elementary schools, 8 middle schools, and 7 high schools. Under the project, school rooftops will be made into gardens and unused school parking lots will be transformed into eco experience centers where students can grow food such as tomatoes and peppers.
According to the Seoul Metropolitan Government, the Eco School Project will be based largely on active participation by school students and faculty, from planning stages to construction and maintenance. In fact, plans for the project have already largely been completed thanks to continuous communication between the government and the Eco School Promotion Committee, made up of students, faculty, and parents from area schools.Following the completion of project planning, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will continue to cooperate with the Seoul Metropolitan Office of Education and other related government offices to assist schools in maintaining their own eco areas.The Eco School Project aims to provide an eco-friendly environment for students and local residents by creating green zones and small gardens in underused and unused areas on school property. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has been developing and promoting this project in stages since April 2015.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has announced the launch of iTourSeoul+, a mobile app dedicated to tourism in Seoul, through which tourists can access real-time information on transportation, accommodations, and performances based on their current location. The app includes a variety of features such as Top 10 Tourist Attractions as well as information on festivals, events, and recommended travel courses.Tourists can also use the app to find information on bus stops and real-time bus schedules (including bus arrival time) simply by typing in their current or desired location. This convenient feature is particularly useful for tourists who may be unfamiliar with how to use public transportation to travel around Seoul. Location services are also used by the app to provide users with nearby accommodation and performance venue information each database is complete with a direct link for online reservations.The iTourSeoul+ app uses Augmented Reality (AR) technology to connect on and offline information. App users who pick up the Seoul Tourism Guidebook, available for free at over 40 tourist information centers, can get additional information by using their smartphone and the iTourSeoul+ app to scan certain pages in the guidebook.By activating the AR button on the menu in the app and scanning the map in the Seoul Tourism Guidebook, users can view a map of tourist attractions, restaurants, performances, and shopping districts right on the screen of their smartphone. Users need only to tap a location on the map for even more information about that particular location.iTourSeoul+ is available in five languagesKorean, English, Simplified Chinese, Traditional Chinese, and Japaneseand can be downloaded free of charge from all major app stores.
The Seouls Global Digital landmark will soon be completed.The construction of S-PLEXCENTER, a multicomplex for IT, digital media and cultural content, is scheduled to be completed in Digital Media City, Sangam-dong, Seoul by February 2016.S-PLEXCENTER consists of two buildings, S1 and S2: S1 (Synergium) will feature the nations largest e-Sports stadium, while S2 (Smartium) will include an IT, Seoul Cyber Security Center, Seoul Cloud Center and Seoul Traffic Broadcasting System.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government and SBA (Seoul Business Agency) announced the beginning of tenant bidding at the end of December, 2015.For more information, please contact SBA at 02-380-3301~4 (www.splexcenter.com)
In order to encourage apartment complexes and places of business to save energy during the winter months, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will be holding a Winter Energy Saving Competition, with a grand prize of up KRW 10 million. The competition will run from December 1 to February 28.Last summer, the government also held a similarly themed Summer Energy Saving Competition. The competition was participated in by 235 apartment complexes and 602 businesses, which ended up reducing their combined environmental impact by 2,468 tons of CO2 and saving about KRW 500 million in energy costs.In the apartment complex category of the winter competition, apartment complexes will be evaluated based on their energy reduction rate, eco-mileage program subscription rate, mini photovoltaic generator installation rate, and resident participation rate. Aside from promoting awareness of energy conservation, the competition also serves as an opportunity for residents to enroll in the governments eco-mileage program and install mini photovoltaic generators in exchange for a monetary incentive.Apartment complexes that have received the grand prize in any previous energy saving competition or have received a total of three awards in previous competitions are ineligible to participate in this particular event. Instead, these apartment complexes will act as honorary apartment complexes and will be utilized as onsite training sites for the expansion of energy self-sufficient villages. In the business category, businesses will be divided into three different sub-categories according to the size of contract demand (less than 5kW, 6-19kW, and 20kW or more). Businesses with outstanding energy reduction performances will be provided with a maximum incentive of KRW 1.4 million to purchase energy saving products and improve their facilities. Any apartment complex or small/medium place of business can participate in the competition by submitting an application by January 29, 2016. The application for participation is available online at the One Less Nuclear Plant website (http://energy.seoul.go.kr) or offline at the One Less Nuclear Plant Information Center. Any questions regarding the competition can be directed to the Energy Efficiency Promotion Division (2133-3715) or the One Less Nuclear Plant Information Center (2133-3718).
The Cheonggyecheon Museum, an affiliate of the Seoul Museum of History (Director Kang Hong-bin) will be hosting a special exhibition titled The Advent of the New Cheonggyecheon Stream from December 1, 2015 (Tues) to February 28, 2016 (Sun) in the special exhibition hall of the Cheonggyecheon Museum.The exhibition details the construction work of the Cheonggyecheon Stream throughout history and is coupled with documents, artifacts, and other materials related to the development of Seoul and urban planning in the 1960s and 1970s. The exhibit and accompanying artifacts highlight how the history of Cheonggyecheon Stream has been intertwined with that of Seoul over the years.The exhibition is divided into five main parts: 1. Prologue (Seoul and Cheonggyecheon Stream) 2. Seoul in the Age of Construction 3. The Birth of Cheonggye-ro 4. Cheonggyecheon Stream, the Heart of the City  and 5. Epilogue (Cheonggyecheon Stream in the Lives of Seoul Citizens).In the Prologue section, Seoul, and Cheonggyecheon Stream, photos, miniature replicas, and related artifacts and materials are on display. These historical treasures tell the story of the liberation of Korea from under Japanese rule, the trials and triumphs of the Korean War, and the formation of the shanty town near Cheonggyecheon Stream. The prologue section also presents background information on the project that covered the Cheonggyecheon Stream and the political/economic situation in Korea at that time. The third section of the exhibition, The Birth of Cheonggye-ro, presents information on the construction of the Cheonggyecheon Stream, beginning in 1958, as well as information on the 3.1 Overpass, built over the stream. This section details how Cheonggye-ro became a symbol of modernization in Seoul. In addition to facts and figures, the exhibition also includes stories of the people who were displaced when the Cheonggyecheon shantytown was demolished and news events surrounding the construction of Cheonggye-ro and the nearby water treatment plant as well as the theft of the Cheonggye-ro rebars.The fourth section, Cheonggyecheon, the Heart of the City, celebrates the lives of the people who lived and worked along Cheonggye-ro. This part of the exhibit follows the story of the formation of the commercial business districts along the stream including the Peace Market, Dongdaemun Market, Sewoon Shopping Mall, and the tools and machinery shopping center. Here, visitors can also find information on the apartment complexes that began springing up along the road in the late 1960s.In the fifth section, Epilogue, Cheonggyecheon Stream in the Lives of Seoul Citizens, videos and images of Cheonggyecheon Stream are on display, dating all the back from the Joseon Dynasty to the present day. This section encourages visitors to reflect upon the significance of the Cheonggyecheon Stream and the many roles it has played over time as a place of arts, leisure, and entertainment, a place where people did their laundry, and a center of business.Any citizen interested in the exhibition is invited to visit the museum free of charge on weekdays between 9am and 7pm and on the weekends and holidays between 9am and 6pm. The museum will be closed on Mondays and on January 1. For more information, please visit the website of the Seoul Museum of History website (www.museum.seoul.kr)or the Cheonggyecheon Museum (cgcm.museum.seoul.kr).If you have any questions, please contact: 02-2286-3410.
Would you like to know which news stories about Seoul, personally selected by Seoul citizens, were the most popular in 2015? The story about the 100,000 Citizen Safety Guards, a project that aims to train one percent of all Seoul citizens how to respond to crisis situations, topped the list with 15.8 percent of the votes.The news that ranked third on the list, with seven percent of the votes, was that of the Hangang Summer Festival, a major summer festival held in 11 Hangang parks across Seoul, where over 11 million citizens participate in 65 programs, including camping, a paper boat race, and a fashion show.The Top 10 Seoul News Stories of 2015 were selected by 148,159 Seoul citizens and government officials (146,255 citizens and 1,904 city government officials) from among the major policies pursued and implemented by Seoul Metropolitan Government in 2015. And the related poll was conducted both online and offline for a period of about four weeks, from November 18 to December 13, 2015, during which time, a total of 338,750 votes were submitted.View Top 10 Seoul News Stories of 2015: http://www.seoul.go.kr
In response to a recent increase in terrorist threats, the Seoul Metro has established special safety measures along Seoul Subway Lines 1 through 4. The new safety measures, aimed at preventing terrorist activity in subway facilities, will remain in place until the citywide terror alert level returns from substantial back down to moderate. New measures not only include more frequent announcements in subway stations and cars regarding safety precautions, but also involve tighter inspection and safety procedures. These measures, in addition to Seoul Metros standard manual on handling terror threats, are aimed at ensuring the safety and peace of mind of all Seoul citizens.Measures implemented focus primarily on prevention through careful monitoring, allowing subway personnel to effectively deal with any suspicious item or person before a threat is imminent. Each subway station is now being monitored 24/7 through the use of surveillance cameras, and subway station personnel are making regular rounds to further eliminate any blind spots.In addition, about four to six policemen are now being stationed in 14 major stations around Seoul, including Seoul Station and Express Bus Terminal Station. The policemen are making regular rounds of the platforms and transfer passageways and are fully equipped to take action against anyone deemed a threat to the general public.A central safety control room has also been established to ensure a unified command system in the case of terrorist activity. The safety control room is equipped with a comprehensive system that allows personnel to easily monitor subway schedules and surveillance cameras in real time where incidents have taken place, helping the safety control room act as a mediator to share information between related authorities. 
In response to the ever-increasing number of tourists visiting Seoul for medical purposes, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has opened a medical tourism website (www.medicaltourseoul.com). The website, which went live on December 18, 2015, provides a variety of information in English, Chinese, Japanese, and Russian.The website was created in collaboration with area medical institutions and is part of the Seoul governments efforts to attract 400,000 medical tourists each year by the year 2018. To achieve this goal, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will use the website and other platforms to proactively publicize Seouls high-quality medical technologies and cutting-edge medical equipment to attract a greater number of medical tourists.The Seoul Medical Tourism Website includes information on a total of 101 medical institutions under six categories: Beauty, Korean Medicine, Wellness, Physical Checkups, Treatment of Severe Conditions, and Treatment of Minor Conditions. Information on each institution includes an introduction to the institution and its doctors and a list of services offered, as well as information on nearby accommodations and other useful tips.Through the website, 1:1 online consultation is also available in English, Chinese, Japanese, and Russian so that foreign tourists can more easily obtain necessary information and select the medical institution that best suits their needs prior to visiting Seoul. The website also includes checklists for different stages of medical tourism, information for before and after plastic surgery, guidance for medical disputes, and other useful information. 
The Seoul Plaza Ice Skating Rink, which has been steadily growing in popularity as a winter attraction in the middle of the city since it was launched in 2004, will open for 55 days, from December 17 to February 9, and an opening ceremony will be held on the first day.The ice skating rink itself will cover an area of 5,719.7 square meters, similar to last years 5,460 square meters, and with all related facilities, it will occupy a total of 6,886 square meters. Last winter, a total of 177,383 people visited the rink, and among them, 10,528 were foreigners.This years operation of the ice skating rink will be focused on the convenience of visitors. First, the size of the machinery room, which had accounted for a larger portion of the space, will be reduced by 60 percent. In its place, an expanded restroom (150 percent larger) and a place for visitors to put on and take off their ice skates will be installed. The size of the rest areas, including the book caf and cafeteria, will be increased as well. This season, a separate customer service center will be operated to promptly handle any complaints that visitors might have and reinforce the training of safety personnel to create a more friendly service environment, thereby minimizing inconveniences for citizens visiting the rink.The safety features of the rink have also been improved. First, in order to promote smooth visitor movement, a separate entrance and exit have been installed and separate skate rental and return areas have been set up. This should help prevent overcrowding as well as any accidents that could occur while visitors enter and exit the rink. Moreover, in order to strengthen fire prevention, rink facilities will be built using fire-resistant materials that can tolerate high temperatures.In order to protect Seoul citizens from air pollution originating in China, Seoul Metropolitan Government will close the ice skating rink if the Comprehensive Air-quality Index, (CAI) measured two hours prior to each session, exceeds an average of 151, which is considered to be in the lower range of the Unhealthy air-quality level, among the four levels of air qualityGood, Moderate, Unhealthy, and Very Unhealthy.In the event the rink is closed, SMS text messages will be sent to all skating teachers and students with classes scheduled for that session as well as those who have made reservations. The closure will also be posted on the website at least two hours in advance, giving citizens ample time to check the status of the rink before departing.In case of such cancellations, those who had signed up for classes or made reservations may receive a full refund or, if they wish, may make reservations for the next session. To measure the air-quality index, air quality measuring devices will be set up permanently in Seoul Plaza. These devices will notify citizens of the air quality status via a large LED screen installed in the ice skating rink. Moreover, the data will be available on the Seoul Metropolitan Governments website so that anyone planning on visiting the rink may access the information beforehand.This years Seoul Plaza Ice Skating Rink has been installed with improved services to ensure the safety and convenience of all visitors, commented Lee Hyeong-sam, head of the Sports Policy Department at the Seoul Metropolitan Government Tourism and Sports Bureau. He added, This year, we will organize a variety programs for the pleasure of Seoul citizens as well as foreign and Korean tourists visiting the ice skating rink.Despite the long, cold winter, there is still a lot of fun to be had at the Seoul Plaza Ice Skating Rink. Its a chance that wont come again for another year, so dont miss it! 
On December 18, 2015, Seoul Metropolitan Government launched the Foreign Residents Council, a body comprised of foreign residents that was created in recognition of Seouls transformation into a multicultural city with 460,000 foreign residents living among 10 million Seoul citizens.Launched in celebration of the UNs International Migrants Day, the Foreign Residents Council is an advisory group tasked with conveying the opinions of foreign residents in the formulation and implementation of Seouls policies for foreign residents in an effort to resolve any difficulties experienced by foreigners and shape Seoul into a city that embraces its growing diversity.The first Foreign Residents Council will be composed of 38 people from 23 different countries who will serve as active members of the council for three years. Specifically, the council is made up of eight residents from Europe, six from China, five from Central Asia, four from South Asia, three from Southeast Asia, three from the U.S., three from Vietnam, and six from other countries around the world.By forming subcommittees, the Foreign Residents Council will collect opinions, discuss agendas, and directly propose policies related to Seouls foreign residents to Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon at the city governments general meetings.Initial candidates for the Council were selected through a process of open recruitment that accepted applications from foreign residents over 18 years of age who have resided in the Republic of Korea for over a year and in Seoul for over six months. The final members were selected by a selection committee in consideration of their nationality, status of stay, type of visa, sex, and various other factors.For the establishment of the Foreign Residents Council, Seoul Metropolitan Government created a promotion agency made up of ten experts from academia and research institutes and sought reasonable ways for the Council to serve as a body that effectively represents the foreign residents of Seoul. In addition, the city government held a couple of briefing sessions for foreign residents, communities, and related groups to gather their opinions and engage in discussions.Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon explained, Although one out of 22 Seoul citizens is a foreign resident, they had no way of participating in the citys policy suggestion or implementation process. He added, We will continue to support our foreign residents through the Foreign Residents Council so that they can become an integral part of the citys administration.
In preparation for the increased sales of animal products during the New Years holiday season, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will be conducting special inspections throughout the city to ensure the quality of products being sold. The inspections will be conducted in collaboration with related consumer organizations and will be conducted at department stores, discount chain stores, traditional markets, and wholesale markets.Inspections will focus primarily on rectifying the following: disguising and selling regular dairy cows and beef cows as Korean Beef (Hanu),falsely indicating the quality of products, displaying and storing expired products to sell, improperly storing frozen products, failing to properly record transactional information and production work, failing to properly record the production history of beef, and/or failing to maintain proper sanitation in the workplace. Safety inspections will pay particular attention to gift sets of animal products sold at discount chain stores, which are frequented by many Seoul citizens, and department stores, which sell luxury gift sets at higher prices. Businesses that are found to have violated the law and do not pass inspection will face strong repercussions, such as the suspension of business operations and/or fines as outlined in the Livestock Products Sanitary Control Act. Any products that do not meet all safety criteria will be immediately seized and discarded on site.The Seoul Metropolitan Government continues to strive to reduce sanitation blind spots by conducting inspections and by educating businesses handling animal products about proper sanitation procedures. Through these measures, the Seoul Metropolitan Government hopes to ensure the health of each and every Seoul citizen. 
The Seoul Museum of History (Director KANG Hong-bin), in cooperation with the Odense City Museum of Denmark, will be holding an international exhibition titled I Belong to the World from December 4, 2015 to February 21, 2016. The exhibition will display the life story and artwork of the world-famous fairytale writer Hans Christian Andersen.The exhibition is divided into two main sections: 1) Introduction to Denmark and Danish Queen Margrethe II, The Life of Hans Christian Andersen, and The Works of Hans Christian Andersen and 2) Introduction to Artwork Created by Artists Inspired by Hans Christian Andersen and related hands-on experiences.Queen Margrethe II of Demark is also an accomplished painter who has a deep affection for Andersens works. She has even produced films based on Andersens fairytales, two of which are on display at the exhibit: The Snow Queen and The Swan Prince. Costumes and decoupage work made by the Queen for the films are also on display.Hans Christian Andersen was born as an only child to poor parents and spent much of his early years in hardship. At the age of 14, he left his parents home for Copenhagen to become an actor with the royal theater company. Although Anderson did not succeed as an actor, he soon became a well-known poet and fairytale writer. Following his success, he traveled throughout Europe and formed friendships with celebrities such as Charles Dickens of the United Kingdom and members of several royal families. This part of the exhibition includes Andersons personal belongings such as a bed, travel bag, and fountain pen (etc.), on loan from the Odense City Museum.Andersen also showed a talent for paper art and painting, works of which are on display at the exhibit along with Andersons original manuscripts.On display for the first time in Korea is the classic Fairy Tales Told for Children (1835), which includes the first fairytales ever published by Hans Christian Andersen. Also on display is a copy of the Korean childrens magazine Aideul Boi (10th edition, June 1914), which contains the first of Andersens fairytale (Four Jeolgeui Story) ever translated into Korean.The exhibit also includes two lithography prints titled Hans Christian Andersens Paper Dolls made by Andy Warhol two weeks before he died. In addition to the art displays, the exhibition also includes experience programs for children and families. Visitors to the exhibit are invited to read some of Andersons greatest works while relaxing on plush chairs in the exhibition room, and children may help decorate the museums Christmas tree with paper ornaments.  Admission: Free
On December 31, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will be holding its annual bell ringing ceremony at Bosingak Belfry. The ceremony, culminates with the ringing of the Bosingak Bell 33 times at the stroke of midnight, ushering in the New Year. The city government will also operate buses and subways later than usual to accommodate citizens attending the bell ringing ceremony.The Seoul Metropolitan Government has selected 11 special ceremony participants who have been chosen from a variety of different fields for their contributions to the city of Seoul in 2015. These representatives, who symbolize the hope and courage of Seoul citizens in 2015, were nominated by other Seoul citizens through the Seoul Metropolitan Government website and were selected by the city government. These representatives include those who have been role models in the fields of safety, volunteer work, and the paying of taxes, as well as those who have risen to the top of their respective fields by overcoming difficulties.In addition to these 11 special guests, this years bell ringing ceremony will be attended by five VIPs, including the mayor of Seoul and the chairman of Seoul Metropolitan Council, both of whom attend the bell ringing ceremony each year. In order to accommodate the large number of citizens who are expected to attend the bell ringing ceremony, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will be extending the hours of operation of buses and subways on the night of December 31/morning of January 1. Subways will remain in operation until 2 a.m. on January 1, an hour longer than usual, for a total of 109 trips including extended services. Buses will also remain in operation late into the night/early morning, and buses that pass through Jong-ro (N10, N26, N37, and N62) will also be in operation.For more information on the New Years Eve Bell Ringing Ceremony please contact:
On December 9, 2015, the Seoul Metropolitan Government installed a funation (fun + donation) structure close to Palseokdam (a wishing fountain) at the starting point of Cheonggyecheon Stream.Coins collected at the funation station will be donated to charity in honor of the people of Seoul. Korean coins will be donated to the Seoul Scholarship Foundation while foreign coins will go to UNICEF Korea.The funation structure will be in place until the end of January.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will be holding a public design competition to select a design for Arisu (water from the Hangang River) drinking fountains to be installed in city parks. The contest will run for a month starting from December 7, 2015 to January 5, 2016.All eligible submissions must meet the following criteria:  designs should symbolize Seoul and the piped water supply of the city  designs must meet the requirements of functionality and convenience of use and  designs must be original and of high artistic quality.For more contest details, please visit http://mediahub.seoul.go.kr. The winning design and honorable mentions will be selected by mid-January, and top designers will be awarded a prize.Once the winner is selected, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will use the winning design to fabricate drinking fountains and install them in childrens playgrounds and parks around the city.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will be opening a puppy playground, where dogs can run around in an enclosed area without a leash, in Boramae Park by April 2016. The dog park at Boramae will be the third of its kind in Seoul in addition to those already in operation at the Childrens Grand Park in Neung-dong and the World Cup Park in Sangam-dong.
According to polls conducted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, a majority of local residents82.8% in a poll conducted in 2013 and 77.3% in a poll conducted in 2015were in favor of the construction of the dog park.The Seoul Metropolitan Government finalized construction plans for the park in November 2015. The facility in Boramae Park will be comprised of dog recreational facilities, dog drinking fountains and benches, surveillance cameras, and convenience facilities for dog owners. The facility will be open Tuesday through Sunday from 10:00 am until 8:00 pm in March and April and September through November, and from 10:00 am until 9:00 pm May through August. It will be closed December through February. Only dogs with a dog license may enter the facility. Dogs must be accompanied by their owners, and minors (13 years of age or less) must be accompanied by an adult. Any dog that is unhealthy or exhibits aggressive behavior will be prohibited from entering the dog park.
From November 1 until the end of March next year, Seoul Metropolitan Government will inspect and make repairs to the boilers of 10,000 households in partnership with Love Boiler Sharing, a private sector civic service organization, and Kiturami Boiler, a boiler manufacturer. In addition to inspecting, cleaning, and repairing boilers, the city will replace old boilers and take measures to prevent pipes from freezing and bursting during the winter for elderly citizens living alone, single-parent households, and other low-income families. The goal of this special winter boiler inspection and repair service is to ensure that low-income families are able to enjoy a pleasant winter in the warmth of their own homes. Any low-income households in need of boiler inspection or repairs may submit applications at their respective community centers. In addition, a total of 60 boilers, comprised of 30 boilers donated by the private sector as part of the Love Boiler Sharing campaign and 30 more provided by Kiturami Boiler, valued at KRW 30 million in total, will be installed in the homes of citizens in need. Love Boiler Sharing is a volunteer-based civic service organization made up of 19 technical advisors and 120 members, who inspect, repair, and replace boilers and take measures to prevent pipes from freezing and bursting during the winter.
Using big data, Seoul Metropolitan Government will analyze the performance of small businesses located in a number of neighborhood business areas in Seoul and display the results on a map to serve as a reference for small business entrepreneurs interested in starting a business in those neighborhoods. Through the citys pilot project, Our Village Store Business Trend Analysis Service (golmok.seoul.go.kr), citizens will be provided easy access to a wide range of information the citys neighborhood business areas, allowing them to review the risk of starting a new business in a certain area at the click of a button. To this end, the city designated a total of 1,008 neighborhood business areas, including backstreet areas where large distribution facilities are not present, as the Seoul-type Local Commercial Zone and analyzed 200 billion big data items generated by businesses of 43 types, such as Chinese restaurants and convenience stores, in those locations. Also, the city government analyzed 200 billion big data items in 32 areas of 10 sectors, including administrative data, such as licenses and permits issued by public institutions, and transportation card data, as well as private sector data, such as retail sales and housing rental costs, all of which were provided by Shinhan Card, BC Card, and the Korea Appraisal Board. The 43 types of small businesses in Seouls neighborhood business areas can be categorized more generally into three categories: restaurants (10), service businesses (22), and wholesale and retail businesses (11). Most new businesses or existing small businesses are represented by these three categories, as shown by the 2013 Map of Small Businesses of Seoul by Category published by Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Seoul Credit Guarantee Foundation.Three types of services will be offered through the project:  Business Area Traffic Light Service (for new prospective entrepreneurs)  Custom-tailored Business Area Portal Service (for prospective entrepreneurs) and  My Store Marketing Service (for existing businesses).First, the Business Area Traffic Light Service will indicate that status of a certain neighborhood business area, including the levels of risk involved in starting new businesses, indicated in four colors (blue for caution, yellow for doubt, orange for risky, red for highly risky) and based on quarterly data the rate of business closure the rate of closure of businesses three years after opening the average time before business closure and variations in the number of stores.Second, the Custom-tailored Business Area Portal Service enables prospective entrepreneurs to access a wide variety of information, such as the number of stores, average sales per store, average daily visitors, new business survival rate, and market saturation index for each of the 1,008 neighborhood business areas.Third, the My Store Marketing Service enables users to select a specific business area (with a radius of 100 to 1,000 meters) on a map, including areas not contained within the 1,008 neighborhood business areas, and obtain specific information on that area, including sex and age of visitors, specific times and places most frequented by visitors, presence of venues for mass gatherings, and the number of households in apartment housing complexes. In addition, analysis reports will be sent to business owners by mail on a regular basis to help them understand how their neighborhoods are changing. Moreover, social networking services, blogs, and keyword searches related to small neighborhood businesses will be analyzed by theme so that business owners will be able to keep up with the latest trends and consumer preferences on a real time basis.Seoul Metropolitan Government will launch the Our Village Store Business Trend Analysis service on December 1, 2015, and anyone interested may register on the Seoul Metropolitan Government website, which provides free access to the service.
Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) has recently forged closer inter-city ties with London, the city known as a global center of diverse sectors, including art, economy, finance, fashion, medical services, tourism, and transportation.Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon and London Mayor Boris Johnson signed an agreement to expand and strengthen the relationship between their two cities at Paris City Hall on the morning of December 4, when Mayor Park was in Paris to attend the UNFCCC-related Climate Action Day event. Under the agreement, the two cities will exchange their expertise and information on exemplary cases in numerous sectors, including climate and the environment invigoration of the local economy culture, art, and tourism smart cities e-government urban regeneration sustainable development and social reform. In particular, based on the framework adopted by international organizations, such as the C40, the two cities will exchange information on new technologies and exemplary cases pertaining to climate change and the environment and dispatch their officials to forums, training sessions, and international meetings hosted by each others cities. They will also exchange information on the investment policies they have adopted and encourage domestic businesses to invest in both cities. Seoul and London have maintained collaborative exchanges for some time, but this is the first such official agreement made between them. SMG officials expect that the agreement will be an opportunity for Seoul to promote its relatively new status as a global city and share the expertise and experience it has accumulated in the course of its efforts to solve urban problems during its rapid development.The SMG has forged sister-city ties with 23 cities in foreign countries, including San Francisco, Washington DC, Paris, Rome, Tokyo, and Beijing, and friendly-city ties with 28 cities, including Berlin, Amsterdam, and Shanghai. Commenting on the agreement, Mayor Park Won Soon said: It is hoped that our mutual ties will go a long way toward finding better solutions to the diverse problems that both our capital cities are facing by learning from each others accumulated expertise and experience. Especially, as London is a global financial center and home to the headquarters of numerous multinationals, we need to cooperate with the city much more closely.
Seoul Metropolitan City has been selected as the best MICE city of 2015 by Business Traveler and Global Traveler magazines, top authorities in the business travel sector, thanks to the city governments strong promotion of tourism and the MICE industry as sources of new growth for Seoul.Specifically, Seoul was selected as the Best International Business Meetings Destination for its fourth consecutive year since 2012 at the 2015 Best in Business Travel Awards, held annually by the U.S. edition of Business Traveler. This puts Seoul firmly among the ranks of the worlds top MICE cities. 
In 2009, Korea became a member of the OECD Development Assistance Committee, distinguishing itself as the only nation that has gone from being an ODA recipient to an ODA donor. Recently, Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG), as one of the UN-member ODA donors, hosted an international workshop in cooperation with the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the UN agency for developing countries.The SMG and UNDP co-hosted the International Workshop for Public Construction Transparency: Sharing Koreas Clean Construction System and Initiatives around the World for three days, from December 2 to December 4, at the new Seoul City Hall.The workshop brought together a total of 120 people, including 70 overseas participants, comprising senior government representatives, members of civic organizations from some 20 developing countries, and professionals of prominent international networks, such as CoST (Construction Sector Transparency Initiative), the OCP (Open Contracting Partnership), and private sector networks related to international transparency, as well as 50 individuals from domestic organizations.Introduced at the workshop were the SMGs information disclosure policy and anti-corruption measures for the construction industry, including One-PMIS, a system for the efficient sharing of overall information regarding construction Construction Info, a system that informs citizens of major construction projects that are being carried out and the Immediate e-Payment System, which solves the problem of late payment of wages by subcontractors. Also, the Anti-corruption and Civil Rights Commission and the Public Procurement Service introduced Koreas anti-corruption policy and public procurement service policies, highlighting Koreas clean, transparent, and accountable administration, while CoST and the OCP shared the anti-corruption and transparency promotion activities of various countries around the world.In addition, government officials and specialists with civic organizations from the Philippines, Thailand, Ukraine, Uganda, Zambia, Mexico, Honduras, and Arab nations presented the practices and experiences of each of their respective nations.Through the workshop, the SMG promoted its policies worldwide and helped developing nations in their efforts to benchmark and apply its policies to their own construction industries.Anne Marie Sloth Carlsen, director of the UNDP Seoul Policy Centre, said: Endemic corruption in public infrastructure projects continues to damage the development potential of many, many countries. Therefore, we need more solutions like Seouls Clean Construction System all around the world to ensure that taxpayers investments in infrastructure actually lead to development dividends for all citizens.In his keynote speech, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon said: By disclosing all information of public institutions, including information on public construction projects, which citizens have the right to know, we will be able to build a fair and just society and contribute to the international community by spreading our transparent, clean, and accountable construction administration system to developing nations.
Korea Development Bank (KDB), Kiwoom Securities, Seoul Green Trust, Seoul Walk, and Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) have all worked together to build a 3,300-square-meter skating rink at the center of Yeouido Park. The rink is scheduled to open on December 22. Of the total area, the ice rink will occupy 2,100 square meters (70m x 30m), making it just a little larger than the Seoul Square Skating Rink (2,038 square meters).Additional facilities on the remaining 1,200 square meters include a ticketing office, ice skate rental station, washrooms, rest area, and booths promoting social economy enterprises and offering a variety of products to visitors. KDB and Kiwoom Securities have provided financial support for the construction of the skating rink, while Seoul Green Trust and Seoul Walk will assist with the installation and operation of the skating rink and various supplementary facilities. The Seoul Business Agency and Seoul Social Economy Center will promote outstanding social economy firms at the skating rink by operating promotional booths, and the SMG will be responsible for project planning and general administration.The skating rink will be set up in Yeouido Parks Culture Square and will be open every day from 10:00 a.m. to 9:30 p.m. for a total of 55 days, from December 22 to February 14, 2016. Visitors will be charged for every hour and a half of use (admission: KRW 1,000 ice skates and helmet rental: KRW 1,000), and day tickets (KRW 3,000 rental: KRW 1,000) and seasonal tickets (KRW 20,000, including rental charges) will be available.The SMG signed a business cooperation agreement regarding the establishment of the skating rink with KDB, Kiwoom Securities, Seoul Green Trust, and Seoul Walk on December 3 at 3:00 p.m. at Seoul City Hall.The skating rink project was proposed last July by Hong Kyttack, chairman of KDB, a state-owned bank with its head office in Yeouido, as a new way of contributing to the local community, and was accepted by Mayor Park Won Soon with the participation of institutions and civic organizations interested in the project. As the skating rink will be situated at the center of Yeouido, an area filled with the offices of countless businesses, office workers and businesspeople will be able to wind down after work by enjoying some skating and then engaging in cultural and leisure activities at Yeouido Park or the nearby IFC Mall.
Starting in December, all subway lines, from Line 1 through Line 9, will issue cash receipts for the purchase of single-use transit cards so that users may receive income tax deductions. Seoul Metropolitan Government began issuing cash receipts for single-use transit cards for Subway Lines 1 through 8 back in January this year, and has just expanded it to Line 9 this December.Starting with the very first train on Line 9 on December 1 (Tues), users will be able to receive their first cash receipts. Between January and October this year, cash receipts for a total of KRW 870 million (720,000 receipts) in subway fares were issued for single-use transit cards.(As of October 2015, Units: thousands of receipts, KRW 100 million)
Seoul Metropolitan Government established the Winter Emergency Rescue Measures as a means of preparing for possible disasters with the aim of protecting vulnerable people from natural disasters in winter, such as cold waves, heavy snowfalls, as well various winter-related accidents. These measures will remain in force until February next year. On December 1 (Tues), the Seoul Metropolitan Fire and Disaster Headquarters announced that they will help disaster-vulnerable groups enjoy a safe winter by conducting six specific tasks:  operation of the Seoul Emergency Rescue Control Service to ensure rapid responses to winter-related disasters  operation of the 24 Hour Emergency Situation System, tasked with receiving disaster reports and offering medical consultations  expansion of safety measures and welfare services for cold-wave damage and disaster-vulnerable groups  operation of a multi-tier emergency rescue dispatch system to help ensure citizens safety  preemptive elimination of risk factors, such as icicles and ice on the roads, and  rapid response and rescue operations in preparation for winter mountain climbing accidents.As a means of addressing the risk of cold waves, heavy snowfalls, strong winds, and blackouts in the winter, the Seoul Metropolitan Fire and Disaster Headquarters will operate a situation management service that will respond to changes in the status of the special weather report (issues specific advisory and warning levels). In case of emergency (special weather report levels 1, 2, and 3), the emergency rescue control service will be mobilized at potential crisis sites. Moreover, a 24-hour emergency situation system for receiving disaster reports and providing medical consultations will also be operated.Seoul Metropolitan Government will also take steps to protect various vulnerable groups, such as elderly people with severe disabilities living alone, the homeless, and residents of tenement housing, in order to help them enjoy a warm winter uninterrupted by crises.When the special weather report issues cold spell warnings, members of the 119 Safety Squad (116 squads) and volunteer firefighters (1,326 firefighters) will personally pay visits to 663 elderly people with severe disabilities who are living alone and 91 disabled people residing in independent living housing (55 households) at least once a day until the cold spell warning is lifted.The city will also operate the multi-tier emergency rescue dispatch system so as to ensure prompt responses to accidents that may occur during blackouts, such elevator malfunctions, water supply issues, gas supply problems, and blocked emergency drainage systems. Moreover, in preparation for the increased number of falls on icy roads, the multiple emergency patient transfer system will be in operation. Normally, Seouls patient transfer system comprises 149 ambulances. However, during times of emergency weather warnings, 116 fire engines and 22 patrol cars will be deployed to assist in the transfer of injured citizens. Furthermore, the city government has already finished stocking up on emergency medical equipment, such as splints and bandages. In the event of cold wave or heavy snowfall advisories or warnings, Seouls 119 Special Rescue Service and 119 rescue teams from 23 fire stations in Seoul will mobilize in an effort to eliminate risk factors, such as icicles and ice on the roads.In addition, 23 fire stations will be designated to manage 145 areas (total of 77.6 km) that are known to be vulnerable to damage from heavy snowfall and remove snow from the roads. Volunteer firefighters at each fire station will be in charge of removing snow from the entrances of the subway stations within their respective jurisdictions. Also, three mountain rescue squads of Seouls 119 Special Rescue Service will prepare for accidents and emergency situations, such as trapped climbers, injuries from falling, and disappearances of hikers, in the major mountain parks of Seoul.First, in hopes of preventing accidents, the Seoul 119 Special Rescue Service plans to work with the Korea National Park Service at Bukhansan Mountain to conduct a campaign promoting safe mountain climbing and offer first aid training courses. In addition, posters and banners warning climbers about the risk of falling on icy mountain paths will be posted at the entrances to major mountain parks. Moreover, inspections of dangerous areas in the mountains will be carried out in preparation for emergency rescue operations involving mountain climbers trapped by or lost in heavy snowfalls.Finally, the Seoul 119 Special Rescue Service will begin training to execute mountain ice wall rescue operations so as to promptly respond to accidents occurring in extreme weather conditions, such as heavy snowfalls and freezing rain. If an accident does occur, the special rescue service will respond promptly, investigate the site, and rescue the victims by mobilizing air search and rescue resources as well as rescue dogs and drones.
Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon attended the World Mayors Summit on Climate Change and the Climate Action Day event, which were held in Paris over a period of three nights and five days. The UNFCCC COP 21 (November 30 to December 11, 2015) was held to establish the New Climate Regime, which will apply to all countries in 2020 and thereafter, and reach a consensus on a new climate convention. This time, Mayor Park served as the chair of the International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives (ICLEI), in which over 1,200 cities and local governments from all over the world took part, and successfully led everyone in attendance to a consensus on the new climate system, which was the main goal of this years meeting.
The World Mayors Summit on Climate Change was held in Paris on December 4 to discuss the roles of cities in the reduction of greenhouse gases following the launch of the new climate system and how cities will implement the system. The Summit was attended by over 800 people, including notable figures such as Mayor Park Won Soon, Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo, UN General Secretary Ban Ki-moon, Mr. Michael Bloomberg, who served as the UN General Secretarys Special Envoy for Cities and Climate Change, former U.S. Vice President Al Gore, and the mayors of Chicago, Berlin, and Sydney. 
Following the opening session, the Paris City Hall Declaration, the major achievement of the Summit, was adopted by Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo, Rio de Janeiro Mayor Eduardo Paes, Mr. Michael Bloomberg, and all other mayors present at the meeting. 
At the the UNFCCC-related Climate Action Day event held on December 5 in Pariss Le Bourget (Blue Zone), with over 1,300 people in attendance, including representatives of local governments, businesses, and civic societies and press media, Mayor Park gave a speech on the achievements made by Seoul, a leading city in climate change-related matters. 
This time, Mayor Park served as the chair of the International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives (ICLEI), in which over 1,200 cities and local governments from all over the world took part, and successfully led everyone in attendance to a consensus on the new climate system, which was the main goal of this years meeting.The World Mayors Summit on Climate Change was held in Paris on December 4 to discuss the roles of cities in the reduction of greenhouse gases following the launch of the new climate system and how cities will implement the system. The Summit was attended by over 800 people, including notable figures such as Mayor Park Won Soon, Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo, UN General Secretary Ban Ki-moon, Mr. Michael Bloomberg, who served as the UN General Secretarys Special Envoy for Cities and Climate Change, former U.S. Vice President Al Gore, and the mayors of Chicago, Berlin, and Sydney. 
Following the opening session, the Paris City Hall Declaration, the major achievement of the Summit, was adopted by Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo, Rio de Janeiro Mayor Eduardo Paes, Mr. Michael Bloomberg, and all other mayors present at the meeting. 
At the the UNFCCC-related Climate Action Day event held on December 5 in Pariss Le Bourget (Blue Zone), with over 1,300 people in attendance, including representatives of local governments, businesses, and civic societies and press media, Mayor Park gave a speech on the achievements made by Seoul, a leading city in climate change-related matters. 
On December 6, Mayor Park presided over the meetings of the ICLEI Board of Directors and Global Executive Committee and adopted the ICLEI declaration, urging national governments to recognize the role of cities and local governments in climate change-related matters and establish long-term, specific objectives for climate mitigation and adaptation. The declaration was officially presented at an ancillary event of the ICLEI-led UNFCCC on December 7.
The World Mayors Summit on Climate Change was held in Paris on December 4 to discuss the roles of cities in the reduction of greenhouse gases following the launch of the new climate system and how cities will implement the system. The Summit was attended by over 800 people, including notable figures such as Mayor Park Won Soon, Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo, UN General Secretary Ban Ki-moon, Mr. Michael Bloomberg, who served as the UN General Secretarys Special Envoy for Cities and Climate Change, former U.S. Vice President Al Gore, and the mayors of Chicago, Berlin, and Sydney. Mayor Park took part in the opening session, held under the theme City Solutions, as a panelist, in addition to serving as co-chair emeritus. Delivering the keynote speech at the opening ceremony was French President Franois Hollande.
Following the opening session, the Paris City Hall Declaration, the major achievement of the Summit, was adopted by Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo, Rio de Janeiro Mayor Eduardo Paes, Mr. Michael Bloomberg, and all other mayors present at the meeting. 
At the the UNFCCC-related Climate Action Day event held on December 5 in Pariss Le Bourget (Blue Zone), with over 1,300 people in attendance, including representatives of local governments, businesses, and civic societies and press media, Mayor Park gave a speech on the achievements made by Seoul, a leading city in climate change-related matters. 
Mayor Park took part in the opening session, held under the theme City Solutions, as a panelist, in addition to serving as co-chair emeritus. Delivering the keynote speech at the opening ceremony was French President Franois Hollande.Following the opening session, the Paris City Hall Declaration, the major achievement of the Summit, was adopted by Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo, Rio de Janeiro Mayor Eduardo Paes, Mr. Michael Bloomberg, and all other mayors present at the meeting. 
At the the UNFCCC-related Climate Action Day event held on December 5 in Pariss Le Bourget (Blue Zone), with over 1,300 people in attendance, including representatives of local governments, businesses, and civic societies and press media, Mayor Park gave a speech on the achievements made by Seoul, a leading city in climate change-related matters. 
Following the opening session, the Paris City Hall Declaration, the major achievement of the Summit, was adopted by Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo, Rio de Janeiro Mayor Eduardo Paes, Mr. Michael Bloomberg, and all other mayors present at the meeting. At the the UNFCCC-related Climate Action Day event held on December 5 in Pariss Le Bourget (Blue Zone), with over 1,300 people in attendance, including representatives of local governments, businesses, and civic societies and press media, Mayor Park gave a speech on the achievements made by Seoul, a leading city in climate change-related matters. 
On December 6, Mayor Park presided over the meetings of the ICLEI Board of Directors and Global Executive Committee and adopted the ICLEI declaration, urging national governments to recognize the role of cities and local governments in climate change-related matters and establish long-term, specific objectives for climate mitigation and adaptation. The declaration was officially presented at an ancillary event of the ICLEI-led UNFCCC on December 7.
At the the UNFCCC-related Climate Action Day event held on December 5 in Pariss Le Bourget (Blue Zone), with over 1,300 people in attendance, including representatives of local governments, businesses, and civic societies and press media, Mayor Park gave a speech on the achievements made by Seoul, a leading city in climate change-related matters. On December 6, Mayor Park presided over the meetings of the ICLEI Board of Directors and Global Executive Committee and adopted the ICLEI declaration, urging national governments to recognize the role of cities and local governments in climate change-related matters and establish long-term, specific objectives for climate mitigation and adaptation. The declaration was officially presented at an ancillary event of the ICLEI-led UNFCCC on December 7.
Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon attended the World Mayors Summit on Climate Change held in Paris at 5:35 p.m. (local time) on December 4 in the capacity of Chair of the International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives (ICLEI) and led the development of the Paris City Hall Declaration: A Decisive Contribution to COP 21, which was jointly adopted by mayors and governors from around the world in order to renew their commitment to achieving substantial reductions in greenhouse gases. The summit was held in Paris City Hall with over 800 people in attendance, including notable figures such as Mayor Park Won Soon, Paris Mayor Anne Hidalgo, and Mr. Michael Bloomberg, who served as the UN General Secretarys Special Envoy for Cities and Climate Change, as well as representatives of three urban networks (i.e. ICLEI, C40, and UCLG), mayors, local government officials, representatives of NGOs, and private sector experts. The declaration points out that it is the joint responsibility of all people of the world to find solutions to climate change and that the matter is an issue of rights, equality, development, and social justice. Also, it includes detailed strategies to increase the resilience of cities and their capability to adapt to the increase in climate-related disasters by 2020 and an action plan for the provision of support to local communities for their complete conversion to new and renewable energy by 2050. Mayor Park took part as a panelist in the panel discussion held as part of the opening session at 9:00 a.m. on December 4 under the theme City Solutions. The mayors of Rio de Janeiro, Dakar, and Istanbul also attended the discussion.In his presentation, Mayor Park said, The Earth has already become a huge network of cities. Therefore, local governments should take small, yet meaningful steps beyond borders to cope with climate change in creative ways and with a strong sense of responsibility. All of us should think globally, act locally. The climate change crisis must be addressed through the cooperation of all cities the world over. As the chair city of the ICLEI, Seoul will lead the effort to achieve substantial greenhouse gases reductions.
As of October 2015, the number of users of Seouls Nanum Car service, which began operations in 2013, recorded 1.951 million. At the current rate of growth, the number of users will surpass 2 million by February 2016. On a daily average, Nanum Car users have increased about eleven times, from 349 to 4,011. On average, Nanum Car users make use of the service for about 3 hours and 23 minutes each time, mainly for the short-term use of a car depending on their needs. By age group, users in their 20s and 30s accounted for about 83.7 percent of all users, as the sharing economy is being driven mainly by the younger generations.A study of the Nanum Car services performance last year revealed that the service effectively: managed the demand for transportation while reducing the necessity of vehicle ownership by about 8.5 vehicles per Nanum Car, reduced household expenditure by about KRW 28.9 billion per year by offering an alternative to car ownership, and reduced air pollution by cutting greenhouse gas emissions by vehicles by about 486 tons per year.Since the Nanum Car service entered operation in 2013, Seoul Metropolitan Government has been making consistent improvements to the service and system, such as creating user-centered services, strengthening safety measures, and enhancing the public image of the service.Currently, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is planning to implement the second Nanum Car Project over the next three years, improving upon the achievements and experiences of the first project. Specifically, the second project will be a service model intended to innovatively manage the demand for transportation by expanding the service to include life zones and businesses and lead the transformation of car ownership culture. Furthermore, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will implement enhanced services that focus on the convenience and safety of users by strengthening the point of contact for Seoul citizens, among other means.
In celebration of the United Nations International Day of Persons with Disabilities, which fell on December 3, Seoul Metropolitan Government announced its Detailed Action Plan to Ensure the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, which includes 30 specific projects. The city government remarked that it will create a public transportation environment where persons with reduced mobility can move about without assistance.
As part of the action plan, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will install elevators in subway stations in order to allow persons with reduced mobility and wheelchair users to move from the entrance of subway stations to subway platforms easily and without assistance. By 2022, 307 subway stations in Seoul will be equipped with such elevators.Of particular note, this plan has been established through a combination of public and private governance, consisting of experts and people with various physical disabilities, and by holding dozens of discussions on the issues that people with disabilities face. On the same day, the Seoul Metropolitan Government also announced the Seoul Declaration on the Improvement of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities.The Detailed Action Plan to Ensure the Rights of Persons with Disabilities specifically mentions improvements in various areas, such as public transportation, public facilities, and pedestrian environments, intended to help persons with physical disabilities move about safely and conveniently. The plan consists of 30 specific tasks in four different categories, including  the subway system,  buses,  special means of transportation, and  sidewalks.
Seoul Metropolitan Government has established guidelines, the first of their kind in Korea, which must be followed by all agricultural produce, poultry, seafood, and processed food suppliers that sell their products to schools for the preparation of students meals.
The guidelines systematically stipulate the criteria for the manufacturing, management, quality control, and delivery of the food products, as well as their size and weight. Only products that meet these strict criteria may be used in the preparation of school meals. In particular, the city government has strengthened the safety standards for food products that are known to be at high risk of radioactive contamination. According to the new standards, if the radiation level exceeds even one-twentieth of the national limit, the products are not permitted to be sold to schools. In addition, the city has expanded its support for school meal expenses for high school students from low-income families in order to prevent students in need from falling through the cracks of the welfare system.  On top of all of these measures, Seoul Metropolitan Government is planning to expand its nutrition and healthy-eating education program in order to raise awareness among citizens regarding the quality and ingredients of the foods and food products they eat and encourage them to reflect on their eating habits. 
Seoul Metropolitan Government has recently announced a set of transportation measures designed to minimize any traffic congestion and inconveniences for citizens that may be caused by the closing of the Seoul Station Overpass, which is expected to take place at midnight on December 13, 2015.To mitigate any inconveniences, the city government will expand public transportation and improve the transit system in the area. Moreover, it will make all possible efforts to ease traffic congestion, such as informing citizens of detours via mobile GPS applications.Seoul Metropolitan Government has promised to keep close track of the transportation situation and take steps to keep traffic flowing as smoothly as possible, from onsite surveys and management of roads surrounding the Seoul Station Overpass to identifying and informing citizens of detours and directly maintaining traffic order.Five key points of the transportation measures announced by Seoul Metropolitan Government today include:  improving the vehicle transit system in the area surrounding the overpass,  expanding public transportation,  identifying optimal detours for each area near the overpass, and  providing such information to citizens in advance in order to prevent inconveniences.More specific efforts will be made to assist the residents, merchants, and business owners in the Seoul Station area. In particular, the city government will request that business employees refrain from driving their own cars to work and distribute notices to local residents asking for their cooperation regarding the closing of the Seoul Station Overpass and informing them of detours.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has announced the final version of the new official Seoul Brand,  . The final brand is the design selected by Seoul citizens but features minor refinements made by experts.  The Seoul government released an online version of the official Seoul Brand Guide, which provides information and guidance on how people may freely use the new Seoul Brand, , as long as the meaning and identity of the brand is maintained. In other words, the new brand is available as a third-generation open-platform design, meaning any citizen or for-profit or non-profit company may use the brand. The Seoul Brand Guide is free to download from the Seoul Brand website http://seoulbrand.go.kr, and Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to release an English version of the guide for use in cities around the world.After extensively considering various citizen opinions expressed following the selection of the brand and holding discussions among the Seoul Brand Promotion Committee, which is composed of citizens and experts, as well as with experts in the branding and design industries, the placement of the dots was changed so that the final design of    would stress that the I and U are connected through Seoul.Official Version of Seoul Brand 
On October 28 at the Meeting of 1,000 Citizens,  was selected to replace   , which had been the Seoul Brand for 13 years. The new brand will take its place as the official Seoul Brand in the first half of next year, after the necessary amendment is made to the Ordinance of Seoul Metropolitans Symbol. Examples of Possible Uses of Seoul Brand
Until December 2, Seoul Metropolitan Government will be accepting applications from foreign students studying in Korea to participate in the 17th Seoul Global Internship program, for which a total of 30 students will be selected. Launched in 2008, the Seoul Global Internship program is the first of its kind conducted by a Korean government agency. It offers foreign students the opportunity to participate in city affairs during the summer and winter school vacations, and has become a tremendously popular internship program, featuring fierce competition among applicants. So far, a total of 472 foreign students in Korea from 68 countries have successfully completed their internships during the 16 times that this program has been conducted. The duration of the upcoming 17th internship is seven weeks (January 4 ~ February 23, 2016), and applicants must be foreign students currently enrolled in an undergraduate or graduate degree program at a university in Seoul. Only those whose visas in Korea are valid until at least February 23, 2016, may apply.Selected applicants will be announced on December 24 (Thu) after two rounds of screening (application and interview). Further inquiries about the application process may be directed to the Multiculturalism Division (02-2133-5076). The selected interns will be dispatched to individual departments at Seoul City Hall, affiliated offices, and corporations, where they will be assigned to a wide range of tasks. In addition to their regular internship responsibilities, global interns will participate in community service activities (e.g. assisting at welfare facilities for the mentally disabled) and field trips to major policy organizations in Seoul. Duration of internship: January 4 (Mon) ~ February 23 (Tue), 2016 (total of 7 weeks)
Seoul Metropolitan Government has announced the Comprehensive Pandemic Response Plan, which lists 20 tasks in five categories aimed at achieving comprehensive improvements in the citys public health and medical infrastructure and services and addressing the limitations of the citys ability to respond to outbreaks of contagious diseases, which came to light during the citys efforts to contain the MERS crisis. By 2018, the city government will increase the number of negative pressure isolation rooms to a total of 194 rooms at six municipal hospitals, a five-fold increase over the current number. To resolve issues such as the overcrowding of emergency rooms and cross-contamination among patients, which played a major role in the spread of MERS, Seoul Metropolitan Government will install negative pressure isolation rooms in the emergency wards of four municipal hospitals, including Seoul Metropolitan Dongbu Hospital and Seonam Hospital, by 2017. In addition, the new Hospital Entry and Exit Management System and Special Visiting Rooms will be installed in seven hospitals by 2017 to reduce the instances of hospital visitors contracting diseases through contact with confirmed patients.On November 19, 2015, Seoul Metropolitan Government released the White Paper of Seoul Metropolitan Government MERS Preventive Measures, which includes a detailed daily account of the major events and preventive measures implemented during the MERS outbreak.
Through citizen suggestions, polls, and expert evaluations, Seoul Metropolitan Government has selected 10 places, including Gwanghwamun Square, Naksan Park, and Namsan (Mountain), as locations offering the most beautiful night views in Seoul.Over a one-month period, Seoul Metropolitan Government received citizen suggestions and various opinions of Korean and foreign tourists regarding the spots with the best night views of Seoul. The criteria for selecting the locations were: the beauty of the scenery, possession of value symbolic of Seoul, and accessibility. The related tour courses developed based on the suggestions include places that would be the most fun to visit in consideration of the quality of the night views they offer, places to eat nearby, other things to enjoy, time required to walk the course, convenience, and sustainability.As a result, the ten spots with the best night views in Seoul are: Gwanghwamun Square, Naksan Park, Namsan (Mountain), Haneul Park, 63 Building (observatory), Bugaksan (Mountain), Banpo daegyo (Bridge), Maebongsan (Mountain), Seonyudo Park, and Seokchon Lake. 
Seoul Metropolitan Government is kicking off the Social Media City Seoul project, through which the city aims to connect all 10 million citizens of Seoul, including the general public, government officials, and experts, by innovating the citys communication culture to place more emphasis on mobile and SNS technologies rather than home-based Internet. The main goal of this project is to fully utilize social media as an administrative tool for public communications, which is an unprecedented move among local governments in Korea. It also seeks to expand citizen participation in the citys administration and strengthen public-private cooperation using social media.  From now, in the event of a disaster or safety-related emergency, for example, Seoul City will immediately disseminate messages using the Seoul Official SNS, signifying the official inclusion of such communication means in the existing initial response manual for natural disasters and emergency situations. In addition, the official letterhead of Seoul City and employee business cards will also include the SNS account of the respective department. To this end, Seoul Metropolitan Government will prepare a social media guideline regarding basic principles on the use of SNS for public communication and conduct regular training sessions for all employees. In addition, the city will support efforts to strengthen the competitiveness of small businesses and social enterprises using social media. To help small businesses and enterprises enhance their PR capabilities, Seoul Metropolitan Government will offer free training on how to utilize mobile technology and social media for PR and communications. This project is part of Seouls blueprint for its mid- to long-term communications strategy, which extends until 2017 and includes a total of 10 specific tasks related to three major policy goals. These goals are: establish and strengthen a social media-centered administrative system, create a social cooperative network with citizens, and help citizens improve their quality of life through the use of social media.
Seoul Metropolitan Government recently released its 2016 budget plan, featuring spending of KRW 27.45 trillion. This budget plan has been given the name Vibrant Livelihood Budget and is expected to improve the livelihoods of Seoul citizens through welfare innovation, and non-capital intensive urban renewal.Seouls 2016 budget plan is focused on three tasks:  expanding the safety network for public health services and customized welfare,  creating jobs and developing a Seoul-style creative economy, and  carrying out people-centered urban renewal, which involves making Seoul a more pedestrian-centered city.First, the government allotted a total of KRW 54.2 billion for welfare to improve community service centers and install automatic civil complaint processing devices. Moreover, KRW 34.6 billion has been allotted for social contribution training, re-employment, and cultural and leisure activities for late middle-aged citizens, and KRW 165.4 billion will be invested in the construction of 300 more national and public daycare centers.Second, in an effort to enhance Seouls competitiveness, Seoul Metropolitan Government will invest KRW 463.5 billion to establish a foundation for a Seoul-style creative economy, innovate traditional manufacturing, foster the R&D and MICE industries, and others. In addition, KRW 190.3 billion has been set aside to fund 64 projects for immediate implementation based on policies and suggestions made by citizens during Mayor Park Won Soons Employment Trail, in which the Mayor met with citizens, businesses, and universities at 99 different sites throughout the month of October in an effort to find solutions to the unemployment issue.Third, the city government will focus on improving, preserving, and organizing the maintenance system for residential environments in Seoul for the next 100 years, as well as on creating a new economic center to enhance the competitiveness of Seoul in preparation for an era of slow growth. To this end, the government will invest KRW 434.3 billion in urban renewal, which is a 50 percent increase over that of last years budget.Practical local autonomy must be backed by financial support from the central government, said Mayor Park Won Soon, adding, I hope that the central government will acknowledge the local financial situation and make the decision to promptly honor its promise to provide financial support for regional governments so that true decentralizationsupported by real autonomy and financecan be realized in the future.
Seoul Metropolitan Government has concluded an MOU for friendship and cooperation with Vientiane, the capital of Laos, to share the outstanding policies of both cities in terms of economy, transportation, environment, culture and tourism, and urban planning. On November 5, 2015, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon and Mayor Sinlavong Khoutphaythoune of Vientiane signed the Friendship and Cooperation Agreement between Seoul and Vientiane.  With economic growth as high as seven to eight percent every year, Laos is a rapidly growing country and a member of ASEAN. Recently, Vientiane has been experiencing rapid growth as well, through continuous investment in a wide variety of sectors. However, the city is suffering from traffic congestion and water, sewage, and waste treatment issues. Therefore, this MOU is expected to allow Vientiane to address these issues through Seouls assistance, based on its knowhow and experience with rapid urban development. Through this MOU for friendship and cooperation, the two cities will begin establishing a foundation for cooperation between their citizens particularly in the culture and tourism sector, and have promised to share policies related to the development of water and sewage systems, urban planning, e-government, and transportation, among others.Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon said, I am very glad to have established a foundation for cooperation between Seoul and Vientiane through the signing of this MOU. He also remarked, Seoul will assist Vientiane with its urban development through practical exchange, involving the sharing of Seouls policies, and we will work hard to develop a cooperative system for the sustainable development of our two cities.
From November 9 to 15, 2015, Seoul Metropolitan Government will be holding the 2015 Seoul MICE Week. During this period, Seoul aims to raise citizens awareness of the citys MICE industry by hosting various events designed to cement its status as an advanced MICE city.  The city government has invited world-renowned MICE experts to attend the Seoul International MICE Forum, where participants will engage in discussions on the citys MICE industry promotion policies. The MICE Round Table Talks, scheduled to take place before the forum, will feature Mayor Park Won Soon and four foreign guest speakers discussing policy directions that aim to make Seoul the worlds top MICE city. In addition to Seoul MICE Week, the city will host the 2015 MICE Media Familiarization (FAM) Tour. Held for the second time this year, the tour will be joined by six journalists from MICE-related magazines, including Business Traveler and Premier Travel, who were invited by the city to learn about Seouls new MICE facilities, strengthened MICE-related policies, and enhanced support for large-scale conventions and exhibitions.  During the tour, the city will promote its new Seoul MICE Card, a smart card exclusively for MICE visitors that offers discounts on public transportation and other purchases, by presenting the cards to participants and letting them try it out. In addition, Seoul will emphasize its appeal as a convention and exhibition city by offering the FAM tour participants opportunities to experience various programs available exclusively for corporate incentive group visitors.
The 2015 Seoul Lantern Festival will entertain tourists and Seoul citizens alike for 17 days from November 6 to 22, 2015. During this time, about 600 lanterns will light up 1.2 kilometers of Seouls streets starting from Cheonggye Plaza. The theme of this years festival is Illuminated Seoul Tour, expressing the citys dedication to promoting tourism, a significant part of Seouls creative economy. A major characteristic of this years festival is that Seouls main tourist attractions, famous for embodying both tradition and modernity, will be portrayed as unique works of lantern art. For example, Bukchon Hanok Village, which preserves the traditional beauty of Korea at the heart of the city, and the lively Gwangjang Market will be recreated in the form of sophisticated lanterns. In particular, the Gwangjang Market will feature little lanterns shaped as people and shops, expressing a lively market scene. Furthermore, the city has taken steps to ensure that the 2015 Seoul Lantern Festival is not only a domestic festival but also a global one, enjoyed by both Koreans and people around the world. Since its launch in 2009 to commemorate Visit Korea Year, the Seoul Lantern Festival has been one of the citys major festivals, attracting 2.5 million tourists every year. Around 3.2 million tourists are expected to attend the event this year. During the festival period, the events of the 2015 Seoul Lantern Festival will be held free of charge from 17:00 to 23:00 every day. Further details regarding the festival can be found on the official Seoul Lantern Festival website.  Click here to visit the website: http://seoullantern.visitseoul.net
The Seoul-Beijing Integration Council, which was founded to enhance comprehensive cooperation between Seoul and Beijing, has established the Environment Team and begun actively pursuing cooperation between the two cities. Established in 2013 to commemorate the 20th anniversary of the sister city relationship between Seoul and Beijing, the Council is tasked with creating and implementing plans for mutually beneficial exchange and cooperation by matching and coordinating related departments of the two cities. During his official visit to Beijing, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon met with Beijing Mayor Wang Anshun and signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) regarding the establishment of the Environment Team during the second general conference of the Seoul-Beijing Integration Council. The Climate & Environment Headquarters of Seoul Metropolitan Government and Beijings Environmental Protection Bureau will lead the newly created team and discuss the common environmental challenges that the two cities face. Specifically, the Environment Team will strengthen inter-city exchange in terms of environment policy, technology, and information and human exchange and make joint efforts in the areas of environmental protection and carbon reduction. With the new addition, the Seoul-Beijing Integration Council now consists of four teams, including the existing Economy, Culture, and Education teams.In his congratulatory speech, Mayor Park emphasized that the two cities form a community that breathes the same air. And he went on to add, If our two cities conduct joint research on air pollution reduction technologies and capitalize on the outstanding technological expertise of our researchers and private enterprises, we will be able to achieve synergy and develop game-changing technologies.
Founder and president of Berggruen Holdings, Nicolas Berggruen, often referred to as the homeless billionaire, became an honorary Seoul citizen on October 29, 2015.  Berggruen was named one of the worlds wealthiest people by the Financial Times. Living in hotels around the world rather than in a home of his own, he is more interested in philosophy, politics, and social reform than in investment. The Berggruen Institute, a think tank he founded with an investment of USD 100 million, first set out to address governance issues in the state of California, but is now a think tank for world leaders, such as former United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice, former Chancellor of Germany Gerhard Schrder, and Google Chairman Eric Schmidt. Recently, Mayor Park Won Soon and Nicolas Berggruen met for the third time. This latest meeting was held during Berggruens visit to Seoul on his way to China for the 21st Century Council, a global governance consultation forum, in November.Mayor Park Won Soon said, Berggruens visit to Seoul will be an important milestone in the forging a relationship between the Berggruen Institute, the world renowned think tank, and Seoul Metropolitan Government. I look forward to participating in an in-depth panel discussion with Berggruen on the future of governance for better administration. 
Smart lockers, called Happy Boxes, which send out text messages containing information on locker location, password, and payment methods to customers mobile phones once they type in their phone number, have been installed in subway stations on Lines 5 to 8.It was announced that the new Happy Boxes, which feature Internet of Things (IoT) technology, will enter full operation on October 29, 2015. The key advantages of the Happy Boxes over conventional lockers are that they are:  more secure and easier to access through the use of mobile phones,  feature a simplified registration procedure, and  up to 50 percent cheaper. In the future, the Happy Box service will be enhanced, allowing customers to have their items delivered from a locker in one subway station to a locker in another station. 
Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon is visiting Beijing, China, from November 1 to 4 to attend a meeting of the 21st Century Council, where he joined discussions on Chinas economy, society, and development strategies. At this meeting, over 20 members of the 21st Century Council, including Mayor Park, and more than 10 former government officials, businessmen, and scholars participated in five discussion sessions. Moreover, on November 3, all participants of the 21st Century Council had a face-to-face talk with Chinese President Xi Jinping at the Great Hall of the People. The themes of the five sessions of the meeting, held over a period of two nights and three days, were:  Chinas 13th Five-Year Plan and Economic Strategy,  Chinas Regional Development Strategy,  Chinas 13th Five-Year Plan and the Strengthening of Reforms in Accordance with Constitutionalism,  Chinas 13th Five-Year Plan and One Belt, One Road Initiative, and  Chinas 13th Five-Year Plan and Global Governance. On November 4, the last day of his visit, Mayor Park Won Soon will meet with Beijing Mayor Wang Anshun and come to an agreement on strengthening practical exchanges and cooperation between Seoul and Beijing in terms of economic, cultural, and environmental issues through the Seoul-Beijing Joint Council. In particular, at the Forum on Air Quality Improvement, the two mayors will search for ways in which both cities may cooperate on the development of technologies to improve air quality. Also, at the Central Party School of the Communist Party of China, an official institution tasked with discovering, fostering, and re-educating important executives of the Chinese Communist Party, Mayor Park will give a special lecture titled Seouls Governance and Urban Innovation.Chinas impact on Seouls economy is significant, as Chinese travelers account for the majority of tourists visiting Seoul and the country is the largest export partner for our businesses, explained Mayor Park. He added, Through this 21st Century Council meeting, I hope to learn more about China and use this knowledge to make good decisions for the future of Seoul. I will also participate in the discussions and talk about how Chinas development will contribute to peace on the Korean Peninsula and in Greater East Asia.
 On Wednesday, October 28, Seoul Metropolitan Government selected  as the new Seoul Brand and launched it at a ceremony that all people around the world were invited to watch. The new Seoul Brand received the highest overall score, based on the results of a preliminary poll of citizens and the votes of citizen and expert judges at the Meeting of 1,000 Citizens, which was held in a competitive audition format at Seoul Plaza on October 28. Following  ,  is now the new face of Seoul, having received a total of 49,189 votes (36.5%) in the preliminary poll, 682 votes (59.8%) from the citizen judges, and nine votes (100%) from the expert judges at the Meeting of 1,000 Citizens. The judges participating in the Meeting of 1,000 Citizens, consisting of 1,000 citizens selected through an open application process and nine experts, watched presentations on the three final Seoul Brand candidates, listened to the creators and editors of the slogans and BIs answer questions posed by the expert judges, and, using digital voting devices, voted for the candidate they believed most suited to be the new Seoul Brand. Voting Results According to the results of sample surveys (of 1,000 people) conducted in five cities around the world, including Seoul, at the time of the preliminary poll, the citizens of Seoul, Tokyo, Beijing, and Paris chose  as the brand that they feel best represents Seoul. Moreover, the results of a mobile survey of 30,000 residents of Seoul and the surrounding metropolitan area revealed that people in their 30s and 40s most preferred . Citizens who voted for  as the new brand remarked that the brand is neat and simple, yet eye-catching. They also commented that the brand best represents the message of coexistence, with you and I being connected through Seoul. Lee Ha-Lin, a college senior majoring in philosophy who suggested the slogan through the Seoul Brand Idea Contest, explained, I wanted to say that together you and I should make Seoul a city that is developing rapidly in various ways, even at this very moment. Choi Hye-jin, the creator of the BI and owner of a design company, explained that the red dot next to I represents passion, while the blue dot next to U represents relaxation. With the help of my design team, I expressed that these two opposing qualities, represented by the colors red and blue, coexist in Seoul, Choi said.  expresses that you and I come together through Seoul. By substituting the letter O in Seoul with the Korean letter , the creator of the BI produced an image of Seoul as a global city that represents the Republic of Korea. The vice president of Hankuk University of Foreign Studies, Kim Yoo Kyung, who is Koreas highest authority on public brands, participated in the Meeting of 1,000 Citizens as an expert judge. In the final evaluation of the brands, he explained, In the future, cities need to be branded under the concept of doing rather than being. He went on to add, A good city brand is open to a wide variety of interpretations, and we need to respect each individuals interpretation of the brand. Professor Seo Kyoung-duk of Sungshin Womens University, who is a publicity expert, commented, It is very impressive and significant that Seoul citizens were involved throughout the entire process, from defining Seouls identity and suggesting ideas for the new brand to making the final decision. The new Seoul Brand will be made available to everyone through an open source platform, so that anyone can freely change the design or the format and commercialize the brand, as long as they meet the minimum requirements.
By the end of this year, Seoul Metropolitan Government will begin construction on the Seobu Underground Expressway, which will involve moving a 10.33-kilometer-long section of the four-lane expressway running from the southern end of Seongsandaegyo (Bridge) to Geumcheon IC underground. To be built at a depth of about 80 meters, the Seobu Underground Expressway has been specially designed to ensure the convenience of drivers of compact cars throughout the entire length of the tunnel. Slated for completion by the end of 2020, the underground expressway will be equipped with five emergency exits, two air purification facilities, and one underground operations center.Once the Seobu Underground Expressway is complete, work will also be carried out on the original Seobu Expressway, providing drivers with improved accessibility to the surrounding areas. In particular, the expressway will be narrowed to allow much more efficient use of space, which is expected to invigorate the local economy in the southwestern part of Seoul and improve the living environment for the residents of the area. By reducing the width of the expressway by more than five metersfrom approximately 20 to 30 meters down to 15 metersSeoul Metropolitan Government will secure eco-friendly spaces for pedestrians and turn the area into a resident-friendly space where people can come together to enjoy nature and cultural activities and events. Seoul Metropolitan Government also expects the construction of the underground expressway to reduce the travel time from the southern end of Seongsandaegyo (Bridge) to Geumcheon IC by about 20 minutes, bringing it down from the 30-minute range to somewhere in the 10-minute range. The speed limit for the underground expressway will be 80 kilometers per hour.Speaking about the project, Mayor Park Won Soon said, I expect the Seobu Underground Expressway to serve as a catalyst for achieving balanced development in the southwestern part of Seoul, an area that has been at the heart of Koreas economic revival with its manufacturing-based industrial complexes. He went on to say, After moving the Seobu Expressway underground, we will do our best to use the extra space to create a people-centered area with the goal of improving the living environment for local residents.
From among  the new Seoul Brand, which will serve as the face of Seoul, will be selected on October 28, 2015, which is also Seoul Citizens Day. Seoul Metropolitan Government revealed the three finalists on October 6 and conducted a preliminary poll (online and offline), up until October 26, in which over 130,000  citizens participated.The creators of the three finalists of the Seoul Brand Idea Contest explained their design concepts as follows.The creator of the slogan explained, I wanted to express Seoul as a city that you and I create together, while the creator of the BI conveyed that, in the image, you and I come together in Seoul through passion and relaxation.The creator ofsaid, I wanted to express that coexistence, passion, and relaxation are all happening in Seoul right now. The creator of the slogan said, I believe that Seoul is like a friend with a deep soula soulmate, while the creator of the BI explained that the e and o are connected in a way that leads people to read it as Soulmate and that it is a portrayal of two people standing face-to-face.At the Meeting of 1,000 Citizens to Select the Seoul Brand, which will be held in an audition format at Seoul Plaza, both the creators and editors  of the slogans and BIs will present informative videos on the creation and screening of the slogans and the BIs, while experts will help the citizen judges make informed decisions through a Q&A session. Afterwards, the 1,000 citizen judges as well as the expert judges will cast their votes for the new Seoul Brand. Their votes will then be combined with the results of the preliminary poll of 100,000 citizens to determine the winning Seoul Brand. At the Launching Ceremony of the New Seoul Brand, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon, together with the chairman of Seoul Metropolitan Council, a member of Seoul Metropolitan Councils Culture, Tourism, and Sports Committee, and citizens who participated in the development of the new Seoul Brand, will announce and launch the new Seoul Brand, handpicked by Seoul citizens. Afterwards, celebratory performances  will be held for citizens and visitors from abroad. All Seoul citizens are welcome to come and watch the Launching Ceremony of the Seoul Brand and the performances, to be held from 8 p.m. to 10 p.m., at Seoul Plaza. The search for the new Seoul Brand was carried out based on the condition that it was to be created by Seoul citizens, selected by Seoul citizens, and used by Seoul citizens. Starting with identifying the unique qualities of Seoul, the whole process was led by citizens, including the development of the new brand. The support provided by Seoul Metropolitan Government, the development process undertaken by Seoul citizens, and other data and information have been posted on the Seoul Brand website (seoulbrand.go.kr)The new Seoul Brand will be a citizen-participatory, open platform logo that all citizens are free to use. Also, the flexibility of the brand identity will allow it to be used in a variety of forms, serving as a citizens brand that both individuals and private companies may use, as long as they meet certain minimum requirements, which will be determined at a later date.Also, in December, Seoul Metropolitan Government will install a movable sculpture of the new Seoul Brand in Seoul Plaza and hold a promotional tour featuring events at major venues in the city, such as Gwanghwamun Square and the DDP, in an effort to encourage the public use of the new Seoul Brand, as it was made for the people. 
From November 6 to 8, the Seoul Kimchi Making & Sharing Festival will be held in Seoul Plaza and Gwanghwamun Square as well as along Taepyeong-ro under the theme, Seoul, Lets Make Kimchi. The three venues will be transformed into the largest kimchi market in Korea, where visitors can watch and learn about making kimchi, experience the whole kimchi-making process firsthand, and even taste some kimchi all in one place. Specifically, the period from November 6 to 7 has been designated as the Kimchi Making Festival, during which time, a total of 6,000 people, including 2,500 foreigners from many different countries, will gather at the 6,000-square-meter Seoul Plaza and make kimchi together. Participants will be allowed to take some of the kimchi home with them, while the rest will be donated to Seoul citizens in need through the Seoul Council on Social Welfare. The event will be a great opportunity to show the world the remarkable generosity and hospitality that Koreans are known for.The last day of the festival, November 8, will be the Kimchi Making Cabbage Festival. A huge field of 5,000 heads of cabbage will be planted in the middle of the city, taking up about half of Seoul Plaza, and through a game to harvest the cabbage, participants will experience firsthand the spirit of hard work, cooperation, and harmony involved in making kimchi. After the event, the harvested heads of cabbage may be taken home or donated. At Gwanghwamun Square, visitors will also have the opportunity to enjoy an exhibition and various experience programs, held in connection with the Seoul Kimchi Making & Sharing Festival, which hopes to keep the tradition and culture of kimchi-making alive. Using the culture of kimchi-making as a window into the past, the exhibition will provide insight into the wisdom of ancient Koreans, and kimchi classes will offer people a chance to learn about unique kimchi recipes from kimchi-making masters. Inquiries
In hopes of having Seoul City Wall designated as a UNESCO World Heritage Site, Seoul Metropolitan Government is conducting a nationwide campaign from October 16 to January 31 next year with support from NGOs, businesses, and local residents. Not only Seoul citizens but any Korean national interested in Seoul City Wall may participate in the campaign by logging in to the Seoul City Wall website (www.seoulcitywall.co.kr) and leaving an online signature or by signing their names in an album at Seoul City Wall Museum or Seoul City Wall Management Office.In order to preserve the good will of campaign participants, Seoul City will permanently maintain a log of all campaign signatures at Seoul City Wall Museum. With the names and messages of 18,627 participants, the city will create a New Map of Seoul City Wall, which will go on permanent exhibition. Seoul City Wall, together with the palaces and Jongmyo Shrine, is a major part of the legacy, and a symbol of, Hanyang (now Seoul), the former capital of the Joseon Dynasty. As such, it carries great cultural and historic value that should be protected and shared with people across the globe. Its inclusion on the UNESCO World Heritage List would serve as a significant boost to current preservation efforts and would be an incredibly meaningful accomplishment, as the people are directly involved in the process. In anticipation of such success, Seoul Metropolitan Government had Seoul City Wall registered on the Tentative List of the UNESCO World Heritage Center in November 2012, and the city is carrying out thorough preparations with the goal of having it officially inscribed on the list in June 2017. The application for inscription will be filed in January next year, and the final decision will be made after one year of evaluation in June 2017.
On October 30, Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the Seoul Employment Idea-thonan Exciting Job Talk with the Seoul Mayor, where 365 citizens will collectively discuss and attempt to resolve the job creation issue.This is the final event of the Seoul Employment Trail program, through which Mayor Park Won Soon plans to visit 99 workplaces in the month of October in an effort to find solutions to the job creation issue. At this idea-thon, citizens will take the initiative in asking questions and finding answers regarding employment issues. Of particular significance is the fact that youths, who are the most affected by job-related issues, are participating in the planning stages of the event, seeking out alternatives that could lead to the development of practical employment policies.At the Exciting Job Talk with the Seoul Mayor, 365 participants will be divided into teams under three distinct themes: Happy Job Talk, Great Job Talk, and Curious Job Talk. The teams will come up with employment policy ideas based on citizen opinions collected online over a 24-hour period as well as ideas suggested amongst themselves, and selected policy ideas will be reflected in the policies of Seoul Metropolitan Government. Citizens who cannot be physically present at the event may still suggest any employment ideas they may have online. 2015 Seoul Employment Trail website: http://job.seoul.go.kr/job
German President Joachim Gauck is the 14th head of state to receive an honorary Seoul citizenship. President Gauck is a civil rights activist who spearheaded the movement to democratize East Germany, and became the first East German to be elected as the president (11th) of the Federal Republic of Germany in March 2012.This year marks the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall and the unification of Germany, which took place in 1989. Before awarding President Gauck his honorary Seoul citizenship, Mayor Park Won Soon met with him to talk about Germanys experience of unification and their experiences in civil rights movements. They also discussed urban policies for sustainable development through the pursuit of unification and harmony.Mayor Park remarked, This year marks the 70th anniversary of Koreas liberation and the 25th anniversary of the fall of the Berlin Wall and the unification of Germany, adding that, President Gaucks visit to Seoul will not only strengthen the friendships between Seoul and German cities but also be of great help in establishing the future role of Seoul, as the capital city of the country, in the process of Korean unification.Beginning in 1958, the honorary Seoul citizenship program awards honorary citizenship to important foreign guests and foreigners, residing in Seoul for over three consecutive years (or five years in total), and important foreign guests, visiting Seoul. So far, a total of 722 foreigners from 92 countries have become honorary Seoul citizens.
Seoul Metropolitan Government began a preliminary vote to choose one of the three finalists for the new Seoul brand, which will be selected and announced on October 28. Through the Seoul Brand Contest, held from July 20 to September 1, a total of 30 prize-winning ideas were selected and further screened by design experts. Afterward, three finalists were selected at the Seoul Brand Promotion Committee meeting held on October 2.
In celebration of the 569th anniversary of Hangeul, Seoul Metropolitan Government will establish and implement the Basic Plan for the Development of Hangeul, which will serve as the foundation of Seouls Hangeul-related policy over the next five years (2015-2019). The city has vowed to take all necessary measures to ensure the successful execution of the plan, aiming to improve communication with the public and develop Hangeul culture.The Basic Plan for the Development of Hangeul aims to achieve three main goals:  the revitalization of the governments communication with Seoul citizens through the improvement of the public language,  the improvement of the environment in which Hangeul is used, and  the development and preservation of Hangeul. Seoul Metropolitan Government will also pursue the development and use of plain language by government officials in various ways, such as by spreading the use of simplified administrative terms, so as to expand the governments communication with Seoul citizens. To promote the use of correct, plain language throughout the organization, the city government will implement plain language evaluations and strengthen plain language training for the creation of public documents for all government employees.Furthermore, after an evaluation of Seouls image, which is based on the Hangeul script, Seoul Metropolitan Government will launch the Integrated Design Project for Seoul, the City of Hangeul to establish Seouls identity as the City of Hangeul.
On October 7, Seoul City held an inauguration ceremony to mark the official opening of the Dongdaemun Global Center in Gwanghui-dong, Jung-gu. Many Mongolians, Russians, and Central Asians live in the Gwanghui-dong area, where they run around 150 shops and hold weekly gatherings of about 1,000 Mongolians, Russians, and other ex-pats for active social and business exchanges. However, the area has long lacked any support facilities for its foreign residents, indicating the desperate need for a Global Center.  The Dongdaemun Global Center will work to form connections between small businesses and traders, provide customized services to revitalize trade and business, and support communication among Korean and foreign residents by providing spaces for events and meetings.   The Dongdaemun Global Center located in Gwanghui-dong, Jung-gu, is the third such Center to be established, following the Seoul Global Center in Seorin-dong, Jongno-gu, and the Southwest Seoul Global Center in Daerim-dong, Yeongdeungpo-gu, which are both areas with large foreign populations.  Location: 7th Floor, 25-6 Ssangnim-dong, Jung-gu  In front of Exits 6 and 7 of Dongdaemun History & Culture Park Station (Lines 2, 4, and 5)  Major Facilities 
Mayor Park Won Soon has embarked on an employment trail for a period of about one month, during which time he will visit 99 workplaces in person. The purpose of these visits is to establish a future employment strategy through systematic policy support for industrial growth. To that end, Mayor Park will meet with citizens at their workplaces, listen to the challenges they face in their work, and work together with the companies to find ways to create jobs. Seoul Metropolitan Government will be operating the Seoul Employment Trail from October 7 to 31, 2015, in an effort to create satisfying and stable work environments for citizens. Seoul City is offering its full support to citizens concerning employment issues, as employment forms the foundation of peoples livelihoods and is a major part of the citys welfare policy. Even though employment is a basic human right, many Seoul citizens are finding it very difficult to find jobs. Therefore, the city government organized the Seoul Employment Trail so that it may take the lead in addressing this issue and ease citizens hardship. Led by Mayor Park himself and supported by relevant policy divisions, the Seoul Employment Trail will have the Mayor Park visit workplaces to hear citizens concerns, work together with companies and industries to find ways to address employment issues and create a stable job-creation ecosystem, and ensure that more focus is put on job quality. While touring workplaces, the Mayor will attend in-depth meetings with job-seeking citizens, company employees, and others and engage in consultations with relevant policy divisions in an effort to identify feasible alternatives and accelerate the resolution of pressing employment issues. Mayor Park Won Soon said, I will go to where the citizens live and work so that I may lead the development of a new employment ecosystem and work directly with citizens, companies, and youths to create jobs. He went on to add, The top priority of Seoul Metropolitan Government is to create jobs for citizens. Therefore, Seoul City will become a Special Employment District, ensuring that no one is marginalized and that everyone who wishes to work can work. In this way, we hope that citizens can make their dreams come true and enjoy a better tomorrow. 
The Bosingak Bell Ringing Ceremony is a representative historical event held regularly in Seoul, along with the Changing of the Royal Guard Ceremony at Deoksugung Palace. Since 2006, about 18,000 Koreans and foreigners have rung the bell at Bosingak Pavilion, as of September 2015. Starting on October 1, 2015, the Bosingak Bell Ringing Ceremony will be redesigned as an event for both Koreans and foreign tourists. In a departure from the citizen-centered nature of the bell ringing event, foreign tourists will now be allowed to ring Bosingak Bell without making a reservation in advance. To ring the bell, foreign visitors may show up on any day of the week, except Mondays, by 11:40 a.m. on the second floor of Bosingak Pavilion. Traditional Korean clothing will also be available on the second floor, giving foreign tourists the opportunity to try on traditional hanbok, military uniforms from the Joseon Dynasty, and other historical Korean clothing and pose for pictures as well.Also of interest is the creation of a new program called I Am a Day Bell-Ringer. Those who submit applications for the program in person at the Bosingak Belfry will get to experience the work of the bell-ringer, who is responsible for the management the bell.
Celebrating its 13th anniversary this year, the 2015 Seoul International Fireworks Festival will be held on Saturday, October 3, at Yeouido Hangang Park. During the festival, over a 100,000 fireworks will be launched into the sky for a period of about an hour and twenty minutes, from 7:20 p.m. to 8:40 p.m. Professional fireworks teams from the USA, the Philippines, and South Korea will participate in this years festival, lighting up the autumn sky in Seoul with fantastic, colorful fireworks. The first team to perform in the 2015 Seoul International Fireworks Festival with Hanwha is USAs Melrose Pyrotechnics, who will kick off the festival at 7:20 p.m. with a charming performance under the theme Love Is Magical. Having recently won fireworks competitions in Japan and Vietnam, captivating the people of both countries, Melrose Pyrotechnics will be staging a sweet yet strong musical fireworks show featuring sophisticated direction and a performance that blurs the line between classic and modern.Starting at 7:40 p.m., the second team, the Philippines own Dragon Fireworks, will present a vibrant and dramatic musical fireworks show to passionate music, which will be a combination of Philippine pop music and electronic dance music, under the theme OPM (Original Philippine Music) against the World. Dragon Fireworks, which will demonstrate the perfection of Eastern and Western popular culture through the explosive beauty of fireworks, has created amazing fireworks displays recently, winning two championship titles at fireworks competitions in Europe. Following such success, a fireworks performance of an even higher standard is expected from this team at this festival.Hanwha, the Korean team, is responsible for the grand finale of the fireworks festival at 8 p.m. under the theme Magical Fireworks, displaying fireworks in the images of Energy, Love, Hope, and Joy. Hanwhas show will be a highly refined performance, combining fireworks, music, visual effects, and narration to create a story. And with a magical display of diverse interesting and amusing fireworks, including fireworks that create the images of characters, ghosts, and UFOs in the sky, Hanwha is sure to stage a truly extraordinary show. For the safety and comfort of Seoul citizens, Yeouidong-ro, which will be extremely congested during the festival, will be blocked off from 2 p.m. to 9:30 p.m. Moreover, the parking lot at Yeouido Hangang Park, in front of 63 City, will be closed from 11 p.m. on October 2, the day before the festival. All festival events and performances will be broadcast live on the official festival website (www.hanwhafireworks.com). 
Seoul came in sixth place in the Global Financial Centres Index (GFCI), which is a ranking of the financial competitiveness of major cities around the world published by Z/Yen, an England-based consulting firm. This was the highest ranking Seoul has ever achieved in the history of the GFCI. The GFCI is a major index that measures the financial competitiveness of major cities around the world. The ranking is an aggregate of indices in five areasbusiness environment, financial sector development, infrastructure, human capital, and general competitivenessevaluated by outside organizations. Since 2007, the GFCI has been published twice a year, in March and September.Seoul placed sixth in the rankings after stepping up to seventh place in March earlier this year. Other top-ranking cities include the leading financial city of London in first place and New York in second place, followed by Hong Kong and Singapore, respectively.Seoul was able to move up to sixth in the GFCI thanks to the achievements made through the various projects introduced by Seoul Metropolitan Government, such as fostering the city as a financial center, establishing infrastructure, and improving the residential and investment environments for foreigners, and which continue through the founding of clinics and schools for foreigners and other diverse projects.
Seoul Metropolitan Governments civil complaint filing service has evolved once again, transitioning from the 120 Dasan Call Center (2007), which resolves complaints and answers questions through just one phone call, to the Ten Commandments of Civil Complaints Service and Eungdapso (2014), the first integrated online complaint and suggestion filing system established in Korea.The three key points of the new civil complaint filing service include:
 support for and protection of citizens rights against any discontentment or disadvantages that could be caused by the handling of their complaints through systems such as the civil complaints compensation system.First, eight experienced complaint filing assistants will be assigned to provide counseling and guide citizens through the entire complaint filing process, including preparing related documents, filing difficult and complicated civil complaints, examining the complaint filing process, and filing appeals. Also, it will be possible for people with disabilities and the elderly to apply for help online via the Eungdapso website or by phone, and the whole process, from filing the complaint to providing the result, will be supported by assistants, eliminating the need for citizens to go to City Hall to file their civil complaints.Some of the personnel from the 120 Dasan Call Center will be given the position of 120 Counseling Coordinator and tasked with thoroughly settling complaints by providing valuable administrative services, including consultations with lawyers and tax accountants, as well as through their connections with the central government and other organizations. Furthermore, the service will make the handling of civil complaints easier and quicker. Specifically, the 120 Dasan Call Centers consultation data will be made public, allowing people to quickly search for information online. Also, automated answers to FAQs will reduce the complaint-handling time to less than two days.With its announcement of Seouls Innovative Measures for the Civil Complaint Filing System, which consists of three key areas and ten specific projects, Seoul Metropolitan Government hopes to create an environment where citizens can easily file complaints and rely on the government to resolve their issues. 
On September 21, 2015, Mayor Park Won Soon, who is currently visiting Ulaanbaatar, Mongolia, proposed the idea of a Northeast Asian community of cities at the 2nd Northeast Asia Mayors Forum, suggesting that Northeast Asian nations must go beyond citizen governance to engage in city governance. The Northeast Asia Mayors Forum is a platform for mayors of Northeast Asian cities and officials from international organizations to come together and seek inter-city cooperation on issues such as the environment and urbanization. About 200 people, including the mayors of over 10 cities in China, Japan, and Russia, as well as officials from 20 international organizations, such as the Asian Development Bank (ADB) and the World Bank, participated in the opening ceremony. At the forum, Mayor Park said, Northeast Asian cities are located in close geographical proximity to each other, within only two to three hours by air, and all of them share similar histories, cultures, and even DNA, as well as a number of commonalities that have the potential to create strong bonds among them. He then proposed the creation of a community similar to those of the European Union (EU), North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), or the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), designed to jointly battle environmental issues and climate change and seek ways of bringing about peace, coexistence, and an economic community within East Asia.In order to respond to climate change, we need a new plan for urbanization, asserted Mayor Park. He then suggested models of New Urbanization, encompassing cities that take action against climate change, cities that have achieved energy independence, and sustainable cities where humans and nature coexist in harmony. Mayor Park explained that Seoul Metropolitan Government had also damaged the environment in the past due to its development-oriented policies. However, providing policy examples such as the One Less Nuclear Power Plant initiative, he elaborated on the environmental transformation of Seoul into a cleaner and safer city, thanks in large part to policy efforts and citizen participation. He emphasized that Seoul is an example of a city of sustainable development, where development and environmental preservation occur side-by-side. 
As the first appointment on his official schedule, Mayor Park Won Soon met with Mayor Erdene Bat-Uul of Ulaanbaatar on September 21. At the meeting, he promised to share Seouls urbanization experience and outstanding policies with Ulaanbaatar, which is currently in the process of establishing a master plan to resolve issues concerning the countrys lack of urban infrastructure and reckless development.Mayor Erdene Bat-Uul asked Mayor Park to share Seouls experiences regarding the resolution of urban issues the city once faced due to its rapid urbanization so that they may be able to think of ways to achieve desirable urban development.As a response to Mayor Erdene Bat-Uuls request to learn about Seouls outstanding policies, made during his visit to Seoul last May, Mayor Park insisted on visiting Ulaanbaatar with representatives from 12 private companies. Since the establishment of their sister-city relationship in 1995, Seoul Metropolitan Government has closely cooperated with Ulaanbaatar in the fields of culture and the environment. During this visit, Mayor Park expressed his hope for an expansion of practical exchange and cooperation in the future, including Seouls export of outstanding policies. Just like the Mongolian proverb that little drops of water make a mighty ocean, Seoul and Ulaanbaatar have built a close relationship over the past 20 years, remarked Mayor Park. He then added, In commemoration of the 25th anniversary of the establishment of official ties between South Korea and Mongolia and the 20th anniversary of the sister-city relationship between Seoul and Ulaanbaatar, I would like to express my hope that exchanges between the two capital cities expands and matures in the future.
Mayor Park Won Soon will be visiting Ulaanbaatar, the capital of Mongolia, for three nights and four days from September 20 to 23, 2015, on the occasion of the 20th anniversary of the sisterhood relationship between the two cities. Mayor Parks visit follows Ulaanbaatar Mayor Erdene Bat-Uuls trip to Seoul last May. During the majors time in Ulaanbaatar, Seoul Metropolitan Government hopes to strengthen the 20-year friendship between the two cities and gain financial benefits as well. Currently, Ulaanbaatar is undergoing rapid urbanization, and its government officials are highly interested in learning more about Seouls development experience, widely known as the Miracle on the Hangang River. Seouls public transit card system, in which passengers pay fares by swiping their transit cards over a sensor, has already been exported to Ulaanbaatar, where it was officially implemented in July. In relation to the system, Mayor Park Won Soon plans to sign a joint policy sharing declaration, involving the policy exchange and project promotion necessary for Ulaanbaatars continued urban development, especially in the areas of smart cities, the environment, disaster preparedness, and urban planning. Besides strengthening exchange and cooperation with Ulaanbaatar, Mayor Park Won Soon will promote Seoul as the leading city in Northeast Asia in his keynote speech at the 2nd Northeast Asia Mayors Forum, hosted by the Mongolian Ministry of Foreign Affairs, as well as through a meeting with Mongolian President Tsakhiagiin Elbegdorj. Just as endless challenges and communication of the nomadic spirit led to the creation of the great Mongol Empire, I hope that continuous communication and exchanges between Seoul and Mongolia will serve as the foundation for the development of our two cities as well as the development of Asia, remarked Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon.
In April 2016, Seoul Metropolitan Government will designate additional no-smoking areas throughout the city, including 1,662 subway station entrances and five roads with eight or more lanes, including Sejong-daero. In particular, smoking will be banned within 10 meters of subway station entrances as well as on sidewalks along roads with eight or more lanes.In January 2015, Seoul Metropolitan Government designated all restaurants in Seoul as no-smoking areas. Regarding the upcoming expansion of no-smoking areas, the government will revise the plan for the maintenance of both indoor and outdoor no-smoking areas in preparation for its implementation in April 2016.The prohibition of indoor smoking, which Seoul Metropolitan Government began to pursue in 2012, is now in its final phase thanks to the active participation of Seoul citizens and strengthened administrative power of the city government. Therefore, the governments policy is now focused on expanding the no-smoking areas to places that are frequently used by many Seoul citizens on daily basis. These places include roadside bus stops and school zones, which will be designated this year, and subway station entrances and major roads, which are expected to be designated as no-smoking areas next year.Currently, a total of 234,244 areas, including government offices, Internet cafes, restaurants, and other public indoor facilities, as well as roadside bus stops, areas surrounding daycare centers and kindergartens, and urban parks, have been designated as no-smoking areas. In the last three years, the number of indoor no-smoking areas has tripled.
Seoul Metropolitan Government is currently preparing to launch the Representative Assembly for Foreign Residents, made up of foreign residents who will create necessary policies related to foreigners living in Seoul. As this will be a practical organization representing foreign residents in Seoul, Seoul Metropolitan Government is currently recruiting 45 foreign resident representatives to lead the assembly.
Through this assembly, the representatives will serve as policy advisors for Seoul Metropolitan Government, create necessary and practical policies for foreign residents, and participate in proposing, implementing, and inspecting all policies related to foreign residents in Seoul. 
The Representative Assembly for Foreign Residents will be the first of its kind in Korea, and will be officially launched on International Migrants Day (December 18, 2015), established by the UN. Over a three-year term, the representatives will listen to the public sentiments and opinions of local residents on a range of issues, including human rights, cultural diversity, improvement of living environments, and empowerment, and meet to discuss important agenda. 
Seoul Metropolitan Government is currently preparing to launch the Representative Assembly for Foreign Residents, made up of foreign residents who will create necessary policies related to foreigners living in Seoul. As this will be a practical organization representing foreign residents in Seoul, Seoul Metropolitan Government is currently recruiting 45 foreign resident representatives to lead the assembly.Through this assembly, the representatives will serve as policy advisors for Seoul Metropolitan Government, create necessary and practical policies for foreign residents, and participate in proposing, implementing, and inspecting all policies related to foreign residents in Seoul. The Representative Assembly for Foreign Residents will be the first of its kind in Korea, and will be officially launched on International Migrants Day (December 18, 2015), established by the UN. Over a three-year term, the representatives will listen to the public sentiments and opinions of local residents on a range of issues, including human rights, cultural diversity, improvement of living environments, and empowerment, and meet to discuss important agenda.  Eligibility : Foreigners over 18 years of age who have lived in Korea more than one year and in Seoul more than 90 days
Seoul Metropolitan Government is now recruiting companies to participate in the Second Seoul Global Center Job Fair for Foreign Residents, which will be held at the COEX on September 22, 2015 (Tue). As this job fair is geared toward foreign residents and international students in Korea, participating companies must be willing to hire foreigners. Those wishing to participate may register by September 16 on the job fair website (http://seouljobfair.com). Inquiries
With the goal of finding a new brand to represent Seoul City, the Seoul Brand International Open Idea Contest was held from July 20 to September 1. Thirty of the top entries (10 slogans, 20 BIs) were selected from among a total of 16,147 submissions (13,975 slogans and 2,172 BIs) from Korea and countries around the world, representing an astonishing competition rate of around 538:1.The number of participants (8,064) was double that of the competition for the  city brand in 2002, recording the highest number of entries among all open competitions held by Seoul Metropolitan Government. The top 30 winning entries were selected through four stages of highly competitive examinations.  On October 28, 2015, Seoul City is slated to unveil the top 30 winners through an event titled Meeting with 1000 Citizens to Select the Seoul Brand, which will be followed by an awards ceremony. Later in the day, the final selection of the new Seoul brand will be made among the top 3 entries by a vote of 1,000 Seoul citizens and announced publicly. The new Seoul brand, slated to be unveiled to the public on October 28, will be put into use starting next year, replacing the previous Seoul City brands  and  and serving as the new symbol representing Seoul City on the global stage. Regarding the selection of the city brand, the process is conducted entirely through the participation of Seoul citizens, and the entire selection process and related articles are disclosed via the official Seoul Brand website (http://seoulbrand.go.kr).  
Seoul Metropolitan Government will launch the Seoul Multicultural Press Corps, composed of multicultural families residing or working in Seoul. The press corps will cover stories about the daily lives of multicultural families with the aim of raising Seoul citizens awareness and understanding of multiculturalism in our society. Through their activities, Seoul Metropolitan Government hopes to create an atmosphere in the city where all Seoul citizens recognize and acknowledge the value of diversity.The city government also plans to hold workshops where it will introduce mentors to the press corps members, who are still inexperienced at covering stories and writing articles, in order help improve their writing and photography skills. Moreover, by arranging regular meetings between press corps members and the mentors, the government hopes to improve the quality of the press corps news coverage and articles.  Submission deadline: September 13, 2015
From September 5 to October 11, 2015, Seoul City Tour Bus tickets for the City and Traditional Culture Tours will be sold at discounted prices at Gwanghwamun Station on Subway Line 5. The City and Traditional Culture Tours take participants to Seouls large traditional markets, including Namdaemun and Gwangjang markets, as well as historical sites, such as Gyeongbokgung Palace and Sungnyemun Gate, and urban tourist attractions, such as Insa-dong and Dongdaemun Digital Plaza. The tours provide participants ample opportunities to enjoy sightseeing, food, and shopping all in one package. How to Participate Admission Seoul City Tour Bus Stop : Gwanghwamun Sejong Center for the Performing Arts Website: Seoul City Tour (www.seoultrolley.com)
From September 10 to 12, 2015, Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the 2015 Together Seoul Idea Expo, where the citys policymakers, including the mayor and all executive officers, will listen to citizens ideas and suggestions regarding city policy.During the event, citizens will have the opportunity to meet with Mayor Park Won Soon one on one and suggest policy ideas. The ideas with the greatest potential for improving the lives of Seoul citizens will be eligible to win a prize of KRW 44 million. In addition, foreign residents, youths, and other citizen groups that face similar problems and issues will gather and engage in discussions in various parts of Seoul.This years idea expo will consist of 74 programs, nearly three times as many as last years expo, held under three themes: Meeting Place, Discussion Place, and Entertainment Place.Citizens whose policy suggestions are selected at the idea expo will be awarded prizes ranging from KRW 50,000 to KRW 200,000, and the best idea will be entered into the Seoul Creativity Contest, held in the second half of this year, and given a chance to win a prize of up to KRW 10 million. In the last three years (2012-2014), over 960 policy ideas have been suggested by Seoul citizens through the idea expo, 68 of which have actually been implemented as policies. Website (Korean) : http://seoulideaexpo2015.org/
In a survey of potential foreign visitors to Korea conducted by the Korea Tourism Organization in 2014, more than half of the respondents (50.2 percent) answered that hallyu was the first thing that came to mind when they thought of Korea. However, foreign visitors also pointed out that opportunities to experience and enjoy hallyu content during their visit to Korea were limited. In response to this, on August 17, 2015 (Mon), Seoul Metropolitan Government launched a program for foreign visitors in Seoul to experience K-pop at SMTOWN@coexartium, a major hallyu attraction in Seoul. The program will be available on Mondays and Tuesdays every week until November 24, 2015 (Tue), offering a total of 30 sessions.Any foreign visitor to Seoul may participate in the K-pop program. Reservations can be made for up to two spots per person on the Seoul Metropolitan Governments Hallyu Tourism Website (http://hallyu.visitseoul.net), with a maximum of 15 people joining each session.Program participants will receive a guided tour of SMTOWN STUDIO, where they will spend half an hour experiencing the life of a hallyu celebrity and one hour learning the latest K-pop dance moves in a dance training room. A professional choreographer will lead the class, teaching dance moves designed especially for beginners. Also, a translator will be present to ensure that each session goes as smoothly as possible. Inquiries: Seoul Metropolitan Government Hallyu Tourism Website (http://hallyu.visitseoul.net)
Eungbonggyo Bridge, a four-lane bridge connecting the northern end of Seongsudaegyo Bridge and Seongdong-gu, will be opened in mid-October as a six-lane bridge (total expansion of 633 meters). The expansion and improvement work on Eungbonggyo Bridge began in October 2008, and is slated for completion in December 2015, when the construction of additional facilities will also be completed.Seoul Metropolitan Government decided to open the four lanes that have already been completed at 4 pm on August 31 in order to alleviate the inconvenience that the construction work has been causing citizens, who have been forced to use an S-shaped temporary bridge.Despite the inconvenience, however, pedestrians will have to continue using the pedestrian walkway on the temporary bridge for safety reasons until October, when the installation of the new pedestrian walkway, elevators, and other safety facilities are expected to be completed.The traffic volume on Eungbonggyo Bridge reaches a daily average of 56,000 vehicles, which had to be accounted for while the expansion work was being carried out. Additional difficulties were caused by the location of the bridge, and as a result, the construction work has taken longer than initially expected. Eungbonggyo Bridge is located near Eungbongsan Mountain, which is one of the best vantage points in Seoul. This construction focuses on the improvement of the existing bridge by reconstructing the middle section of Eungbonggyo Bridge, crossing Jungnangcheon Stream, in the form of a beautifully-sculpted arch, allowing it to blend in well with its surroundings.The first four lanes scheduled to open on August 31 will be maintained until the completion of the expansion work, and the removal of the S-shaped temporary bridge will begin in mid-October, when measures against storms and floods are to be lifted. For more details : Click!
Mayor Park Won Soon met with Governor Guo Shuqing of Shandong Province on August 25, 2015, during the governors visit to Korea, at which time Mayor Park pledged to strengthen exchange and cooperation between the two cities and presented Governor Guo with a Certificate of Honorary Seoul Citizenship. Governor Guos visit to Korea followed Mayor Parks visit to Shandong, China, in November last year. At the meeting, Mayor Park and Governor Guo confirmed the strong friendship between their two cities and discussed ways to expand exchange and cooperation in various areas, including tourism, culture, and environmental issues. Mayor Park personally presented Governor Guo with his Certificate of Honorary Seoul Citizenship. Honorary citizenship is awarded to important non-Korean guests to Seoul who have demonstrated their contribution to the city as well as its management and administration. Past honorary citizens include heads of state, such as President Laura Chinchilla Miranda of Costa Rica (2012), and other important figures, including Guus Hiddink, the South Korean national soccer team coach (2002), and the American football star Hines Ward (2006).I hope that, as an honorary citizen of Seoul, Governor Guo Shuqing of Shandong Province will continue to show great interest in and provide substantial support for the exchanges between Seoul and Shandong Province, commented Mayor Park Won Soon. He went on to add, Together, we will develop the friendship between Seoul and Shandong Province and work together to pursue policies and projects that will be of practical benefit to the people of Seoul and Shandong.
In cooperation with the Canadian Embassy to Korea, Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold Canada Day in Seoul under the theme Seoul Meets Canada from August 25 to September 17, providing Korean people more opportunities to learn about and experience Canadian culture. Since Canada Week, held in 2013 to commemorate the 50th anniversary of diplomatic ties between the Republic of Korea and Canada, the Korean government has been working together with the Canadian Embassy to Korea to host various cultural events.The focus of this years Canada Day in Seoul will be a book fair, Seoul Meets Canadian Books, which will be held alongside several other events, including the Open House Seoul, Canadian Embassy, as part of the Seoul Cultural Night program, and the TEDxSeoul event Creative Inspirations from Canada. For the two weeks from August 25 to September 6, the Seoul Meets Canadian Books book fair will introduce celebrated Canadian writers and various genres of Canadian books. As part of the fair, the Meet the Culture program will showcase not only books on Canadian culture but also vivid photographs of major attractions and cultural events in Canada, while Meet the Authors will introduce over 70 books written by Canadian writers, such as Alice Monro, winner of the 2013 Nobel Prize in Literature for Dear Life, and Lucy Maud Montgomery, the author of Anne of Green Gables. Finally, the Meet the People event will feature books recommended by the Canadian ambassador to Korea himself.On August 28, the Open House Seoul event will allow a total of 30 Seoul citizens to visit the embassy and meet with the ambassador to discuss various aspects of Canada. Also, on September 17, the TED event Creative Inspirations from Canada will be held at the Canadian Embassy. For information or reservations for the TED event, please go to http://tedxseoul.com.
Seoul Station Overpass and five nearby buildings, including the Daewoo Foundation Building, will be connected by a network of pedestrian walkways scheduled to be opened to the public in April 2017. To this end, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will sign an MOU with representatives of the five buildings regarding the installation of the walkways on August 21, 2015. This is the first step in the creation of the 17 pedestrian roads that have been designed as part of the Seoul Station 7017 Project, announced by the Seoul Metropolitan Government in January. The city government believes connecting these buildings to nearby areas will provide people with greater access to leisure and entertainment spaces, contributing to the reinvigoration of the local economy. This MOU will be signed to establish a specific action plan for the installation of the pedestrian walkways, and reviews and discussions of the plan are currently being carried out. Moreover, based on a variety of creative ideas for the project, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will continue developing the area surrounding the overpass as a new attraction in Seoul. Expected to be completed by March 2017, the pedestrian roads will connect the Seoul Square Building and Yangdong Childrens Park, both of which were filming locations for the popular Korean drama Misaeng (Incomplete Life), as well as Namdaemun Church, the Millennium Seoul Hilton, and Namsan Park. Moreover, the Daewoo Foundation Building and Millennium Seoul Hilton will be connected to Namsan Park by small passages.The Seoul Metropolitan Government expects that these passages will attract greater numbers of people to these buildings as well as nearby areas, such as Namdaemun Market, thereby breathing new life into the Seoul Station area and revitalizing neighborhoods across this part of Seoul.Speaking about the project, Mayor Park Won Soon said, Connecting Seoul Station Overpass and nearby buildings will create a foundation for citizen participation through which these areas can coexist. By bringing people together and providing them spaces for leisure as well as easy access to nearby places, Seoul Station Overpass will serve as a catalyst for urban renewal.
As part of the 2015 Hangang Summer Festival, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (Hangang Project Headquarters) will be holding the Seoul Story Fashion Show at 7 p.m. on August 22 (Sat). Commemorating the 70th anniversary of Koreas liberation from under Japanese colonial rule, the show will offer a look at the past, present, and future of Seoul. The Seoul Story Fashion Show, held under the theme Seouls History, will take place at Yevit Stage, Some Sevit, Banpo Hangang Park. The show features 70 Seoul citizens who were picked as models at auditions held on August 10 each citizen model represents one year that has passed since Koreas liberation. The selected citizen models range in age from children to adolescents, adults, and senior citizens, and are featured together with 70 professional fashion models. The show is divided into four sessions, which include: a collection portraying Seoul from 1945 to the present (first and second sessions), a fusion hanbok (traditional Korean clothing) fashion show under the theme Dreams for the Future (third session), and a collection by Yang Heiil, a celebrated Korean fashion designer, based on the theme Oh, the Republic of Korea and Taegeukgi (fourth session). The fashion show will be preceded by an elaborate water display and a performance by Tiki Taka, a seven-person percussion band.  Date: August 22 (7:00 pm-8:40 pm, Sat) Venue: Yevit Stage, Some Sevit, Banpo Hangang Park  Theme: A storytelling fashion show representing the past, present, and future of Seoul through the participation of selected Seoul citizen models of all ages Schedule of Events The schedule and content are subject to change depending on the situation. Information on the program, contact: +82-2-3780-0718
The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to push forward with regulatory reform with a focus on taking daring steps toward deregulation in an effort to breathe life into the grassroots economy, create jobs, and encourage young people to launch startups. The three core targets of this regulatory reform are: 1) the grassroots economy, 2) 50 leading urban/housing-related items, and 3) a shift in the system.With regard to the grassroots economy, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to take several steps, including:  the expansion of areas where outdoor restaurant businesses are permitted to operate,  securing permission for some commercial activities in parks, and  the invigoration of food truck-based businesses. In the second half of the year, the city government will set right the unreasonable business approval/authorization systems that are limiting economic activity.As for regulatory reform pursued by the 50 leading urban/housing-related items, 44 items are related to the easing of relevant regulations, while the remaining six items concern social regulations that need to be supplemented or reinforced. The 50 items were selected from among the opinions of 79 private businesses and autonomous districts collected by a regulation improvement task force composed of relevant experts. Finally, concerning a shift in the system, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will push forward with  open sessions of regulation-related discussion,  legalization with the assistance of grassroots economy participants,  meetings for regulatory improvement,  efforts to identify pending issues through on-site visits, and  governance through collaboration with the private sector, all based on the mottos such as sharing ideas with people, private-sector collaboration, and site-centered operation.
Do you know what happened at Yeouido Airport on August 18, 1945? To celebrate the 70th anniversary of Koreas liberation from Japanese rule, Seoul will put a C-47 aircraft on display at Yeouido Park. The airplane is same model as the one that independence fighters, including Kim Koo, Chang Chun-ha, and Yun Gyeong-bin, took from Shanghai on their return to Korea, landing at Yeouido Airport. It was also this model of aircraft that 15 members of the Shanghai Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea took on their return trip to Korea on November 23, 1945. This is the first transport aircraft that the Korean Air Force owned. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will showcase the plane on the runway in Yeouido for the first time in 70 years ago, and an exhibition titled Flight Over 70 Years will be held to preserve the records of the display.The Seoul Metropolitan Government stated that displaying and allowing people to board the C-47 transport aircraft is a way of experiencing the time of the vibrant Provisional Government and the Liberation Army on the 70th anniversary of Koreas liberation. The government further explained, The Provisional Government and Liberation Army that we have been waiting for these past 70 years has finally come today. The C-47 transport aircraft was not only used by the independence fighters to return to Korea, but was also used as a presidential plane in 1950. The Seoul Metropolitan Government installed a screen inside the aircraft to make the audience feel as if they are flying from Shanghai to Seoul. In addition, a space will be set up to provide people additional historical knowledge surrounding the C-47 aircraft. The aircraft will be on display for three years until 2018. 
One thousand intra-city buses in Seoul have been transformed into messengers promoting Seoul tourism, and will begin traveling all over Seoul from August 15, 2015. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will deploy intra-city buses wrapped with the message Now is the time, Visit Seoul! in three languages (English, Korean ,   !, and Chinese: , !) along 132 bus routes. These buses will remain in operation until the National Day of the Peoples Republic of China holiday period (October 1 to 7).The catchphrase on the buses was created by Mayor Park Won Soon himself, and was also printed on invitations, t-shirts, and other promotional goods during street marketing events held in three major Chinese cities from August 2 to 5, during Mayor Parks visit to the country.Two hundred buses with the message displayed on both sides will be deployed on 60 routes that crisscross the entire city, while eight hundred buses with the message on only the right side will be deployed on 72 routes passing through major tourist attractions visited by large numbers of foreign tourists, such as Myeongdong, Seoul Station, Gwanghwamun, Seoul City Hall, Dongdaemun, and Jamsil.With Mayor Park Won Soons self-appointment as the head of the Seoul Tourism Response Headquarters, the Seoul Metropolitan Government began to market the citys tourism industry directly to the Chinese people, using the catchphrase Now is the time, Visit Seoul! (, !).  In addition to these efforts, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is determined to normalize its stagnant tourism market, which was hit hard by the MERS outbreak, through sales events featuring discounts of up to 70 percent, large-scale hallyu concerts, and MICE support measures. 
The mayor of Seoul is pulling out all the stops to promote the recovery of the MICE industry in Seoul, which has become stagnant due to the recent MERS outbreak. First, the city is offering a special three-in-one package that includes one meal, a bus tour, and a special performance. For the meal, KRW 10,000 will be provided per person, and a bus will be rented by the city and provided free of charge for one day. For the purchase of performance tickets, KRW 10,000 will be provided per person, up to a maximum of KRW 3 million.This package will be provided for tourism organizations holding MICE events in Seoul for at least 50 participants who will be staying in Seoul for a minimum of two nights. Only those who apply for a MICE event (business meeting, incentive tourism) by September of this year and will be coming to Seoul by June of next year will be eligible to receive the package. In addition, for the Hallyu Mega Concert, scheduled to be held in Seoul in early October, and the International Fireworks Festival, to be held in Yeouido on October 3, a total of 1000 seats for each event will be set aside and provided to foreign group tourists on a first-come, first-served basis.Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon announced these incentives at the Beijing-Seoul Tourism and MICE Seminar 2015 held on August 4. Inquiries : +82-2-2133-2791 Websitehttp://www.miceseoul.com/
Once a year, an overnight festival showcasing the culture of Seoul is held in the city. This year, the 8th Seoul Culture Night will be held from August 28 (Fri) to 29 (Sat) in various parts of Seoul, including Seoul Plaza and the Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP).Seoul Culture Night, held for the eighth time this year, will feature the programs that have been most appreciated and enjoyed by Seoul citizens at past festivals, such as Camping in Seoul Plaza, where Seoul citizens spend the night at Seoul Plaza in tents with their families and friends, and the Culture Tour , where citizens tour the citys unique neighborhoods and alleys, including Seochon, Dongsung-dong, and Haebangchon, on a nice, cool summer night.In cooperation with the festival, the Seoul Museum of History, Seoul Museum of Art, and other cultural spaces in Seoul will extend their operating hours to 10 p.m. As a special feature of this years event, 15 world music musicians will perform throughout the night, from 7:30 p.m. on the 28th to 5 a.m. on the 29th, and special programs featuring traditional Korean culture, plays, and musical instruments will be held, such as a modern interpretation of Baekjung Nori (Baekjung Festival) and Ganggangsullae, a traditional Korean circle dance performed under the moonlight to traditional Korean music.This years festival, held under the theme Seoul Summer Night Cultural Recharge, will consist of four different programs: Seoul Baekjung Nori (at Seoul Plaza), Night Owl Festival (at Dongdaemun Design Plaza), Citizens Plaza (at Seoul Plaza), and Cultural Excursion (at various locations in Seoul). Citizens are free to participate in the programs according to their preferences and schedules.The Camping in Seoul Plaza event will be held at Seoul Plaza from 3 p.m. on August 29 (Sat) to 9 a.m. on August 30 (Sun). A total of 150 tents will be available, each accommodating four people, and reservations will be open until August 12 (Wed). This year, participatory cultural events for citizens, a book concert, and various side programs will be held for citizens, further adding to the excitement of the overnight camping experience.Cultural Excursion consists of eight tours of different areas in Seoul, held at different times and dates, in which citizens can reserve up to two spots. As the tours vary by date, time, and number of participants, anyone wishing to participate should check the details of each tour in advance.  Official Website : www.seoulculturenight.com Official Facebook Page : www.facebook.com/seoulopenweek Inquiries: Management Office  02-6462-7420~4
On August 5, 2015, the last day of his trip to China, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon held the Day of Seoul event on the streets of Wangfujing, the busiest district in Beijing, to promote tourism in Seoul. Joining in the festivities were Kangta, a South Korean pop singer who is considered one of the initiators of the Korean Wave, and Cheney Chen, a celebrated Chinese star. Inside an outdoor caf in Wangfujing, Mayor Park, Kangta, Cheney Chen, and a K-pop dance troupe made up of 100 dancers participated in a spectacular flash mob dance to K-pop music. Afterwards, a ceremony was held to appoint Kangta and Cheney Chen as honorary ambassadors of Seoul. Mayor Park and the two honorary ambassadors took the time to speak with Beijing citizens attending the event, pointing out to them the various attractions of Seoul. They also hosted a quiz show featuring trivia about Seoul and participated in photo shoots. Mayor Park also visited China International Travel Service (CITS), a leading enterprise in Chinas travel industry, and gave a briefing on the newest tourist destinations in Seoul and Seoul Citys policies aimed at supporting foreign outbound travel agencies. Finally, during his visit to CYTS Tours, another Chinese travel agency, he shared his opinions on the development of tourism products. 
Following his visits to Guangzhou and Beijing to revitalize the stagnated tourism industry in Seoul in the aftermath of the citys MERS epidemic, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon went to Beijing to meet with Beijing Mayor Wang Anshun on August 4, 2015. While there, Mayor Park promoted tourism in Seoul in various ways, including a real-time Q&A session with Chinese netizens on Renminwang, an online Chinese news portal with an average of 200 million visitors daily. During his meeting with Mayor Wang, Mayor Park thanked him for actively supporting Seoul by sending both a private and a public delegation to Seoul prior to the Mayors visit to China. Afterwards, Mayor Park visited CTS (China Travel Service), a major travel agency in China, accompanied by a private delegation of people working in the Korean tourism industry, and personally promoted tourism in Seoul through sales call marketing.In the afternoon, Mayor Park met with President Yang Zhenwu of Peoples Daily, an official newspaper of the Chinese government, at the newspapers head office, and requested his support and that of the Peoples Daily and Renminwang to spread the word that Seoul is now MERS-free. In addition, Mayor Park held an online, real-time Q&A session with Chinese netizens on Qiangguo luntan, an online message board on Renminwang.
On August 3, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon and Jeju Governor Won Hee-Ryong engaged in tourism marketing in Shanghai, China, in an effort to reverse the significant decline in Chinese tourists to Korea caused by the 70-day MERS crisis. Statistics show that Seoul and Jejudo Island are the two destinations in Korea most favored by Chinese tourists, and thus have been the hardest hit by the decline.Mayor Park and Governor Won met with Shanghai Mayor Yang Xiong to ask for his cooperation in encouraging the residents of his city to resume their trips to South Korea, as the MERS crisis has now been completely resolved. The two local government heads then paid a visit to the headquarters of Ctrip, the largest online travel agency in China, to further promote tourism to Korea.The two gave a briefing on their newly developed tourism resources and support policy for foreign travel agencies, and asked Ctrip to develop tourism products linking Seoul and Jejudo Island, as the two regions are the most favored destinations of 70 percent of the Chinese tourists visiting South Korea. The two also discussed measures designed specifically to satisfy the needs of Chinese tourists with Ctrip representatives.On the morning of August 3 (Monday), Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon visited small Korean shops in the Korean Pavilion of the Qipu Road Clothing Wholesale Market, Shanghai, to which KRW 200 billion worth of clothing made in Seouls Dongdaemun Market is exported every year. That afternoon, Mayor Park met with President Peng Chun of Chinas Bank of Communications, one of the top five banks in China, and suggested that the bank open a financial R&D center in Seoul to serve as a financial hub of Asia. During their meeting, Mayor Park and President Peng also promised to work together to establish a system of support for businesses of both countries operating in foreign countries.
From August 2 to 6, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon will visit the three major cities in ChinaBeijing, Chinas administrative capital Shanghai, the economic capital and Guangzhou, the source of most Chinese tourists to Korea. As the head of the Tourism Measure Headquarters, Mayor Park will visit these cities in an effort to attract Chinese tourists who are still hesitant to come to Seoul over worries of the recent MERS situation which was officially declared to be over days ago.Mayor Park Won Soon will be accompanied by Fei and Jia from Miss A and Kangta, one of the original Hallyu stars, to promote tourism in Seoul by holding a variety of performances and tourism marketing events. Furthermore, Mayor Park will personally visit four key travel agenciesShanghai Jingjiang International Travel Co., Ltd., Ctrip, China Travel Service (CTS), and China International Travel Service (CITS)that are influential in attracting Chinese tourists to Seoul and meet with key figures to deliver the message, You dont need to worry about MERS. It is safe to visit Seoul. Since the Seoul Metropolitan Government and Jejudo Island, in particular, are both worried about the stagnation of the tourism market due to MERS, Mayor Park Won Soon and Jeju Governor Won Hee-Ryong will visit Shanghai together and promote tourism to Korea, aiming to revive their local economies. During his visit, Mayor Park Won Soon will meet with Mayor Wang Anshun and thank him for dispatching a special delegation of 12 people to Seoul as well as for his cooperation in the promotion and marketing of tourism in Seoul. In addition, the Mayor will sign an investment MOU with isoftStone, an up-and-coming IT service company in China, and meet with President Peng Chun of the Bank of Communications, one of the five major banks in China, to discuss ways to foster Seoul as an economic center.Since the MERS outbreak, the number of tourists to Seoul has been halved, remarked Mayor Park Won Soon. Until tourism in Seoul recovers, I will continue to serve as the head of the Tourism Measure Headquarters. He concluded by adding, I will do my best to inform potential Chinese tourists of the variety of tourism products available in Seoul between September and November, such as the 1+1 big sale, the massive Hallyu concert, and the kimchi festival, which will help reinvigorate the stagnant tourism market and revive Seouls economy. 
On July 29, 2015, the Grevin Wax Museum, the first branch of the world-renowned wax museum in Asia, will open in Seoul, featuring a total of 80 life-like wax models of Korean celebrities, historical figures, and politicians, as well as famous foreign celebrities and world-renowned figures. The museums extensive collection of wax models of K-pop stars and Korean celebrities is the first, and largest, exhibition of Hallyu star wax models in the world.  Hallyu Stars (20): Kim Yuna, Choi Ji-woo, Psy, G-Dragon, Kwon Sang-woo, Kim Soo-hyun, Bae Yong-joon, Kim Tae-hee, Park Shin-hye, Ahn Jae-wook, Lee Min-ho, Jang Keun-suk, Jang Dong-gun, Hyun Bin, Rain, Park Ji-sung, etc. Foreign Celebrities (15): Al Pacino, Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan, Marilyn Monroe, George Clooney, Angelina Jolie, Tiger Woods, Michael Jordan, etc.  Major figures (45): Barack Obama, Xi Jinping, Pope Francis, Ban Ki-moon, Admiral Yi Sun-shin, Shin Saimdang, etc. The museum showcases wax models of Korean celebrities, such as Psy, Kim Soo-hyun, Lee Min-ho, Jang Keun-suk, and Hyun Bin, along with wax models of celebrities and contemporary figures popular among Chinese tourists, including Xi Jinping, Jackie Chan, Bruce Lee, and Lang Lang. Therefore, the museum is expected to become a must-see tourist attraction in Seoul, especially for Chinese visitors. Following the opening of revin Seoul, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will continue its efforts to attract a variety of global companies in tourism, culture, and other related fields. Go to the Grevin Seoul Website : http://www.grevin-seoul.com/en
From July 30 to August 1, 2015, in Gwanghwamun Square, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold the Seoul Bazaar Festival  Small and Micro-business Good Product Sales Event as part of its effort to repair the economic damage caused by the MERS outbreak and support the owners of small and micro-businesses who are struggling due to reduced consumer sentiment. Over 250 small and micro-businesses located in Seoul will participate in the festival to sell off their inventory as good products in various categories, including Living and Wellness, Fashion and Accessories, Home Appliances, and Food. A special section will be dedicated to outstanding businesses in sectors prioritized by the city government, such as Seongsu Handmade Shoes, Jongno Jewelry, as well as other promising fashion companies and businesses that have received awards in crafts competitions.In addition, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will host the Sales Event and Market Tour with Mayor Park Won Soon, where Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon will serve as a salesman for the day in support of small and micro-business owners. Also, the Seoul Tourism Promotion and Experience Hall will be opened to assist in reviving Seouls tourism industry, which has been hit hard by the MERS outbreak. Inquiries : +82-2006-6131~3, expo@career.co.kr
What area received the largest portion of Seouls budget spending today? How much of Seouls budget has been spent in total since January 1, 2015? The answers to these questions can now be found using the Seoul Fiscal Clock, starting in July 2015.The Seoul Metropolitan Government will disclose data on its daily government expenditure through moving data, or interactive infographics. This is the first attempt in the world to provide access to public sector fiscal spending data through real-time infographics instead of raw data. Interactive infographics allow users to find the information they want by manipulating visualized data through actions such as clicking, touching, and scrolling. At first, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will offer a trial service for four categories of public data (API) in which Seoul citizens are most interested under the titles:  Seoul Fiscal Clock,  Prices in Seoul at a Glance,  Seouls Last 50 Years in Numbers, and  Current Concentrations of Fine Particles in Seoul. We are introducing Interactive Seoul! for the first time, and it wont be a simple enumeration of data, remarked Mayor Park Won Soon. This is a great example of innovative public administration, as it is providing large volumes of complex data to all citizens in ways they can easily understand. Mayor Park added, We will make the administration of Seoul even more transparent by cooperating with the private sector as well as Seoul citizens and disclosing and sharing even more public data in high-interest areas, making it easily accessible to the public.  Try Interactive Seoul! on the Seoul Statistics Website : http://stat.seoul.go.kr
Starting with Mayor Park Won Soons visit to three cities in ChinaGuangzhou, Shanghai, and Beijingto promote tourism in Seoul from August 2, 2015, the public and private sectors will work together on the promotion and marketing of Seoul as a tourist destination in China and Southeast Asia, making considerable efforts to normalize the tourism market.In his capacity as head of the Headquarters for Tourism Measures, Mayor Park Won Soon emphasized tourism as a means of quickly reviving Seouls economy in the aftermath of the MERS outbreak and is personally leading the efforts to revitalize the stagnant tourism market in Seoul.  Due to the recent MERS outbreak, a great many tourists have cancelled their trips to Seoul, causing considerable difficulty for not only tourism businesses, such as travel agencies, transportation companies, and food and hospitality businesses, but also for Seouls overall economy, remarked Mayor Park Won Soon. He added, At this moment, we have a critical window of opportunity to revive the economy. Therefore, all of us, including the government and private sector, need to work together to quickly breathe life back into our stagnant economy. We will do our best to prevent Seoul from becoming mired in low growth and high unemployment.In addition, at the end of July, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold a meeting with tourism businesses and related organizations, titled the Joint Meeting of Tourism Businesses and Economic Organizations for the Rapid Revitalization of Seouls Economy Following the MERS Outbreak. Through this meeting, the city government plans to actively seek out and identify measures and precedents for public and private sector cooperation in order to revitalize tourism. Moreover, the government will strive to reflect the perspectives of the tourism industry and economic organizations in its policies as much as possible, and implement such policies promptly.
Starting with 80 neighborhoods in 13 autonomous districts, neighborhood community service centers in Seoul will be transformed into resident-centered welfare bases providing integrated health and welfare services through resident participation. The staff of these service centers will visit the homes of local residents, and the number of social welfare workers and visiting nurses has already nearly doubled. The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to change the previous welfare system, where welfare services were provided at the request of residents, into a home visiting welfare system.The five major changes to the program include:  the expansion of universal welfare recipients,  thorough welfare management by personal welfare planners,  professional welfare consultants resolving difficulties by listening to the stories of welfare recipients,  support for the establishment of resident-centered neighborhood ecosystems, and  the transformation of neighborhood community service centers.First, in addition to families suffering from poverty and family crises, which were the original targets of welfare, senior citizens (those over 65 years of age) and families with newborn babies will also receive universal home visiting welfare services. This is the first time in the country that these two groups have been provided such welfare services.Second, until now, comprehensive welfare management services had only been provided for select welfare recipients. But from now on, all employees of the neighborhood community service centers, now called Our Village Action Officers, will oversee all welfare management for the areas under their jurisdiction, carrying out a variety of tasks, from discovering welfare blind spots to actually providing welfare service. Our Village Action Officers, along with neighborhood leaders and sharing neighbors, will regularly inspect the areas under their jurisdiction, identify residents needs, and handle related civil complaints, thereby securing the livelihoods of residents.Third, welfare service consultations, which had previously been conducted by welfare type, such as basic pension, disability pension, and basic livelihood security, will now be provided by professional welfare consultants in an integrated format, including everything from welfare consultations to customized solutions linked with local resources. This kind of comprehensive service has been made possible for the first time in Korea through neighborhood-level case management. Optimal, comprehensive welfare services will be provided to those who file civil complaints through the cooperation of all community resources, including medical facilities, schools, local civic groups, community lawyers, and CPAs.Fourth, neighborhood community service centers will now act as bases for the provision of support to community residents, from connecting residents who wish to resolve their problems on their own with the local resources they need to ensuring efficient communication between the city, district, and residents. This system has been instituted with the goal of creating a neighborhood ecosystem led by the residents most knowledgeable about the area so that communities will be empowered to resolve their own issues. These changes have already been made in several autonomous districts through the launch of unique projects.Fifth, to help each community service center truly become the center of its neighborhood, overseeing health, welfare, and other community issues, the community center buildings have been specially designed by Seouls public architects with the cooperation of residents throughout the design process. For the establishment of the buildings, which have been designed to serve as convenient, resident-led spaces, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has provided about KRW 70 million to 80 dongs that were involved in the first phase of the project, and all construction work was completed before July.The transformation of the neighborhood community service centers, which are institutions that make direct contact with residents, is the starting point of a welfare system through which all ten million Seoul citizens will be able to receive welfare services in their daily lives, unlike the previous welfare service system, which served only a select group of people, remarked Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon. Through the integration of health, welfare, and resident participation, we hope the resident-centered welfare system will be further strengthened, and that welfare blind spots will be eliminated through resident networks. I hope these efforts will lead Seoul to become a city where everyone is happy.
In accordance with Article 14 of the Foreign Investment Promotion Act (FIPA), Article 20 of the FIPA Enforcement Decree, Article 15 and 16 of the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) Ordinance on Support for Foreign Investment, the Investment Promotion Division of the Seoul Metropolitan Government hereby offers additional notification of the plan, outlined below, to provide subsidies for employment, education, and training for foreign invested enterprises in Seoul Metropolitan City in 2015. Eligible companies are kindly requested to submit subsidy applications in accordance with the following:  Eligibility: Foreign investment projects attracted by the SMG or foreign-invested enterprises that invest in new growth industries designated by the SMG Eight new growth industries: IT convergence, digital content, green industry, business services, fashion, design, finance, tourism and conventions, biomedical  Conditions for support Number of regular employees: average number of employees who are listed in the Income Tax Withdrawal Report submitted to the tax office, as per Article 185 (1) of the Enforcement Decree of the Income Tax Act, for the most recent three months (Oct ~ Dec of 2013 Oct ~ Dec of 2014) Up to KRW 200 million per corporation (employment subsidy, education and training subsidy) Total subsidy budget: KRW 258 million For information on Application and others, please go to : http://investseoul.com
On July 22, Seoul Metropolitan Government published a guidebook to Seoul titled Around the World in Seoul. As part of the citys storytelling tourism activities, this guidebook introduces various stories about the history and culture of Seoul as well as its history of immigration and the foreign people that have influenced the city. The guidebook has been published in Korean, English, Chinese and Japanese.This chapter offers a tour of Myeong-dong that highlights the Chinese influence on the area, presenting a unique perspective on the citys famous shopping paradise.
The two most prominent examples of the Chinese presence in Myeong-dong are the Chinese embassy and the Hanseong Overseas Chinese Primary School. This chapter also contains descriptions of Chinese-operated Chinese restaurants, stores that sell traditional Chinese tea and Korean celebrity souvenirs, and long-established shops that have been in business for three generations.A district that has long been a center of foreign cultural influence in Seoul, Itaewon has become a tourist attraction offering unique and easily approachable experiences of international culture.
During the Joseon Dynasty, the area occupied by present-day Itaewon was filled with lodgings for travelers passing through the city. In the 1970s, it became famous among flight attendants of foreign airlines, who often came here to purchase tailored clothing and leather products. Now, Itaewon is a truly unique place in Seoul, where night clubs and pubs stand side-by-side with a mosque. Around the World in Seoul includes useful information on weekend flea markets, the Village Tour program, festivals, and other sightseeing opportunities in Itaewon, giving tourists plenty of options for exploring Itaewon by both day and night.The guidebook also contains stories on the countries of five continents  (Asia, Americas, Europe, Africa, and Oceania) that have influenced Seoul throughout its history.
For each continent, there is a separate chapter that introduces districts in Seoul that reflect the cultures of countries in that particular continent. There are stories about Nepal, which has had diplomatic relations with Korea for 40 years, and a description of Changsin-dong, which features many Nepalese restaurants. Another section is devoted to the Hongik University Station area, where one can learn the traditional dances of countries of South America, the continent that is geographically farthest from Korea.The chapter Following the Footsteps of World Stars in Seoul  introduces tourist attractions in Seoul that have been visited by international celebrities and famous people.
The stories about famous international figures who have enjoyed the attractions of Seoul will pique the curiosity of tourists. There are descriptions of the Dongdaemun night market, which was visited by Peng Liyuan, the wife of Chinese President Xi Jinping, and the Hongik University club street, which was visited by pop star Beyonce. There is also a description of Michael Jackson being so impressed by a statue of a mother and her children in Childrens Grand Park that he tried to replicate it at home as well as a picture of Tim Burtons doodles on the wall of a bindaetteok (mung bean pancake) shop in Gwangjang Market.Through its My Note for World Travel in Seoul chapter, the guidebook differentiates itself by allowing other tourists who have visited the city to share their own stories.
After taking a tour of Seoul based on the stories presented in the guidebook, tourists are invited to write about their own experiences, thereby creating another story of global culture in Seoul. These reflections will be collected and used to assist in the development of Seoul Metropolitan Governments future tourism policy and programs. Those who submit their travel writings to any of the various tourist information centers located throughout Seoul will receive a souvenir. Go to guidebook
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is currently  developing a new city brand for Seoul that reflects Seouls identity and with which Seoul citizens can identify. Accordingly, we are holding the Seoul Brand Idea Contest, and invite all citizens of the world to participate. We welcome your interest and participation.Mayor of Seoul
The Seoul Metropolitan Government confers honorary citizenship upon international residents in Seoul in recognition of their contributions to the city and the local community, including being a role model to Seoul citizens as well as other foreign residents.  Improving the status of the City of Seoul at home and abroad, Enhancing the quality of life and promoting cultural activities of citizens, The economic development of Seoul, or Introducing cutting-edge technologies in science and other industries. * Note: Foreign residents refer to those who completed alien registration with the Immigration Bureau of the Republic of Korea. Those who are exempt from alien registration in accordance with applicable law/regulation, such as the holders of Official & Diplomatic passports, are also eligible.  Address: International Relations Division, 8F, Seoul City Hall, 110 Sejong-daero, Jung-gu, Seoul 100-744, Korea email : ysy0227@seoul.go.kr In case of submission by postal mail, the postmark date should be no later than July 31, 2015.  Not only submission of a hard copy (original copy) of recommendation form via postal or in person, but also submission of soft copy (digital files) via e-mail is required to be made no later than July 31, 2015. The Selection Committee will be convened in August of 2015.  If more information about nominees is needed, the Committee will contact nominators to request additional information or confirm facts.  Visit http://english.seoul.go.kr/ Click Notice of Recommendation for Honorary Citizenship 2015 of Seoul. The conferment ceremony for Honorary Citizenship of Seoul will take place on October 28, 2015 at Sejong Center (Sejong Hall).  Ms. Yeom, Seo-yun,  Tel : 02-2133-5278  A recommendation form
You can purchase a wide range of discounted products and services in department stores, duty free shops, major super markets, shopping malls, cosmetics stores, theaters, theme parks, and restaurants from July 1 to July 31, 2015.With a Seoul Summer Sales Discount Card, you can get a variety of items at more reasonable prices and participate in many different events that offer giveaways and freebies at department stores and duty free shops.Visit the event website for further details!Seoul Summer Sale 2015
To prevent the spread of MERS and overcome the current outbreak, businesses and organizations in Seoul are making a concerted effort to support the Seoul Metropolitan Government.Using the Dasan 120 Call Center and other means to connect businesses and organizations eager to provide assistance with related institutions in the aftermath of the MERS outbreak, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is working to support the medical personnel and patients at the frontlines of the outbreak as well as those placed under home quarantine.In general, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is connecting businesses and organizations with previous experience engaging in social philanthropy with the Seoul Metropolitan Government as well as those that have expressed a desire to provide support with the Social Cooperation Team through the Dasan 120 Call Center, thereby supporting those in need during this difficult time.For instance, Kolmar Korea, which provided medical supplies following the Nepal earthquake in May, donated 5,000 bottles of hand sanitizer to national and public childcare and welfare facilities in cooperation with the Seoul Council on Social Welfare. In addition, the SPC Happy Foundation provided over 3,000 people, including medical professionals, support personnel, patients, and people under home quarantine, with snacks such as pastries and beverages. Working through the Seoul Volunteer Center, Sebang Co., Ltd. and Kuhnil Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. provided funds for the purchase of necessary materials, such as vitamins, personal sanitary products, daily necessities, and antiseptics, while the Community Chest of Korea in Seoul provided medical staff, hospital personnel, and those under home quarantine messages of encouragement along with snacks and beverages packaged by organization members themselves. For members of low-income households under home quarantine, the Community Chest of Korea is also planning to provide financial assistance to help cover living expenses. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will continue to support and bring together private businesses and organizations that have established plans to make social contributions for those in need. 
In 2014, approximately 62.9 percent of youth employees were graduates of college or higher, but about 53.8 percent of elderly employees were graduates of middle school or below. Also, the average monthly income of youth employees was KRW 1.807 million, which was higher than the KRW 1.287 million of elderly employees. However, the income of elderly employees has increased by 25.7 percent over the last five years, which is much greater than that of youth employees, at 15.0 percent. In fact, the average income of both youth and elderly employees is substantially lower than the total average income of KRW 2.519 million. The number of youth employees is on the decline, while the number of elderly employees has increased consistently from 207,000 to 306,000. Additionally, the employment rate of the elderly has increased from 22.5 percent to 27.0 percent.  In descending order, the fields with the most youth employees were: wholesale/retail (174,000 people), accommodations/restaurants (128,000), and education services (96,000). For elderly employees, it was found to be: wholesale/retail (51,000), business facility management/business support (43,000), and transportation (31,000).   
In 2014, newly marries couples (married for less than five years) in Seoul lived in homes with an average floor area of 72.7 square meters, which is smaller than the national average of 80.1 square meters and the average for the Seoul Metropolitan Area of 76.5 square meters. By housing type, most couples, about 44.6 percent, lived in apartments and residential complexes, followed by multiplex housing and townhouses at 36.7 percent and detached homes and multi-household housing at 16.4 percent. By housing type for newly married couples living in Seoul in 2014, most couples, about 63.5 percent, lived in leased housing, followed by owned housing at 21.4 percent, free housing (living with parents, company housing, official residences, etc.) at 8.1 percent, and monthly rental housing (including half-leased housing) at 7.0 percent. As for homeowners, 44.5 percent answered that their homes cost between KRW 200 and 300 million (average of KRW 270 million), while 49.3 percent of leased housing residents paid between KRW 100 and 200 million as their housing deposit (average of KRW 140 million). Residents of monthly rental housing requiring deposits paid an average of KRW 75 million for the deposit with an average monthly rent of KRW 320,000.If the deposit for a newly married couples current leased housing were to increase, three out of five households (62.8 percent) answered that they would decide whether to renew their lease or move to different housing after they were informed of the specific amount by which their deposit is to increase. Among these, 31.4 percent answered that they would accept a deposit increase of between KRW 10 and 20 million. Moreover, 24.1 percent of newly married couples answered they would move to different housing if the owner of their current residence were to raise the deposit amount. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government, in cooperation with the Seoul Credit Guarantee Foundation, has decided to put significant effort to providing payment guarantees for small-sized businesses incurring damages from the slowdown in business caused by the MERS outbreak. To breathe life back into the local economy, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has begun providing emergency management stabilization funds, amounting to a total of KRW 200 billion, through the provision of special payment guarantees for cash liquidity, focusing on small-sized businesses, clinics, and travel agencies. As a result, a total of 4,389 relevant applications, amounting to KRW 127.8 billion, have been submitted since June 10, when the program was first launched.The Seoul Credit Guarantee Foundation eased the eligibility criteria in order to help businesses receive much-needed financial support sooner, and has opened emergency counters at its branches to serve the businesses receiving payment guarantees. It has also adopted a more flexible human resource management system at its headquarters and branches.As a result, a total of KRW 11.2 billion in payment guarantees has been provided to 366 businesses since June 22.In addition to the stabilization funds, the Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Seoul Credit Guarantee Foundation are also providing relevant consulting and funding (up to KRW 1 million per business, KRW 450 million in total) to a variety of businesses, including restaurants, bakeries, supermarkets, and laundromats, in an effort to help them endure the difficulties caused by the MERS epidemic.
Between June 19 and 21, the Seoul Metropolitan Governments Research Institute of Public Health and Environment and the Seoul City Transportation Headquarters carried out a joint MERS-related investigation of subway stations, platforms, washrooms, and hanging straps on subway trains in an effort to dispel the vague feeling of unease that has spread throughout the population.The investigation was conducted in the three subway stations that were used by the 137th MERS patient, and six other transfer stations, including Gangnam Station, where commuter volume is higher than that of other stations, with a particular focus on 115 places, including platforms, waiting spaces, plumbing fixtures, train doors, ventilation openings, and filters.Following the survey, Seoul City officials announced that no MERS virus was detected on any surface in the subway stations or subway cars.
On June 16, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon paid a visit to Inje University Sanggye Paik Hospital, one of the 33 MERS-free hospitals in Seoul (161 nationwide), where he inspected the status of MERS-related operations and shared some words of encouragement with the medical staff there.He checked the separate facility (168 square meters) in front of the main building of the hospital that was installed to accommodate patients suffering from fever and respiratory symptoms as well as the negative pressure room on the fifth floor, where test samples are thoroughly screened for the virus and kept isolated and tightly contained. While speaking to the medical staff, he made a point to ask whether they were experiencing any difficulty.Prior to his visit to this hospital, the Mayor paid visits to several other hospitals: the Seoul Medical Center, designated for patients showing serious MERS-related symptoms (June 9) Boramae Medical Center, similarly designated (June 13) Seobuk Hospital, designated for those exhibiting minor symptoms (June 14) Mediheal Hospital , in Yangcheon-gu, currently closed due to exposure to confirmed MERS patients (June 14) and Korea University Guro Hospital, designated as a MERS-free hospital (June 15).MERS-free hospital refers to hospitals, designated by the Ministry of Health and Welfare (MOHW), to which ordinary people can go without having to worry about contracting the virus, as patients presenting with respiratory symptoms (including suspected MERS patients) are kept separate from regular patients. In consultation with private hospitals, Seoul City will continue to designate more MERS-free hospitals.Seoul City is currently operating three types of hospitals in connection with the current MERS outbreak:  two hospitals designated for the treatment of those exhibiting serious symptoms (Seoul Medical Center and Boramae Medical Center),  one hospital designated for the treatment, in a separate space, of those showing minor symptoms (Seobuk Hospital), and  59 hospitals designated for the treatment of those suspected of having contracted MERS (i.e. 25 public health centers, three Seoul City-operated hospitals, and 31 hospitals for emergency care, including those operated by Seoul National University). List of hospitals designated for the treatment of suspected MERS patients and MERS-free hospitals 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has announced the Seoul City Emergency Economic Stimulus Package, which has been developed as a means of stabilizing the livelihoods of the public and minimizing the impact of the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) on the weakened consumer sentiment. As a first step, the city government will invest emergency funds of KRW 10 billion by the end of July in order to provide public jobs for approximately 2,000 unemployed youths and low-income households, who are struggling to keep themselves afloat. Particularly, the measure plans to engage those working in the culture and tourism sector as well as small merchants, who have been the hardest hit by the MERS outbreak. Second, as emergency welfare funds, Seoul City will provide one month of living expenses, ranging from KRW 409,000 (for one-person households) to KRW 1,514,700 (for six-person households), to those who have been quarantined or hospitalized due to MERS. Benefitting from the stimulus package will be about 2,842 quarantined and hospitalized patients (as of June 13), 525 people who have recently been released from quarantine, and others who are expected to suffer related damages in the future. Third, emergency funds of about KRW 200 billion will be distributed among merchants, who have been hit hard by MERS, either directly or indirectly. Also, small-sized firms and small merchants, who have been operating their businesses for more than six months, are eligible to receive special deposits and loansa maximum of KRW 50 million per company. In addition, restaurants, bakeries, and supermarketsfrontline sectors in close connection with the livelihood of the peoplewill be offered a maximum of KRW 1 million per store and a total of KRW 450 million in consulting and maintenance funds. In the future, the city government will provide additional support for merchants in connection with the government support measures. Fourth, in order to prevent MERS from spreading through traditional markets and shopping districts, and to secure the safety of visiting citizens, 25 autonomous districts and 344 traditional markets will be equipped, very soon, with a total of 750 hand sterilizers, 5,595 hand sanitizers (875ml), and 27,714 gel-type hand disinfectants (476ml). Fifth, Seoul City will regularly announce the current status of the MERS outbreak in the Seoul area and keep citizens updated on the city governments measures. In addition, while collecting suggestions and concerns from each and every company and area in need of government assistance, Seoul City will request that companies with workers suspected of having come into contact with the MERS virus preserve the positions and salaries of such workers. Lastly, by spending 58 percent of the budget subject to early execution (a combined amount of KRW 22.2895 trillion in the city and districts) in the first half of this year, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will take the lead in supporting the weakened economy and promoting consumption.
Anyone who suspects they may have contracted MERS, or is experiencing a fever and respiratory symptoms such as coughing and phlegm, can receive treatment at a public health center or a medical institution equipped with a MERS treatment facility. At present, such facilities have been established at 25 public health centers, eight Seoul City-operated hospitals, and two public hospitals. Suspected MERS patients who visit a public health center will be checked for MERS through a body fluid test carried out at the Seoul City-operated Research Institute of Public Health and Environment. Also, the Seoul Medical Center is carrying out tests and providing treatment, using a negative pressure room for the collection of bodily fluids. The Seoul Medical Center and Seobuk Hospital have been designated as MERS-quarantined hospitals, and are treating MERS patients showing mild symptoms, while Boramae Medical Center has been tasked with providing intensive care for MERS patients displaying severe symptoms.Seoul City will increase the number of MERS treatment centers in consultation with private hospitals, including tertiary hospitals.The Ministry of Health and Welfare (MOHW) has released a list of MERS-free hospitals. MERS-free refers to hospitals being run for ordinary people concerned about the possibility of having contracted MERS. So far, 22 tertiary hospitals, 61 general hospitals, and four hospitals have been designated as MERS-free hospitals, 20 of which are located in Seoul. At MERS-free hospitals, patients experiencing respiratory symptoms receive treatment at a separate treatment facility, instead of in the emergency room. If hospitalization is necessary, they are given single-bed rooms. Patients with pneumonia are sent to an intensive-care facility after it has been determined that they are not infected with MERS. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government held the Private and Public Joint Response Meeting on June 12 with experts in related areas in order to come up with an effective, specialized countermeasure to stop the spread of MERS.After working with the Seoul Medical Association, which is fighting at the frontlines of the MERS prevention effort, to establish a cooperative system to prevent the spread of MERS, the Seoul Metropolitan Government held this meeting on June 8, in close cooperation with specialized private and public institutions, to provide assistance and seek advice on how to prevent MERS from spreading to other regions and communities of Korea.The mayor of Seoul and the presidents of 20 hospitals, including three government-designated hospitals, six regional base hospitals, one regional public hospital, three Seoul municipal hospitals, and seven private hospitals, attended the Private and Public Joint Response Meeting.At the meeting, the attendees discussed measures to address the issue of medical institutions refusing to treat people who have come into contact with MERS patients and focused on matters related to epidemiologic investigations and medical consultations.Also discussed were compensation and relief plans for medical professionals and institutions that have suffered losses or damages for various reasons, such as the closing of hospitals where MERS patients were treated.The Seoul Metropolitan Government outlined all of the measures that have been taken by hospitals to prevent the spread of MERS and established a practical cooperative measure through which operational resources at each medical institution can be identified quickly and efficiently, including the number of medical personnel and professionals, isolation rooms, negative pressure isolation rooms, subsidiary facilities, and ambulances.The government of Seoul will make all possible efforts to resolve the MERS crisis and prevent the spread of MERS to regional communities, including sharing information through an administrative hotline and cooperating actively with private and public medical professionals at the working level.
 Since May 2015, the Republic of Korea has been investigating an outbreak of MERS. It is the largest known outbreak of MERS outside the Middle East.CDC does not recommend that Americans change their travel plans to the Republic of Korea or other countries because of MERS.  2015.06.08 More details : http://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/mers/index.html WHO does not advise special screening at points of entry nor does it currently recommend the application of any travel or trade restrictions.  2015.06.02 More details : http://www.who.int/mediacentre/news/situation-assessments/
In May 2015, the Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the Comprehensive Development Plan for the Seoul Station Area, through which it plans to develop the Seoul Station area into a central axis of the city, connecting the industrial axis that runs from north to south and the MICE axis that runs from east to west. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will utilize the potential of the Seoul Station area, which is located at the center of Seoul and serves as the gateway to the city, with over 400,000 people coming and going every day, to turn this area into a historical, cultural, and tourist attraction and revitalize the declining local economy.The Seoul Metropolitan Government launched this action plan after holding over 100 meetings and consultations with citizens (73 on-site consultations, seven citizen and expert opinion polls, 13 consultations with related organizations, etc.), and even reflected opposing opinions. In preparation for the Seoul Station 7017 Project, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will begin developing the area north of the station, at the requested of the residents of the area. Following the integrated construction plan, and to secure the efficient use of the land north of the station, a replacement bridge will be installed in connection with the development plan for the area. Measures to improve traffic conditions, such as the construction of a bypass in a nearby area (Manrijae-ro  Yeomcheongyo (Bridge)  Toegye-ro) and reinforcement of the main road running east to west (Chilpae-ro  Sungnyemun (Gate)), will also be implemented. In addition to the development of the area north of Seoul Station, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is also drawing up a plan to create a MICE axis that connects the COEX and Jamsil area, Seoul Station, Sangam and Susaek area, and KINTEX in Goyang. Through the governments effort to revive Namdaemun Market, which has been in decline for 10 years, Namdaemun Market was selected as a Global Luxury Market by the central government (in April) and will receive KRW 5 billion to reinvigorate the market. Moreover, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to come up with a customized renewal development plan for the Jungnim-dong, Hoehyeon-dong, and Cheongpa-dong areas, and will work together with local residents while moving ahead with the plan.
In order to prevent the spread of MERS (Middle East Respiratory Syndrome), the Seoul Metropolitan Government will dramatically expand the measures currently in place to disinfect facilities inside subway stations and subway cars.First, the government will ensure that facilities inside subway stations, train cars, and restrooms with which passengers make direct contact are cleaned and disinfected more frequently. Specifically, subway train cars will be disinfected twice a week instead of once, and facilities such as chairs, handles, and escalator handrails, with which passengers make direct contact, will be disinfected on a daily basis.The interiors and restrooms of subway stations will be cleaned several times every day and disinfected twice a week rather than once. The sterilization of subway ticket machines, which has been done only once a month, will now be carried out every day as well. As personal hygiene and sanitation are critical to preventing the spread of disease, hand-sanitizing stations will be installed in the over 300 stations that handle the largest volumes of passenger traffic. Also, the government will regularly inspect subway station restrooms to ensure that they are equipped with soap at all times.Furthermore, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will promote measures that citizens can take to avoid contracting MERS. Video clips showing such measures as well as the symptoms of MERS and other related information will be featured on displays inside subway cars and stations 30 to 40 times a day. Information on the hygiene etiquette of coughing in public will also be broadcast.
Cultural and sports events in Seoul will be cancelled or postponed as part of the citys effort to prevent the spread of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS). The Hangang Recharge Concert, which was planned to be held every Wednesday, Saturday, and Sunday in Yeouido this June, as well as the Hangang Relay Street Concert, scheduled for every Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, will be postponed. In addition, the culture and art street performances that were slated to be held at the open stage of Seoul Childrens Grand Park, Deoksugung Palace, Daehanmun Gate, Naksan Park, and various other venues will be also be cancelled. Moreover, all events scheduled for June will be cancelled or postponed until further notice, including performances, lectures, symposiums, sports games, concerts of the Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra, and the Seoul Grand Park Rose Festival, which were planned to be held at various locations throughout the city, such as Seoul Citizens Hall, Seoul Metropolitan Library, Seoul Museum of History, Seoul Baekje Museum, Cheonggyecheon Culture Center, Namsangol Hanok Village, Seoul Museum of Art, and Buk Seoul Museum of Art.However, rather than being cancelled, traditional culture events such as the Namsan Bongsudae (beacon tower) Lighting Ritual and the Changing of the Royal Guard Ceremony at palaces in Seoul will only be reduced in scale. Inquiries: Seouls 120 Dasan Call Center
On May 20, the Seoul Metropolitan Government launched the Anti-MERS HQ and has taken diverse measures to prevent the spread of the infectious disease in the city. On June 4, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon said that the Seoul Metropolitan Government would share MERS-related information with the people on a real-time basis at a briefing session in an effort to curb MERS in cooperation with the people. He added that the Seoul Metropolitan Government would take a stronger step to protect peoples safety and lives by mobilizing all available administrative capabilities. He said, Effective immediately, I will serve as the head of the Anti-MERS HQ. I am sure that we can get over the situation by working together, however dreadful a disease it may be.He said, Effective immediately, I will serve as the head of the Anti-MERS HQ. I am sure that we can get over the situation by working together, however dreadful a disease it may be.In cooperation with the central government, the Seoul Metropolitan Government intends to do everything it can to resolve the current crisis.On June 7, the Seoul Metropolitan Government increased the number of employees at the 120 Dasan Call Center by 119 people in preparation for a sharp increase in incoming calls for consulting, emergency requests, and the transportation of patients after the disclosure of the names of the hospitals associated with MERS. The Seoul Metropolitan Government is also considering operating a return call center in addition to the MERS-related Call Center. The 119 Situation Office has started working on an emergency basis. The Seoul Metropolitan Fire and Disaster Headquarters operates a team that handles the transportation of people exhibiting MERS symptoms, with each fire department operating a situation room. When it is judged that a person calling the Seoul Metropolitan Government requires more accurate, thorough testing, the team will send an ambulance for transportation to a hospital. To provide this service, a team composed of 20 to 30 public health center employees and 140 ambulances has been assembled. If required, the mobilization of 116 additional fire trucks will be considered. On June 7, the responsibility for MERS-related testing was transferred from the Korea Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to a local public health and environment research institute. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will send all of the necessary reagents and precautions for carrying out MERS testing to the institute. The Seoul Metropolitan Government Research Institute of Public Health and Environment (RIPHE) is responsible for making the final decisions on all cases in addition to carrying out both screening and confirmation tests. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has installed more personnel and facilities for testing at the said institute, thus doubling the testing capacity to 70 cases a day.The RIPHE has tested a total of 138 cases, with 128 cases testing positive, two cases testing negative, and the remaining eight cases are currently underway. As of 8 p.m. on June 7, the number of people monitored by the Seoul Metropolitan Government has now reached 1,552, including those who were home quarantined (1,337 people), those made to stay at relevant facilities (6 people), and those who have made simple contact with other patients (169).At considerable cost, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide anti-MERS supplies (e.g. hand sanitizer and cold weather masks) to public institutions and facilities, markets, large-sized supermarkets, department stores, cinemas, facilities for large-scale events, senior citizen centers, and daycare centers.The Seoul Metropolitan Government is taking steps toward disinfecting 307 subway stations, 13,130 buses, 70,000 taxis, and the five intra-city bus terminals. In particular, the low-hanging hand straps of subway cars and buses, public toilets, and safety handrails in public facilities will be treated with disinfectant at least once a day.All cultural events hosted or sponsored by the Seoul Metropolitan Government will be postponed until the current situation has calmed down. Concerning private events scheduled to be held in Seoul Metropolitan Government-operated facilities, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will accept their cancellation without penalty.The Seoul Metropolitan Government will also install a special treatment center near the main building of the Seoul Medical Center. The Seoul Metropolitan Government is planning to take all of these steps in cooperation with the central government, the 25 autonomous district offices in Seoul, and experts in the public sector.On June 6, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon met with representatives of the Seoul Medical Association and asked for their cooperation in the epidemiological survey being carried out by the Seoul Metropolitan Government. Commenting on the current MERS situation, an Seoul Metropolitan Government official said, We will make all possible efforts, while putting the lives and safety of the people first. We would also like people to recognize and believe in what we are doing to prevent the spread of MERS and cooperate with us. Hotline for MERS-related consulting : Dasan Call Center (120) or Ministry of Health and Welfare (043-719-7777) 
1. Maintain good personal hygiene. Wash your hands often with soap and water or by using a hand sanitizer.2. If you are traveling in the Middle East, avoid contact with camels, goats, and bats. Avoid visiting camel markets and camel farms and participating in camel riding experience programs. Refrain from eating raw camel meat and raw camel milk.3. If you cough or sneeze, cover your mouth and nose with a tissue or handkerchief. If you do not have a tissue or handkerchief, use the sleeve of your shirt. 4. Avoid going to areas that are crowded with people. If you must go, wear a mask.5. If you show start to show symptoms such as fever, coughing, difficulty in breathing, and other respiratory symptoms, put on a mask and receive treatment from a hospital immediately.6. If you start to show symptoms within 14 days after traveling in the Middle East, report to your community health center and receive treatment from a hospital immediately.For more information, visit www.cdc.go.kr or http://travelinfo.cdc.go.kr.
The number of foreigners living in Seoul who have registered with the Ministry of Justice stands at 268,000, as of 2015 (Q1), which is 5.4 times more than the 50,000 foreigners at the end of 2000. As of 2014, the total number of foreigners, including naturalized Korean citizens, is 415,000, according to the Ministry of Government Administration and Home Affairs.Chinese and ethnic Koreans from China account for 72.3 percent of all foreigners, followed by Americans at 3.5 percent, Taiwanese at 3.3 percent, and Japanese at 3.1 percent.The proportion of Korean Chinese (such as ethnic Koreans) has decreased by 6.5 percentage points, dropping from 60.1 percent in 2006 to 53.6 percent in 2015. On the other hand, the proportion of Chinese (including Han Chinese) has increased by 10.6 percentage points, rising from 8.1 percent in 2006 to 18.7 percent in 2015.The number of foreign nationals from OECD countries (22 out of 34 countries) was recorded at 29,000, accounting for 10.7 percent of all foreigners and showing a drop of 9.0 percentage points from 19.7 percent in 2004.As for the number of foreign residents by district, the proportion of Chinese (including ethnic Koreans) is the highest in Yeongdeungpo-gu, while most Americans and Japanese are in Yongsan-gu, and Taiwanese in Seodaemun-gu.By neighborhood, most Korean Chinese reside in Daerim 2-dong and Guro 2-dong Chinese in Hwayang-dong and Hyehwa-dong Americans in Hangangno-dong and Yongsan 2ga-dong Taiwanese in Yeonhui-dong and Yeonnam-dong and Japanese in Ichon 1-dong and Hangangno-dong.  View Seoul Statistics Page:
Winy Maas is the founder and chief architect of MVRDV, a global architecture and urban planning company known for projects such as the Netherlands Pavilion at the 2000 Hanover Expo and Grand Paris Plus Petit, which depicts the companys vision of Paris in 2030.Built 45 years ago, the Seoul Station Overpass has served Seoul citizens for almost half a century. However, due to its deteriorating condition, the Seoul Metropolitan Government decided to renew it, announcing the Seoul Station 7017 Project on January 29, 2015. 7017 is a term that incorporates several numerical characteristics of the overpass from three different perspectives:  its construction in 1970 and expected rebirth in 2017  its service as a road for vehicular traffic from 1970 and eventual conversion to 17 pedestrian paths and  its construction in 1970 as a 17-meter-high overpass. Seoul Station Overpass designed in the shape of a massive tree with lines of street lamps depicting its branches, naturally linking the 17 pedestrian pathsThe prize-winning work depicts the Seoul Station Overpass as a massive tree in the skygarden, creating a library-like collection of local plants arranged according to their names in the Korean alphabet, from Toegye-ro to Jungnim-dong. Street lamps will line the overpass like tree branches, organically linking the 17 pedestrian pathways that the Seoul Metropolitan Government requested be built.The futuristic and innovative characteristics of the prize-winning design received high praise, as its vision and strategy focuses on turning a concrete structure into a place of vitality and life, using nature as a medium. Moreover, the judges widely supported the design as it permits the extension of the green areas around Seoul Station and places great importance on the collaborative process of the renewal project, allowing various citizens and agents to be actively involved.Considering the poor condition of the deteriorating overpass and the characteristics of the surrounding areas, the Seoul Metropolitan Government organized this international competition and invited seven architects and landscapers, from Korea and abroad, whose expertise lie in integrating architecture, landscaping, and structure, as well as the restoration of modern industrial heritage. The evaluation criteria focused on:  the discovery and interpretation of the space  linkages with the surrounding areas  preservation and restructuring of the overpass and  related programs.Second prize went to the design Seoul-Yeok-Goga: Walkway for All by Jo Seong-ryong, while third prize went to Jo Min-seok for his design Continuous Landmark: Unified Hyper-Collage City. Among the other competitors, Juan Herreros (Spain) submitted Seoul Evergreen Terrace, and Martin Rein-Cano (Germany) submitted Skyway. In addition, Chang Yung Ho (China) and Jin Yang-gyo (Korea) also participated in the competition. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will outline the details of the prize-winning design through briefing sessions for local residents and meetings with experts in related fields. It also plans to negotiate details with Winy Maas regarding the scope of the design and sign a contract by the end of June 2015. Showcased at the lobby of City Hall from May 8 to June 1, design to be specified at a later date through briefing sessions for residentsThe Seoul Metropolitan Government will showcase all seven designs for the Seoul Station Overpass, including the prize-winning work, at the lobby of City Hall from May 18 to June 1.In addition, the designs will be exhibited at Gangnam Station, Seoul Station, Hongik University Station, and Gwanghwamun Square between May 20 and 27, as well as at Yongsan-gu Office and Mapo-gu Office between May 28 and June 17.The designs will also be posted on the official website of the Seoul Metropolitan Government (http://www.seoul.go.kr) and the competition website (www.ss7017.org). The Seoul Metropolitan Government is planning to publish a booklet of all seven designs and distribute them to related interest groups, including the Seoul Metropolitan Council, Citizens Committee, community centers in 3 districts (Cheongpa-dong, Gongdeok-dong, Jungnim-dong, and Hoehyeon-dong), and the Namdaemun Merchants Association.
Through open auditions held in April 2015, a total of 100 Street Performance Teams were selected to put on a variety of performances, including singing, instrumental music, magic, and traditional Korean music, at over 100 Street Performance Zones from May 16 to November.The Street Performance Zones will be open from 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. on the weekends at a number of different places throughout the city, such as squares, plazas, parks, traditional markets, and pedestrian streets, including Deoksugung Palace Stone-Wall Road. Depending on the venue, performances will also be held on weekdays at lunchtime and in the evenings. In particular, performances will add some vitality to about 40 traditional markets, including Mangwon Market and Tongin Market, and popular tourist attractions, such as Star Square at the Buk Seoul Museum of Art, Deoksugung Daehanmun Gate and Stone-Wall Road, and Sejong-daero Pedestrian Street, with cartoon streets being run as special zones. In addition, performances will be held at Ogeumgyo Open Stage at Anyangcheon (Stream), Noksapyeong Station Plaza in Itaewon, and Paris Neighborhood Park, offering people more opportunities to enjoy art and performances in their day-to-day lives. Street Performance Zone Performance Schedule: http://www.seoulopenstage.kr
This year marks the fourth anniversary of Farmers Markets in Seoul. In 2015, about 340 markets will be held in a wide variety of locations around Seoul, including five urban parks, seven Hangang Parks, and three downtown areas.Through the Farmers Markets, the Seoul Metropolitan Government hopes to provide regular opportunities for farmers to sell their goods, and for consumers in the city to purchase fresh, affordable, and reliable produce.Regular Farmers Markets will be held at Eunpyeong-gus Seoul Innovation Park on the first weekend of every month, Gangnam-gus Maru Park on the second weekend, Dongjak-gus Boramae Park on the third weekend, and in Gangbuk-gus Dream Forest on the fourth weekend. In particular, Gwanghwamun Square will host a farmers market every Sunday.Over 200 types of specialty produce from 67 cities and districts, including 18 local governments that have signed MOUs with Seoul Metropolitan Government, such as Wando-gun and Suwon City, will be available for purchase at prices ranging from 10 to 30 percent lower than their market prices. Particularly, the agricultural and fishery products available at the farmers markets have been produced by a select number of carefully chosen producers in various cities and districts. Therefore, customers can rest assured that they are purchasing produce with guaranteed quality.Diverse performances, experiential classes related to urban farming, and cultural events will be held at the markets as well, including a platform matching small-scale producers with consumers, fermented foods made by farmers, Grandmas eco-friendly, herbicide-free garden, and events related to the Eat Good Food movement. Farmers markets will be held at the Hangang Parks in Ttukseom and Jamsil every weekend, and every two weeks at the Hangang Parks in Yeouido, Banpo, Yanghwa, Mangwon, and Ichon. Fresh produce from regions outside Seoul along the Hangang (River), such as Yangpyeong-gun and Gwangju City, will be available for purchase at these markets.Organic produce and food from regional living cooperative associations will also be available, highlighting urban farmers and their produce. Of particular interest, the markets will feature professional chefs, who will be using the produce sold there as ingredients in a variety of delicious dishes, providing a chance for consumers to taste the goods before making their purchases.
How do artists view Seouls environment and future? Take a look at the work of the winners of the 20th Seoul Environment Art Competition.The theme of this years competition was Energy Efficient City, Seoul. A total of 1,037 works were submitted and 77 were selected as winners in four categories: 11 in photography, 48 in posters, 10 in illustrations, and 8 in UCC (User Created Contents).
The Yeouido Floating Stage, located along the banks of the Hangang River, is now in full operation for May, which is designated as National Family Month. Starting at 7 p.m. every Wednesday, Saturday, and Sunday, visitors are treated to an hour of beautiful harmonies at the Yeouido Floating Stage, so lets all make plans for a cultural outing this week!The Refreshing Hangang Concerts will be held at the Yeouido Floating Stage from 7 to 8 p.m. every Wednesday, Saturday, and Sunday, free of charge.  The Refreshing Hangang Concerts are free and open to the public. From May to October, the concerts will feature performances of various genres, including jazz, pop, and fusion Korean traditional music. Situated on the Hangang River, the Yeouido Floating Stage is a unique performance venue, where the audience has the choice to sit directly in front of the stage or on the stone steps across from the stage and watch the performances.  In the event of light rain, the dome of the floating stage will be closed, and performances held indoors, although on a smaller scale. In the event of heavy rain, performances will be either canceled or delayed for safety reasons. Any changes to performance schedules will be announced on the website (http://hangang.seoul.go.kr) or SNS of the Hangang Project Headquarters. The weekly schedule for the Refreshing Hangang Concerts, which will flood the park with the sounds of beautiful music, is as follows: Wednesday Jazz Night: Every Wednesday, head on over to Hangang Park for romantic Jazz Night performances by musicians that are sure to charm you with their romantic jazz music. The performance schedule for May is: May 6  Uncle Becks May 13  Lee Han-jin Band May 20  Yu Dong-in Quartet and May 27  La Isla Bonita. Saturday Waterlight Concert: Every Saturday night, the Refreshing Hangang Concerts will showcase a variety of musical performances for families and friends to enjoy at Hangang Park. The performance schedule is as follows: May 9  Vocal group Jang Deok-cheol May 16  Kim Su-jeong Band May 23  Singer-songwriter Shin Jeong-mok and May 30  Ilgyocha (Daily Range). Sunday Traditional Korean Music Performance: Every Sunday, a traditional Korean music performance will be held at Yeouido Hangang Park, where talented artists will fill the stage with fusion Korean traditional music using a variety of musical instruments and rhythms. These artists are: May 10  Areumdeuri May 17  The Narin May 24  Yeoubi and May 31  Onda. Directions to Yeouido Floating Stage: Get off at Yeouinaru Station on Subway Line 5, take Exit 2, and walk toward Mapodaegyo (Bridge). For drivers, parking spaces are available at the Hangang Park Parking Lot across from Yeouido Full Gospel Church. 
( Parking fee: Parking fee must be paid on weekdays free of charge on weekends and holidays) All performances are free of charge. Official Website: http://www.floating-stage.com, Contact: 070-4310-0922 / 02-3780-079 Yeouido Hangang Park: 
Seven fountains in the Hangang Parks will be in operation from May 1 to October 31. In addition to the Banpo Bridge Moonlight Rainbow Fountain and Yeouido Park Floating Fountain, which have been in operation since April 1, three fountains (Ttukseom Park Music Fountain, Cascade Fountain, and Nanji Park Mirror Fountain) will begin operation in May, and two fountains (Ttukseom Park Water Screen and Nanji Park Swimming Pool Fountain) will be open from July. The operation of these fountains depends on the characteristics of the fountains as well as the citys energy conservation efforts, and also varies by season and weekday/holiday. The hours of operation vary accordingly. The Hangang Park fountains are closed for cleaning and regular inspections on Mondays the Yeouido Cascade Fountain is closed on Mondays and Fridays and the Banpo Bridge Moonlight Rainbow Fountain operates daily.Ttukseom Park Music Fountain is an in-ground musical fountain located in the open expanse of a riverside plaza. Since the musical fountain is easily accessible by the public and provides a safe place for children to play and their parents or guardians to rest, it has become incredibly popular. It is a great place to visit as part of a trip to the many surrounding green areas. In particular, the Ttukseom Water Screen offers a rare opportunity for people to watch animated films and other videos on a screen of water and enjoy spectacular musical fountain shows. Ttukseom Hangang Park: http://english.seoul.go.kr/life-information/natural-attractions/hangang/3-ttukseom/Moonlight Rainbow Fountain is the worlds longest bridge fountain, spanning a distance of 1,140 meters, leading it to be registered in the Guinness Book of World Records on November 17, 2008. Its dazzling fountain shows with background music and colorful lights accentuate the beautiful night view of the Hangang River. Thanks to the vibrant feast of colorful lights and fantastic night performances, it has become a favored attraction for photographers. Moreover, it has gained popularity overseas by being featured in a number of Korean films and television dramas, such as Boys over Flowers and Iris. Banpo Hangang Park: http://english.seoul.go.kr/life-information/natural-attractions/hangang/6-banpo/Floating Fountain at Yeouido Hangang Park, installed alongside the worlds first floating performance stage, showcases multimedia content combined with musical fountains and LED lights. There are often large numbers of passersby stopping to watch the shows here. The Cascade Fountain, located next to the Floating Fountain, both visualizes and auralizes the flow of water using the geological drop. It is also a popular place for family picnics, owing to the great scenery of the Hangang River and the variety of performances and cultural events.  Yeouido Hangang Park: http://english.seoul.go.kr/life-information/natural-attractions/hangang/8-yeouido/Mirror Fountain in Nanji Park is a 12,300-square-meter in-ground fountain and a great place to visit as part of a trip to the nearby Silver Grass Field in Haneul Park or the World Cup Stadium. The visual scenery and attractions of this place are enjoyed by Koreans and foreigner visitors alike. In particular, the Swimming Pool Fountain at Nanji Park is renowned for its vibrant dancing streams of water, and is particularly favored by families with children, as they can enjoy the fountain while swimming in the public pool.  Nanji Hangang Park: http://english.seoul.go.kr/life-information/natural-attractions/hangang/9-nanji/
In 2014, the Internet usage rate of Seoul citizens was 86.2 percent, which represents an increase of nearly 5.6 percentage points over the past five years. Seoul citizens are estimated to use the Internet for about 1.9 hours a day. Furthermore, employment and communication activities through the Internet are increasing, whereas education and leisure activities are on the decline. In terms of communication, the use of instant messenger services is the highest (9.4 out of 10 people).Average number of hours spent using the Internet per week: 13.3 hoursAverage number of hours spent using the Internet per day: 1.9 hoursSource: Korea Internet and Security Agency, Survey on the Usage of Internet (2009, 2014) Note: This survey was conducted for 63,583 people nationwide the sample size in the Seoul metropolitan area was 7,200 people (2014) The Internet usage rate of Seoul Citizenswhich includes only citizens who used the Internet more than once a month increased from 80.6 percent (7.87 million users) in 2009 to 86.2 percent (8.4 million users) in 2014, an increase of 5.6 percentage points over the past five years.
"	In 2014, the average number of hours users were on the Internet per week was 13.3 hours (average of 1.9 hours per day), which represents a decline from the average of 14.7 hours in 2009 (average of 2.1 hours per day).In 2014, regarding the purposes of Internet use throughout the year, communications (e-mail, SNS) and access of/searches for data and information were the most common purpose at 94.5 percent, followed by leisure activities (75.5 percent), such as music, e-books, and online games, and financial transactions, such as Internet banking, stock trading, and shopping (65.3 percent) (multiple answers).Concerning communication activities through the Internet, the use of instant messenger services was the highest at 93.8 percent (9.4 out of 10 people), followed by e-mail (63.9 percent) and social networking services (58.3 percent) (multiple answers).	Instant messenger and social networking services were most often used via smartphones (96.4 percent and 93.9 percent, respectively), while e-mail was usually checked through desktop computers (86.7 percent). Source :  "
Seoul has been awarded the title of Global Earth Hour Capital 2015 by the Earth Hour City Challenge (EHCC), which is hosted by the World Wide Fund for Nature (WWF) in partnership with ICLEI  Local Governments for Sustainability. The Earth Hour City Challenge (EHCC) Awards was initially designed in an attempt to promote the achievements made by cities around the world to become climate-friendly, eco-friendly cities, and this year marks the third anniversary of the awards ceremony since its launch in 2013. From among cities that submit details of their efforts to become more eco-friendlyincluding pledges, activities, and carbon emission reduction achievementsto ICLEIs carbonn Climate Registry (cCR), a reporting platform for the initiative, winners are selected through a comprehensive, in-depth evaluation by an international jury of experts from the UN, international organizations, and international institutions. In 2014, Seoul was appointed as one of the National Earth Hour Capitals, and has now been awarded the title Global Earth Hour Capital for 2015, being recognized as the top eco-friendly city in the world. This year, 163 cities participated in the Earth Hour City Challenge, two times more than last year (66 cities). It was announced that the Seoul Metropolitan Government had successfully engaged Seoul citizens in addressing environmental issues through a myriad of initiatives, including One Less Nuclear Power Plant and Eco Mileage. As a rising megacity in Asia and a recognized leader in local climate action, the citys innovative thinking and strong initiative to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by increasing renewable energy use received high acclaim.Other National Earth Hour Capitals (15 countries) include: Paris, France Vancouver, Canada Jakarta, Indonesia City of Singapore, Singapore Belo Horizonte, Brazil Tshwane, South Africa Montera, Colombia Crdoba, Spain Lahti, Finland Thane, India Petaling Jaya, Malaysia Puebla, Mexico Gothenburg, Sweden Hatyai, Thailand and Evanston, USA. 
Mayor Park Won Soon has been elected as the new president of ICLEI-Local Governments for Sustainability, the worlds largest, leading network of over 1,200 cities and local governments from 87 countries committed to mitigating climate change and preserving the environment. On April 8, 2015, Mayor Park was voted as the next president at the ICLEI Global Executive Committee Meeting, held prior to the opening ceremony of the ICLEI World Congress.The ICLEI World Secretariat noted Mayor Park Won Soons special interest in, and philosophy of, environmental and ecological awareness and concern, as well as his career focus on enhancing the sustainability of local governments, as the major reasons for his election. In particular, the ICLEI World Secretariat expressed its strong appreciation for Mayor Parks diverse efforts and understanding of environmental friendliness since his election as president of the World Mayors Council on Climate Change (WMCCC) in 2012.For three years (2015-2018), Mayor Park will chair ICLEI board meetings and World Executive Committee meetings as the president of the ICLEI, and participate in high-level international events and major intergovernmental meetings, such as the UN General Assembly and UNFCCC COP. In addition, his duties will include discovering sustainable development plans and models for cities and local governments and coordinating collaboration among them. As the president of the ICLEI, Mayor Park will be in charge of presenting and sharing the achievements of the ICLEI World Congress at the UNFCCC COP in Paris in December, where the New Climate Regime (Post-2020) is expected to be launched. In his inaugural speech, Mayor Park proposed his three core visions and roles: 1) strengthening sharing, collaboration, and connection among cities and local governments around the world, 2) presenting urban greenhouse gas reduction goals and specific implementation methods to the international community, and 3) sharing Seouls brand image and expertise in sustainable development. Moreover, in his speech, Mayor Park remarked, Cities and local governments need to actively participate in the efforts to address climate change in order to respond to the rapidly changing environment and reverse the harmful effects of excessive industrial development. He then added, For the next three years, I will do my best to elicit participation from cities and local governments around the world to achieve our greenhouse gas reduction goals in the international climate regime (Post-2020). The ICLEI was founded at the World Congress of Local Governments for a Sustainable Future, held at the United Nations in 1990. Since then, as an official UN observer organization, the ICLEI has represented the interests of cities and local governments in the international community. Since becoming a member of the ICLEI in 1999, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has been actively participating in the ICLEIs activities, with the Vice Mayor of Seoul Metropolitan Government serving as a member of the ICLEI East Asia Regional Executive Committee. Made up of over 1,200 cities and local governments from 87 countries, the ICLEI is the worlds largest international network dedicated to protecting the environment and addressing climate change. Currently participating in the ICLEI are 51 cities and local governments, including 11 metropolitan municipalities, such as Seoul, Busan, Incheon, Gyeonggi, as well as 40 lower-level local governments. Read Park Won Soons Inaugural Speech as President of the ICLEI About the ICLEI 
This year, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide training for 540 foreign residents in Seoul, including many Chinese Koreans, so that they may support the overseas marketing activities of small- and medium-sized enterprises (SME) that are finding it difficult to maintain sufficient export levels. Chinese Koreans, foreign residents, and immigrants by marriage are often fluent in both Korean and their native languages, and are also familiar with the culture, common practices, and social characteristics of their home countries as well as those of Korea. Building on this, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will train these residents to become professional, reliable international trade specialists so that they may facilitate communication with locals of foreign countries, collect information on overseas markets, and explore potential business partners, thereby acting as messengers between foreign companies and Korean SMEs that are struggling due to a lack of personnel skilled in exports and marketing.Through this program, the Seoul Metropolitan Government expects that policies regarding support for foreigners will shift toward helping them grow together with Korean citizens and strengthen the economic sustainability of SMEs, which represents a departure from the traditional policy that focused on only helping them adapt to daily life by providing Korean language instruction and cultural exchange programs.From April to November 2015, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will conduct the Global Trade Professional Training Project for 540 foreign residents.This project consists of: (i) the Trade Academy, made up of five courses (ii) expert mentoring in specialized areas, after completion of the Trade Academy (iii) and an employment and business creation service, which liaises with the Seoul Global Center to offer trade internships and hold job fairs for foreign residents. Moreover, the project provides systematic support throughout each phase of development.First, the Trade Academy offers several courses, including the Introduction to Trade and Global Shopping Mall Creation courses, as well as an FTA specialist course and an advanced intensive course, which provide the students, in stages, with the theory and practical experience they need to engage in trade.To increase the efficiency and professionalism of the training, the Seoul Metropolitan Government established a cooperative network with external specialized institutions in relevant fields. As such, the curriculum of the Introduction to Trade course was developed by the Korea Trade Association the FTA specialist course was designed by the Seoul Main Customs Office of the Korea Customs Service and the Global Shopping Mall Creation course was set up by Caf 24, a private firm. Classes will be offered on weekdays, nights, and weekends, as most foreign residents are busy working or attending school. Tuition for the program is set at KRW 10,000 to 50,000, and if a student maintains an attendance rate of over 80 percent, he or she will receive a complete refund. All foreign residents who are interested in trade, have sufficient command of the Korean language to follow classes taught only in Korean, and possess the proper visa to stay in Korea may apply. Second, after students complete the Trade Academy, the expert mentoring system organizes them into specialized areas and designates businesspeople currently engaged in trade as mentors for each group. The groups then share market and product information through meetings, workshops, and forums, thereby allowing each student to find employment or start their own business. Finally, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will assist graduates of the program with their job search or business startup. In particular, capable foreigners aspiring to become an entrepreneur will be offered business incubation spaces at the Seoul Global Center or the Global Business Centers in the Gangnam or Yeouido areas, in the early stage of their business activities. Foreigners who wish to get a job will be recommended for internships or directed to foreign resident job fairs. For questions, call  02-6001-7241~2, 02-2075-4117 Website: Seoul Global Center (URL: global.seoul.go.kr)
The Forgotten Spaces Competition hosted by the Royal Institute of British Architects is an annual idea competition, in which entrants seek out abandoned places in London, such as subway stations, gas storage facilities, or culverts, in an attempt to redefine them by proposing ideas on how they could be developed in the future. Many architects, landscape architects, and artists participate in the competition every year.Benchmarking the UKs Forgotten Spaces Competition, the Seoul Metropolitan Government now asks Seoul citizens and experts to submit their ideas on how to transform neglected and underused spaces in Seoul, such as spaces underneath overpasses, empty spaces in subway stations, and pedestrian paths. Offering a total of KRW 20 million in prizes, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will hold a competition titled Creating a Space for Everyone: Competition for Citizens and Students 2012, and will be accepting applications and related materials from May 18 to 22.Entrants must seek out any public spaces that are underused, including: spaces underneath overpasses, open public spaces, pocket parks, old historic structures, or pedestrian paths that are open to the public.The competition is composed of two categories: Citizens Ideas and Students and Experts. Citizens Ideas: Any citizen is eligible to enter this category of the competition and may submit an explanation of their ideas with simple sketches or documents regarding similar cases in other cities or countries.
"Online submissions: http://mediahub.seoul.go.kr Students and Experts: Students and experts in urban, architecture, or design may submit their ideas with an explanation of the space they are interested in redefining, along with a specific plan to reuse the space, such as a concept or basic floor plan. Entrants must submit their applications in person at the new Seoul City Hall. After an evaluation, the winners will be announced in June. The first-prize winners will receive the Seoul Mayors Award and a cash prize (KRW 1 million for Citizens Ideas, KRW 5 million for Students and Experts). The winners will be announced at a special exhibition of the winning works.Examples of Reusing Public Spaces with Ideas from the CompetitionAldwych Station (Swimming Pool with Flowing Water)	 "
The ICLEI World Congress 2015 was held in Seoul from April 8 to 12. Over four days (April 8 to 11), more than 127,000 citizens participated in the sessions of the ICLEI World Congress held in Seoul Plaza and at the DDP, and visited the Climate Change Experience Exhibition. In addition, a total of 291 business talks were held between 114 Korean companies and 61 buyers from 26 countries. This years ICLEI World Congress was the largest ever, with participants from 204 cities in 87 countries (76 mayors, 26 vice mayors, and 102 delegations), as well as 190 foreign organizations. Also, along with the foreign cities, a total of 36 Korean cities, including Suwon and Changwon, participated in the Congress to stimulate the efforts to address climate change. Most importantly, the participants adopted the Seoul Declaration, which sets out nine urban agendas for cities to respond to climate change and spread the importance of the role of local governments and cities prior to the New Climate Regime, which will be launched in 2020. The Seoul Declaration will be a milestone for all cities in the world, based on which they will establish their own action plans to address climate change.  ICLEIs nine urban agendas include: 1) Low-carbon City and Greenhouse Gas Reduction 2) Resilient City 3) Resource-efficient and Productive City 4) EcoMobile City 5) Smart City 6) Biodiverse City 7) Happy, Healthy, and Inclusive Communities 8) Sustainable Local Economy and Procurement and 9) Sustainable City-Region Cooperation. Along with the achievements of cities participating in the Compact of Mayors, in terms of greenhouse gas reduction, the Seoul Declaration and Seoul Action Plan, which were adopted at this Congress, will be presented to the heads of states at the annual UNFCCC Conference of Parties in Paris in December. The Seoul Action Plan sets out concrete plans to strengthen the bonds between city networks, such as the ICLEI, C40, and UCLG, and for setting greenhouse gas reduction goals and measures to carry out and expand the Compact of Mayors. It also addresses the formulation of a climate change adaptation plan and support for capacity development. Supported by Michael Bloomberg (UN Secretary-Generals Special Envoy for Cities and Climate Change), UN-Habitat, and organizations related to the Compact of Mayors (ICLEI, C40, UCLG), the action plan aims to provide an important opportunity to take specific action toward reducing greenhouse gas emissions on a completely new level. In particular, Executive Director of UN-Habitat Joan Clos expressed that he was inspired by the fact that 830,000 Seoul citizens took part in Seouls commitment to address climate change. He then added that Seoul will become a role model for all cities around the world in terms of its efforts to address climate change. In addition, Ahmed Djoghlaf, the co-chair of UNFCCCs Ad Hoc Working Group on the Durban Platform for Enhanced Action, stated that the Seoul Declaration will become a great example of practical goals leading to plans and implementation at the Paris COP. He also promised to express the determination of all cities to implement the actions at the Paris COP and expressed his hope for Seoul as the presidential city of the ICLEI. Zhang Xinsheng, the president of the International Union for Conservation of Nature, remarked that Seoul is establishing itself as a global role model in terms of sustainable urban growth. He also emphasized the importance of cooperation in Northeast Asia and energy reform, and expressed that the central government as well as local governments, including Seoul Metropolitan Government, private companies, civic groups, and the press, must work together to change the fate of the Earth, which is facing a critical turning point. Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon was elected as the new president of the ICLEI, the largest network of cities in the world. He is the first Asian president of the organization, and as the president, he will chair related board meetings and global executive committee meetings and participate in major intergovernmental conferences and high-level international events, such as the UN General Assembly and UNFCCC COP, in order to foster the strength to address climate change.At the opening ceremony, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon remarked, We will strengthen the ICLEIs function as a platform for sharing Seouls successful, sustainable urban policies with other member cities and spread model examples of member cities to the rest of the world. He added, A cooperative network among cities is essential in resolving the problems that humanity now confronts, such as the depletion of resources, environmental pollution, and climate change.At the Consultation Fair for Environmental Projects to Address Climate Change, held at the Seoul Plaza Hotel, 114 Korean companies and 61 buyers from 26 countries discussed the export of goods and services. Hosted by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and KOTRA, the conference was held alongside the ICLEI World Congress to inform the world of Koreas outstanding eco-friendly products and green technology and to expand overseas markets. A total of 291 consultation sessions were held at the fair.  Major Participants (26 nations, 61 buyers) Southeast Asia and Oceania (14), Europe (12), China (9), Africa (8), CIS (6), Latin America (5), Southwest Asia (4), North America (1), Japan (1), Middle East (1) Participated by local governments and public organizations with projects to address climate change, as well as over 80 percent of global buyers with annual sales over USD 100 millionIn particular, many of the consulting participants were interested in wastewater treatment and waste treatment projects: wastewater treatment (34%), waste treatment (22%), wind energy (7%), etc. Also, a number of the participants received consultations regarding large-scale projects: a water environment improvement project in Hue, Vietnam (Water Resources and Environmental Development Project Management Bureau), valued at USD 224.5 million seven city landfill establishment projects in Tanzania valued at USD 17 million (and funded by the Prime Ministers Office and World Bank) and a wind power plant project in the southern Gobi region, Mongolia, valued at USD 115 million (Newcom Group).Five participating citiesJohannesburg, Montreal, San Rafael, Nantes, and Parisat the World Cities Summit Mayors Forum announced their action plans for greenhouse gas reduction, which are ideally suited to each citys particular circumstances. Through the ICLEI World Congress in Seoul, 36 additional cities, including Montreal, Paris, Vancouver, Vaxjo, Seberang Perai, Durban, Tshwane, and Melbourne, expressed their intention to commit to the Compact of Mayors.The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced its commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 40 percent (compared to 2005 levels) by 2030 (April 7). In order to achieve a reduction of 10 million tons in greenhouse gas emissions by 2020, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is currently running a campaign to secure a reduction of one ton of carbon dioxide per person. Also, on this day, Montreal became the first Canadian city to participate in the Compact of Mayors, and announced that it will use renewable energy to supply over 90 percent of its total energy needs. The city also announced a specific plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 30 percent by 2020, in order to restore air pollution levels to what they were in 1990. The World Cities Summit Mayors Forum is differentiated from the Compact of Mayors and Seoul Declaration, which are a declaration and a guideline, as it offers greenhouse gas reduction goals and methods for each city. This years Mayors Forum is expected to contribute to strengthening the Intended National Determined Contribution (INDCs) of each nation to the UNFCCC by having cities and local governments propose their own greenhouse gas reduction goals before reaching an agreement among nations. The World Cities Summit Mayors Forum plans to hold the forum regularly and accelerate action to address climate change on a local level through the Compact of Mayors for Post-2020 by eliciting participation from a greater number of cities.Along with Energy Guardian Angel Corps, as well as companies, citizens, and civic groups, over 70 mayors of cities around the world marched along the pedestrian street in the middle of Dongdaemun, shouting Stop CO2, Save the Earth!Seouls Pledge to Address Climate Change is a comprehensive strategy with 36 tasks in ten areas (energy, atmosphere, transportation, resources, water, ecology, urban agriculture, health, safety, and urban planning). The action plan to reduce greenhouse gas emissions was proposed by civil society, supplemented by Seoul researchers through online and offline surveys of citizens in all areas of society, and supported administratively by the Seoul Metropolitan Government.A total of 830,000 Seoul citizens promised to keep Seouls Pledge, which aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 10 million tons (to 25 percent of 2005 levels) by 2020, and 20 million tons (40 percent) by 2030. MOUs were divided into two categories: friendly cooperation and environment. Environmental MOUs were signed between Seoul and 11 cities in numerous countries, including the Philippines, Malaysia, and Colombia, in order to lay a foundation for the export of Seouls outstanding eco-friendly policies and technologies. The 11 cities that signed MOUs with Soul are:  Ruse, Bulgaria (waste energy)  Reikjavik, Iceland (vitalization of environmental policy, technology, and person-to-person exchange)  Freiburg, Germany (vitalization of environmental policy, technology, and person-to-person exchange)  Quezon City, Philippines (renewable energy, such as solar and wind)  Seberang Perai, Malaysia (waste disposal and waste energy recovery)  Johannesburg, South Africa (waste energy recovery)  Amman, Jordan (energy, air pollution, and waste)  Heidelberg, Germany (vitalization of environmental policy, technology, and person-to-person exchange)  Asuncion, Paraguay (exchange of environmental policy and technology)  Quito, Ecuador (waste disposal and waste energy recovery) and  Medellin, Colombia (waste energy recovery, energy dream center, etc.). Also, Seoul signed MOUs for friendly cooperation with Montreal, Canada, and Tshwane, South Africa, and an SOI (Statement of Intent) regarding the environment with Bristol, UK.Read the Seoul Declaration
2015 Seoul Templestay Week1. Event Overview Event: 2015 Seoul Templestay Week Program: Templestay experience program at Buddhist temples around Seoul during Tourism Week Slogan: Happiness of 10,000 Won () Templestay Period Application: 11am, April 17, 2015 (Fri)  5 pm, May 12 (Tue) Program: May 1, 2015 (Fri)  May 14 (Thu), 14 days Participating Temples: Nine temples in Seoul participating in the Templestay program Application for Participation: On the official Templestay website (http://eng.templestay.com/) Benefits for Participants Discount on Templestays (One-day Templestay for KRW 5,000, or Overnight (1 night, 2 days) Templestay for KRW 10,000) Seoul Templestay souvenir Chance to participate in the Happiness Concert with Venerable Haemin (Tentative date: June 5 / Location: TBA) Random selection of 800 people from among the participants of Templestay Week2. List of Participating Temples (9 Temples)
Hongneung, the birthplace of Korean technology and innovation and a center of the nations economic growth in the 1960s and 70s, will be transformed into a biomedical R&D hub in mutual cooperation with local residents. By rejuvenating the Hongneung Complex, the Seoul Metropolitan Government hopes to secure a new engine for balanced growth in northeastern Seoul as well as realize Seoul-style creative economy.Seoul Announces the Hongneung Research Complex Renewal and Revitalization Plan(Website : http://english.ddm.go.kr/eng)On April 1, the Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the Hongneung Research Complex Renewal and Revitalization Plan, which focuses on creating a biomedical R&D cluster, vitalizing the local economy through urban renewal, and sharing the benefits of the plan with local residents.After a number of discussions, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has confirmed the potential of Hongneung as a hub of biomedical R&D and plans to provide its full support. The biomedical industry is poised to become a new growth engine for Korea as demand is expected grow as the population changes, including the aging of the population and increasing number of people suffering from chronic diseases. In particular, two prominent general hospitals, basic research institutions such as KIST and KAIST, which specialize in basic research in biology and medical engineering, as well as the Korea Techno-Venture Foundation, which provides startups with incubation facilities, are all located in Hongneung. As such, it would be easy to create a network among hospitals, research centers, and universities in the area and maximize synergy among them in order to foster the biomedical industry.Establish a Biomedical R&D Hub through Phased ExpansionDot, Line, and AreaThrough the Hongneung Research Complex Renewal and Revitalization Plan, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to establish an R&D cluster in Hongneung in three phases: Dot (Biomedical R&D base), Line (Biomedical R&D street), and Area (Biomedical R&D cluster). The government hopes that this cluster will serve as a solid foundation for balanced growth in northeastern Seoul, thereby realizing a Seoul-style creative economy. Korea Rural Economic Institute to become the Biomedical R&D Base, Realizing Innovative and Open R&DFirst, the Korea Rural Economic Institute (KREI), which was acquired by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, will become the Biomedical R&D Base by 2016. It will serve as a space for R&D with a focus on openness and innovation. As such, the KREI will concentrate on providing R&D support for the transfer of translational research and technology, business management support for patents, venture capital, legal assistance, and accounting services, as well as on fostering professionals by offering education on IR (Investor Relations), technology transfer, and business startups.Companies that choose to set up shop in the KREI will receive support to grow into leading companies in the biomedical sector. Specifically, companies will be provided incentives for moving into the KREI, such as reduced rent and connections to Seoul-style R&D projects. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will also provide practical assistance, such as the shared use of research equipment and support for technology commercialization by signing MOUs regarding marketing companies, legal counselors, biomedical funds, and related research institutions. In the first half of 2016, the government will begin receiving applications from companies wishing to rent spaces in the KREI. Create an R&D Street along Hoegi-ro and Attract Outstanding Biomedical Companies and Foreign Research CentersStarting in 2017, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will begin building a Biomedical R&D Street along Hoegi-ro and actively attract outstanding companies and foreign research centers in related fields. At first, the government will begin with the available spaces in the KREI and gradually develop and expand the street from there. Moreover, in line with the central governments plan to build a Global Creative-Knowledge Science Culture Complex, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will help the region develop into a creative economy hub. Create a Biomedical Cluster by Establishing a Network between KIST, KAIST, Korea University Hospital, and Kyung Hee University HospitalFinally, by establishing a network between KIST, KAIST, Korea University Hospital, and Kyung Hee University Hospital in the long term, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to create a biomedical cluster where industry, education, technology, and personnel can all come together. The government will support the Hongneung Research Complex so that it may work with universities and hospitals to advance basic research technology, carry out clinical trials, and commercialize processes and products, thereby creating a virtuous cycle within the biomedical R&D sector. Details regarding the phases of the plan will be specified by the government through discussions with related organizations and expert counseling sessions.Promote Coexistence with the Local Community by Offering Space for Local Residents and Increasing AccessibilityFurthermore, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will work to ensure that the Hongneung research complex grows together with the local community through its plan to designate some spaces in the KREI for use by the local community, increase public access to Hongneung Forest, and focus on urban renewal in the surrounding areas. To this end, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to hold town hall meetings and public hearings in the first half of this year to gather public opinion and come to an agreement regarding the development of the area with the local community.
About 74.4 percent of students in Seoul receive private education, with the average monthly spending on private education per student reaching approximately KRW 335,000.The participation rate in private education in the area of general studies, including Korean, English, and mathematics, is showing a clear downward trend, while the participation rate in art, music, and physical education has declined slightly.
It has been six months since the implementation of the Seoul Metropolitan Governments public sector innovation measures, the so-called Park Won Soon Act, which stipulates that public officials who receive even a mere KRW 1,000 beyond their regular compensation or work-related expenses should be punished.
In August 2014, the Seoul Metropolitan Government Public Sector Innovation Measures (a.k.a. the Park Won Soon Act) were announced, and the Seoul City Public Officials Code of Conduct and Disciplinary Rules were revised the following October. In March 2015, the city government set up a specific action plan to put the Park Won Soon Act in place.
About 73% of citizens answered that It will have a positive impact on raising the reliability of citizens, while around 81% responded that It has improved the level of integrity in the public sector.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government conducted a telephone survey (March 22~23) of 1,000 citizens, with nearly 73.1% answering that It will have a positive impact on raising the reliability of citizens towards the public sector, while approximately 81.7% responded that It has improved the level of integrity in the public sector.
The number of crimes committed by public officials dropped about 1/7 of the previous number, and cases of corruption and irregularities committed by pubic officials reported through hotlines increased more than ten-fold.
For the past six months, the number of crimes committed by public officials  acts in violation of the code of conduct set for Seoul City officials  dropped about 1/7 of the previous number (35 cases  5 cases), demonstrating that the harsh measure aimed at eradicating corruption and irregularities has led to a tangible reduction in the actual crime rate.
According to a survey conducted of 1,933 Seoul City officials this month, about 82.3% responded that It has improved the level of integrity, and approximately 81.3% answered that Tension among Seoul City officials is higher than ever after the launch of the Park Won Soon Act.
Also, the extent to which citizens pay attention and monitor corruption and irregularities in the public sector has increased. The Seoul Metropolitan Government has established the Park Won Soon Hotline (September 30, 2014) to make it more convenient for citizens to report corruption, and the number of cases reported increased more than ten-fold (38 cases  384 cases).
The Park Won Soon Act regularly benchmarked by the South Korean government, local governments, and foreign public institutions. As the Chinese government has recently taken steps to curb corruption and irregularities in the public sector, a wide range of public institutions from China, including the Tianjin Commission for Discipline Inspection  (September 23, 2014), the Zhejiang Discipline Inspection Commission (October 16, 2014), and the Shandong Provincial Audit Office (March 13, 2015), sent representatives to benchmark the anti-corruption measures set up by the Seoul Metropolitan Government.
On March 31, six months after the implementation of the Park Won Soon Act, the Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the performance and future directions of the Act, and unveiled its plan to promote the ethical standards of the public sector, in order to meet the expectations of Seoul citizens, and consistently expand its anti-corruption efforts through the Park Won Soon Act.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will strive to further raise the performance of the Park Won Soon Act while improving the system by asking the Korean government to revise related legislation. It also aims to lower the limitations of the Park Won Soon Act and implement the Act by promoting active, voluntary citizen participation.
Click here to visit the Seoul Citizens Hall website.About 150 pieces designed by Riccardo Dalisi, an Italian designer globally recognized for transforming discarded items, including glasses, cans, and metals, into artistic craftworks, will be displayed at the Seoul Citizens Hall for the first time in Korea. In 1981, Riccardo Dalisi received the Compasso dOro, an industrial design award originating in Italy.  The majority of his artworks were created together with kids and job-seekers who had once been his students. In this exhibition of his works, the viewers will have an opportunity to recognize both the artistic qualities and importance of our planets ecosystem and natural environment by appreciating how these discarded objects have been instilled with new vitality. 
Pucca, an animated character popular among people of all ages and genders, will introduce the policies of the city government through the Together Seoul Exhibition while also conducting a variety of activities, such as photo shoots with key policies in the background, an exhibition of citizens stories related to city policies, and drawing postcards of Pucca. With such diverse and entertaining events, and by presenting important policy information in a highly accessible way, this exhibition is expected to bring enjoyment to kids as well as adults. 
By making it easy to buy and sell second-hand goods among neighbors, Green Markets are places that promote the creation of a culture of sharing in local communities. Following in the footsteps of the Gwanghwamun Hope Sharing Flea Market, which is now Seouls largest seven-day marketattracting some 740,000 visitors in 2014 aloneand the Ttukseom Beautiful Flea Market, about 300 Green Markets, where secondhand goods can be bought and sold, will begin opening in April this year. <Period and Time by Market>For more details, go to www.fleamarket.seoul.go.kr
Mayors (66 cities), deputy mayors (13 cities), and delegations (85 cities) from a total of 164 member cities have registered for the ICLEI World Congress 2015 (as of March 11). The ICLEI World Congress 2015 will be held from April 8 to 12 at the Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP) and Seoul Plaza. Since its foundation in 1990, the ICLEI, a network of local governments committed to building a sustainable future, has been holding the International World Congress every three years at its member cities, with the ninth World Congress being held in Seoul this year.At this years World Congress in Seoul, over 2,000 people will gather to discuss sustainable development on a global level. It will be a significant meeting, as the results of the Congress will be proposed at the UNFCCC (UN Framework Convention on Climate Change) in December in an effort to achieve a universal and practical turning point in sustainable development. Numerous world-renowned, advanced green cities have already confirmed their participation in the World Congress, including: Copenhagen, Denmark, selected as the European Green Capital 2014 Freiburg, Germany, a global role model for Green Cities Bristol, UK, the best eco-city in the UK in 2008 Vaxjo, Sweden, the recipient of the Sustainable Energy Award from the European Commission and the Best Environmental Practice in Baltic Cities Award in 2007. These advanced green cities have implemented a variety of environmental policies under the keyword alternative energy to reduce carbon dioxide emissions, as well as green buildings, bicycle-friendly, recycling, and cooperation between citizens and the city assembly. Korea, as well as other nations, should take note of some of these policies. 2015 ICLEI  
This spring, when the warm spring breeze drifts down from the mountains and through the fields, the Seoul Metropolitan Government introduced Seouls 150 Spring Flower Paths to encourage citizens to get out and take a stroll. This years 150 Spring Flower Paths, selected by the Seoul Metropolitan Government, includes paths in small and large parks in the city, roadside paths, riverside paths, and even alleyways.
    The total length of these paths is 217.04 kilometers.  63 (Yeongdeungpo-gu Yeouidong-ro and Yeouiseo-ro, Gwangjin-gu Walkerhill-gil, Geumcheon-gu Beotkkot-ro, etc.)  33 (Hangang River, Jungnangcheon Stream, Seongbukcheon Stream, Anyangcheon Stream, Cheonggyecheon Stream, Yangjaecheon Stream, etc.)  6 (Gangbuk Uicheon Streamside Green Zone, Yangjae-daero Green Zone, etc.)  6 (Gangbuk Uicheon Streamside Green Zone, Yangjae-daero Green Zone, etc.)  There are 12 new paths this year thanks to the effort of residents and related organizations, who planted and tended flowers and trees over the past year.  For instance, cherry trees were planted along Saechang-ro in Yongsan-gu, creating fantastic scenery, and beautiful azaleas now line Achasan Dulle-gil in Gwangjin-gu. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will be implementing a new plan to relieve overcrowding on the subway. The new plan is a preparatory measure in anticipation of the conflict caused by the reduced service frequency of subway trains while the number of passengers continues to increase. The results of test operations for the second section of Subway Line 9, conducted in February, show that while the average daily number of passengers on Line 9 has increased by 2,748, the number of subway train runs has decreased by 60 runs. For the GaehwaSinnonhyeon section, 25.1% of the days passengers are concentrated in the morning rush hour (7~9 am), resulting in a degree of overcrowding that rises as high as 240 percent.Seoul City has identified the following reasons for the overcrowding: the fact that the subway line travels from residential areas (Gangseo, Yangcheon) to business districts (Yeouido, Gangnam), a preference for express trains during the morning rush hour, a higher number of commuters than predicted, and the lack of adequate alternative means of public transportation.In response, Seoul Metropolitan Government announced a three-part plan on March 4 to address the issue of overcrowding on Subway Line 9:  increase the number of subway trains,  disperse passengers and increase the carrying capacity during the morning rush hour, and increased promotion of transportation policies to citizens. Plan to increase the number of subway trains pushed up (70 trains to be added by 2017), with 20 trains to be added by September 2016The most crucial aspect of the citys plan to ease overcrowding is pushing up the point at which new subway trains are added to the system. Contrary to the original plan to increase the number of subway trains in 2018, 70 new trains will be added by 2017. Of these 70 trains, 20 will be added in September 2016, with the remaining 50 to be gradually added until December 2017. In this way, the total number of cars for Subway Line 9 will have increased from 144 to 214 by late 2017. The city is also considering whether to add an additional 80 cars for the opening of Line 9s third section (Jamsil Stadium~VHS Medical Center) in 2018. Absorb demand by adding standby trains during the morning rush hour, operate an express bus service from Gayang to Yeouido(Discontinue its operations on April 20)Seoul Metropolitan Government also announced an overcrowding relief strategy to be carried out during the early morning rush hour and which will remain valid until the number of trains is increased. The strategy involves adding one four-car standby train during the morning rush hour, operating an express bus (8663, yellow bus) from Gayang to Yeouido exclusively during the morning rush hour, posting signs that show the number of passengers per station during the morning rush hour, and introducing an early bird discount system (first train~06:30).With the addition of one standby train during the morning rush hour, the express train from Gimpo International Airport to Sinnonhyeon Station can make two more runs. The extra runs can accommodate 3,400 people (approximately 6% of the crowd volume) and are expected to reduce the crowding during rush hour. An express bus (8663) exclusively for the morning rush hour began operation on February 26. Traveling between Gayang and Yeouido, 15 buses now make three runs each for a total of 45 runs, which can accommodate approximately 18 percent (2,100) of the 11,000 commuters who travel from Gayang to Yeouido each morning. If passengers can be dispersed in this manner, the crowding of express trains in the Yeomchang-Dangsan-Yeouido section is expected to decrease. The bus fare is KRW 850. Signs showing the number of passengers per subway station will be posted at each station and updated at 30-minute intervals so that citizens can choose to avoid those time blocks with the most severe crowding. The early bird discount system will give those passengers using the subway from the first available train until 6:30 am a 20~30 percent discount, thereby dispersing the concentration of passengers during the crowded time blocks.  (Unit: No. of people) Increased number of safety agents, voluntary participation in crowd dispersal measures encouraged (e.g., increased promotion of dispersal measures to residents and companies near Line 9)Campaigns and announcements will be utilized to prevent accidents that may occur due to overcrowding on the subway and to ease overcrowding through voluntary efforts by citizens. The number of safety agents on duty will be increased from 54 to 60 during the morning rush hour, while a sticker that directs passengers to stand in four lines will be placed on the floor at each boarding point. The bulletins and intercom announcements warning against excessive or risky means of boarding a subway train will be increased.Also, for companies located in the Yeouido, Seocho-gu and Gangnam-gu areas which have at least 100 employees, if at least 30 percent of employees apply for the Flexible Work Hours program, a discount of up to 20 percent (one-time offer) for fees incurred due to traffic congestion is provided.
In the not-too-distant future, films that surpass Avatar will be produced in Seoul, and blockbusters like Iron Man and Transformers will be filmed on the streets of Seoul. Furthermore, filmmakers and screenwriters will be able to produce their films with systematic support and dream of being the second Park Chan-wook or Bong Joon-ho. A city where films are produced and screened every day, Seoul will be reborn as a major film-friendly city in Asia. Seoul announces its Comprehensive Plan for Film Culture Development, aiming to become a major film capital in Asia On March 25 (Wed), the Seoul Metropolitan Government announced its comprehensive plan to turn Seoul into a major Asian film capital, which includes establishing the Cinematheque in Chungmu-ro, building a film production studio, providing extensive support for struggling independent and art films, and creating a great city to make movies. Speaking about the new plan, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon remarked, By providing multifaceted support for Seouls abundant film material and human resources, we will create a foundation on which to build a promising film industry and balanced film industry ecosystem, thereby turning Seoul into a major film hub in Asia. 1.Film culture complex, Seoul Cinematheque to open in Chungmu-ro, Koreas film mecca, in 2018As a first step, Chungmu-ro, a symbolic place in the Korean film industry, will become home to Seoul Cinematheque, a film culture complex that will surpass the reputation of Paris Francaise, New Yorks Film Forum, and Taipeis Film House. With the construction of this complex, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to revive the tradition and reputation of Chungmu-ro. Slated for completion by 2018, the 5,000-square-meter Seoul Cinematheque will accommodate a Classic and Independent Film Theater, Film Museum, Film Media Center, Film Exhibition Hall, and the Film Archive, which is designed to store or browse film documents. 7,000-square-meter film production studio to be built, along with a public film set in the cityIn addition to the film culture complex, a 7,000-square-meter indoor studio specifically designated for film production and to serve as an urban film set will be built in Chungmu-ro, which will soon become home to renowned film institutions in Korea and from all across Asia. Through this plan, Seoul will become a major base for the development of hallyu (Korean Wave) content. The indoor studio, to be completed by 2018, will accommodate three studios with film sets (3,500m2) and an exhibition hall (3,500m2), thereby functioning as a production studio. Educational courses on film production, including master classes for filmmakers, will be offered at the studio, parts of which will also be used as exhibition and experience spaces for tourists who are spellbound by hallyu. This year, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to provide spaces in vacant buildings and schools to filmmakers as temporary film sets, and by 2017, it will create urban film sets that are regularly used in films but are difficult to secure as filming locations, such as police stations, courts, interview rooms, and hospitals. Moreover, a film cluster will be created in Sangam DMC, with a specially designated zone for filming. The purpose of the cluster is to create a foundation on which to strengthen the film industry. Through the cooperative network of the Seoul metropolitan area, including Seoul, Incheon, and Gyeonggi Province, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will also create a global filmmaking belt, connecting Goyang and Paju  Sangam and Yeouido  Incheon.2.Expand support for struggling independent and art films and provide comprehensive support for production, marketing, distribution, and screeningSecondly, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will concentrate on providing support for the production and regular screenings of independent, classic, and art films in the market, where only a few dominant companies and commercial films monopolize the major film theaters. The main goal is to provide a comprehensive system, including everything from production to the marketing, distribution, and screening of independent films, for any citizen who wishes to produce films.For the theaters dedicated to independent, classic, and art films, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will expand support from the current one to three by 2018. Moreover, public screenings, which were held in six different places over the last year, will be expanded to 12 this year by utilizing community cultural centers and libraries, with more screening to be held in the future. Support programs for the production of independent films will also be reorganized. Changing the existing phased-support system, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide full support for outstanding independent films, covering production, marketing, distribution, and screening. In addition, the number of grants for independent films set in Seoul will be gradually increased from 25 this year to 35 by 2018. 3.Seoul to become an ideal city for filmmaking, while Seoul Metropolitan Government-affiliated filmmakers provide support to secure filming locations in Seoul.Third, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will turn Seoul into an ideal city for filmmaking by creating the Seoul Location System and mobilizing personnel who are solely responsible for providing support and manpower for the filming of Korean and foreign films in Seoul. In New Zealand, where The Lord of the Rings was filmed, the average number of tourists per year increased by 5.6 percent, earning USD 3.8 billion in tourism income during the three years following the films release. Looking to this example, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has determined that movies filmed in Seoul will play a huge role in revitalizing tourism, pointing out that since the release of a Thai movie, Hello Stranger, which was filmed in Seoul, the number of Thai tourists to Korea has shot up by 36.5 percent (190,000 in 2009 to 260,000 in 2010). Building a cooperative network of public organizations, Film Support directors to provide comprehensive support and oversee the discovery and acquisition of film locationsThe Seoul Metropolitan Government will build a cooperative network with various public organizations, including the National Police Agency and Cultural Heritage Administration, so that Film Support directors affiliated with the Seoul Metropolitan Government can oversee the search for and acquisition of filming locations, instead of having the producers obtain permission from each location on their own. In addition, the city government is also looking for ways to maximize the economic benefits of providing support for films by analyzing model cases both at home and abroad. In London, for example, more than 330 public and private organizations, including the City of London and 31 districts, Transport for London, the London Police Department, and private companies, founded Film London, providing a one-stop support system geared toward attracting filmmakers from other countries.4.Seoul to expand support for production and activities of capable film creators and establish a KRW 50 billion film fundFourth, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will focus on providing support for creative film personnel, such as directors, producers, and screenwriters, in anticipation of the rise of great filmmakers, such as, James Cameron and Christopher Nolan, in Korea. Currently, a large number of creative film personnel are working in less-than-perfect conditions. To remedy this, the support system aims to provide systematic support, such as work spaces and funding, so that these filmmakers can successfully attract investment and put their creations into production. One-stop support for film creation expanded from 18 to 30 films, funding per person also increased from KRW 8 million to 15 million The Seoul Metropolitan Government will increase its support for the Directors Zone (4,386m2) in Sangam, which is currently occupied by over 100 film industry personnel, on average, including 58 directors and producers, 42 screenwriters, and 12 small and medium film production companies. The number of films that will receive comprehensive support, from planning and development to production, will be increased from the 18 last year to 30 by 2018, and funding for planning and development will be expanded from the current KRW 8 million per person to KRW 15 million by 2018. Seoul to create KRW 50 billion film fund, invest in films from small and medium production companies to narrow the gap between production companies and produce outstanding films The Seoul Metropolitan Government will also create a film fund of KRW 50 billion (KRW 20 billion investment from Seoul and KRW 30 billion from private investors) by 2017 in order to revitalize investment in competitive, low-budget and independent films. The funds will be invested in films produced by small- and medium-sized production companies and international joint productions. Furthermore, a set amount of the fund will be earmarked for independent and low-budget films in order to help create a fair environment where low-budget and independent film producers can produce competitive films that hold their own against those of major players.Provide spaces for one-person creative companies, attract investment from small and medium investors, and increase incentives for movies filmed in SeoulThe Seoul Metropolitan Government also strives to increase film production. To this end, the government will provide spaces, as well as sustained and stable support, for small production companies with less than three employees in order to help them create films and attract investment from all around the world. It will also arrange connections between production companies and investors, such as small and medium investors as well as personal and social funds. In addition, by attracting foreign filmmakers to film in Seoul, the Seoul Metropolitan Government hopes to enhance Koreas national brand and create tangible economic benefits. At the same time, the government will expand its production support for Korean films and offer a number of incentive programs to provide funding for labor costs, filming equipment rental, film sets, and studios as well. Images Related to Seouls Comprehensive Plan for Film Culture DevelopmentSupport for Filming in Seoul  Hangangdaegyo Bridge (Film The Suspect) Regular Screening of Independent Films at the Chungmuro Media Center Good Film Screening (Outdoor Film Event)Support for Independent Film ProductionSupport for Foreign Productions Filming in Seoul (Forever Young)Site of Cinematheque, near Chungmu-ro (Cho-dong, Jung-gu)
On April 8, the ICLEI World Congress 2015 will get underway, providing over 2,000 people, including delegations from countries around the world as well as international organizations and NGOs, with opportunities to exchange and share knowledge and discuss the role that cities play in sustainable development on a global level. On March 10, the Seoul Metropolitan Government announced its plans for the ICLEI World Congress 2015 and held a ceremony to appoint Julian Quintart (Belgium) and Robin Deiana (France) as honorary ambassadors for the Congress at Seoul City Halls Taepyeong Hall. At the ceremony, a video clip was played showing Quintart (Belgium) and Deiana (France) introducing the success of past sessions of the ICLEI World Congress, the variety of programs in which citizens may participate, and the Climate Change Exhibition.Through this press conference, we hope to spread the word about the ICLEI World Congress 2015 before the opening day arrives, explained Seoul Mayor Park Work Soon, and added, I hope that many people will show their interest and participate in the Congress.The ICLEI World Congress 2015 will be held from April 8 to 12 in Seoul, with most events being held at the DDP and Seoul Plaza.Founded in 1990 as the International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives, the ICLEI is an international association of regional governments around the world that have made a commitment to the future sustainability of cities. The ICLEIs International World Congress takes place every three years in member cities, and the ICLEI World Congress in Seoul will be the ninth session of the Congress, held on the 25th anniversary of the founding of the association.About 2,000 participants, including mayors of cities around the world and heads of international organizations and NGOs, will gather at the ICLEI World Congress to discuss sustainable development on a global level. This Congress will be significant step toward establishing a practical turning point for the world, as the results of the Congress will be proposed at the UNFCCC (United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change) COP 21, which will be held in December.2015 ICLEI World Congress: http://worldcongress2015.iclei.org/ko/
Which area had the most rentals of monthly or yearly apartments? How can you find the main bicycle routes taken by citizens riding to work? Which area needs more Safe Havens for Women?The Seoul Metropolitan Government created a total of 311 Seoul Policy Maps, which cover areas closely related to the livelihood of Seouls citizens, including real estate, safety, jobs, and the environment. The maps were made available online via the Smart Seoul Map mobile application and on the Seoul Map website (http://gis.seoul.go.kr) on March 10.The Seoul Policy Maps are collections of spatial big dataa combination of a variety of basic administrative data and GIS (geographic information system). The maps contain extensive data sets that have been analyzed from many different angles and visualized on-screen.A total of 311 Seoul Policy Maps have been released to the public and organized under 15 themes and four policy goals: Safe Seoul (safety and relief), Hospitable Seoul (welfare and housing), Dreaming Seoul (economy and jobs), and Breathing Seoul (environment and transportation).The maps visualize information that has been extracted from big data, consisting of about 76.8 million documents from 87 surveys in 24 categories, including Seouls census, public facilities, real estate transactions, and census on establishments..The policy maps show the current status of various services and infrastructure at a glance function as baseline data on which to determine the directions of important policies, such as identifying areas with high demand or places that require priority policy and serve as data with which to carry out assessments that objectively and visually analyze policy effects.As the status of areas before and after the implementation of policies is so easy to see on these policy maps, as well as on indices, citizens are able to easily understand and talk about the effects of implemented policies.In addition to the policy maps, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has made all of the baseline data and analysis results available to the public. Citizens can download policy map files in PDF format for use as statistical data and form new opinions or conclusions by analyzing the maps in connection with other information or data sets. Furthermore, the open policy maps contain a wide range of relevant information, such as introductions, analysis methodologies, and explanations, to make it fun for citizens to examine the maps and easier for them to understand the major policies implemented by the Seoul Metropolitan Government.Examples of Policy Maps
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has finally decided to transform the 10.33-kilometer section of the Seobu Expressway between Seongsandaegyo (Bridge) (Yangpyeong-dong, Yeongdeungpo-gu) and Geumcheon I.C. (Doksan-dong, Guro-gu) into a four-lane underground tunnel.
Signing an agreement on March 11, 2015, the city government has designated SeoSeoul City Expressway Company as a BTO service provider. The underground tunnel will be a 10.33-kilometer, four-lane highway that stretches from the southern part of Seongsan Bridge to Geumcheon I.C., which is connected to Seohaean Expressway. The underground tunnel project aims to improve the highway conditions both inside and outside of downtown Seoul and relieve a chronically congested section of Seobu Expressway, a major arterial road in southwestern Seoul. Construction is slated to begin in August 2015 and is expected to be completed by 2020.
When the underground tunnel is completed, 50,000 vehicles a day will pass through it, reducing the traffic congestion at ground level. And the Seobu Expressway at ground level will be turned into a regular road, and an eco-friendly area that links with Anyangcheon (Stream) will be created.Furthermore, when the expressway at ground level finally becomes a regular road, most of the crossroads, which are currently used as interchanges, will be changed into intersections with traffic lights and crosswalks, providing citizens with convenient access to Anyangcheon Park. As the side roads of Seobu Expressway will become unnecessary, the remaining area will be landscaped to create parks or recreational areas for the community.   Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon said, When the underground tunnel is built, vehicles will be diverted to the underground road, easing the traffic jams on the Seobu Expressway while greatly improving the living conditions of southwestern Seoul. Overview<Aerial View of the Current and Projected Status of the Areas Surrounding the Seobu Expressway (Draft)> Yangpyeong Reservoir, Yeongdeungpo-gu
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has revamped the website Good Signboards in Seoul in an effort to lead the promotion of good advertising and spread exemplary advertisement materials.Using works that received awards in a public contest, 20 sample signboard designs were produced, and the Download Award-Winning Works menu was created on the website in order to facilitate the free distribution of the designs.In addition, improvements were made to the Experience menu, which takes visitors to a virtual space where they can design signboards to put up on buildings. Furthermore, the appearance of the website was enhanced by using designs containing dynamic and diverse colors.Visit the Good Signboards in Seoul Website: http://goodsign.seoul.go.kr
From April 2015, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will do away with the Monday holiday schedule for Seoul Citizens Hall, thereby operating the facility every day, excluding January 1, Lunar New Years Day, and Chuseok Holiday. Since its opening in January 2013, Seoul Citizens Hall has been visited by an average of 5,063 visitors a day, accumulating a total of 3.2 million visitors over the past two years, from January 2013 to January 2015. Citizens satisfaction rate regarding Seoul Citizens Hall was reported to be 94.2 percent, indicating that it has consolidated its presence as a major public facility that hosts various enjoyable activities for citizens.  Operating Hours: 09:00 ~ 21:00 every day (excluding January 1, Lunar New Years Day, and Chuseok Holiday)The city government also plans to promote its new schedule by operating programs exclusively designed for Mondays, such as the Energy Concert, which will be held in Foundation Park located between City Hall Station, Subway Line No. 1 (Exit 4), and the entrance of Seoul Citizens Hall during the evening rush hour on Mondays.  Also, Seoul City is planning to open a second Citizens Hall in August 2015. The new Citizens Hall will be located on the first and second floors of the Seoul Business Agency (SBA)s convention center (floor size of 3,220 square meters), and will be operated with the purpose of facilitating citizens activities in the southeastern region of Seoul. The selection of this location reflects the growing demand of citizens for such facilities and the sheer volume of suggestions made by citizens to establish a Citizens Hall in their community. The second Citizens Hall will incorporate the needs of the local area in order to create harmony with the residents. Visit Seoul Citizens Hall : http://english.seoul.go.kr/get-to-know-us/city-hall/overview-city-hall/2-citizens-hall/
In cooperation with the Woori Multicultural Scholarship Foundation, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is now offering scholarships for children of multicultural families in Seoul attending elementary, middle, and high schools and universities in Seoul, as well as married immigrants attending open universities and cyber universities.Scholarships will be granted to 320 students, with the amounts varying depending on the curriculum: KRW 300,000 for elementary school students, KRW 500,000 for middle school students, KRW 1,000,000 for high school students, KRW 3,000,000 for college students, KRW 500,000 for married immigrants attending open universities, and KRW 1,000,000 for married immigrants attending cyber universities. The scholarship funds must be used to pay educational expenses, such as admission fees, tuition, supplementary class fees, and if necessary, can be used to purchase study materials, books, and school meals.To apply, children of multicultural families attending elementary, middle, and high schools must submit their applications to the schools they are attending by March 27, after which the schools must send the applications and other required documents, including a recommendation from the school principal, to the Woori Multicultural Scholarship Foundation.College students and married immigrants need to receive recommendations from their academic advisers and department heads and either send their applications by mail or submit them in person to the Multiculturalism Division of the Seoul Metropolitan Government. To be eligible, college students must either be residents of Seoul or be attending a four-year university in Seoul in their first through to seventh semester  and have maintained a grade-point average of at least 3.0/4.5 (or 2.5/4.3) in the most recent semester. Married immigrants residing in Seoul or attending open universities or one of Seouls cyber universities, excluding two-year colleges and four-year universities, are eligible to apply.The Seoul Metropolitan Government and Woori Multicultural Scholarship Foundation provided scholarships to 299 individuals from multicultural families in 2014 and supported group wedding ceremonies for 20 couples from multicultural families who could not afford the cost of holding wedding ceremonies.For queries, please call  2133-5081 /  2002-3524
This guidebook has been published in an effort to inform foreign workers of their labor rights and protect them from unfair treatment, such as overdue wages, unfair dismissal, and sexual harassment in the workplace, as well as to offer appropriate solutions.<Distribution of free copies of A Notebook on the Labor Rights of Foreign Workers, published in five languages, including English, Filipino, and Vietnamese>Seoul Metropolitan Government will publish and distribute free copies of A Notebook on the Labor Rights of Foreign Workers, which provides information on the labor system, rights of foreign workers, and labor-related laws of Korea that must be observed by employers. In order to make it accessible to as many people as possible, this booklet has been printed in Korean, English, Chinese, Filipino, and Vietnamese. Published in a cartoon and Q&A format, A Notebook on the Labor Rights of Foreign Workers provides essential information to foreign workers on Koreas labor laws and standard labor conditions. The material was published in the size of a small notebook, making it easy to carry around and refer to whenever necessary.<Comprehensive information organized into 11 sections, including labor contracts, wages, industrial accident compensation, and dormitory life>The notebook contains a systematic summary of information necessary for foreign workers, who are particularly vulnerable and work under more unstable conditions than Korean nationals, and has been organized into 11 sections, including:  Labor Contracts  Working Hours, Holidays, and Leave  Wages  Severance Pay  Overdue Wages  Dismissal  Occupational Accidents  Protection of Female Workers  Sexual Harassment  Dormitory Life  Insurance for Foreign Workers.  
Furthermore, it offers detailed explanations of Korean labor rights, which apply equally to all workers, Korean nationals and foreign workers alike. It also answers many common questions: Why does a labor contract need to be signed? What should I do in the event of overdue wages or unfair dismissal? How should I respond to occupational accidents, sexual harassment, and violence (or verbal abuse)?
The appendix of the notebook contains an overview of the Employment Permit System, major services and contact numbers of institutions that assist foreign workers, and the wage calculation table form, which helps workers calculate the correct amount of wages for the hours worked.If you have any questions about the contents of the notebook, or if you are a foreign worker whose labor rights have been infringed upon, please contact the Seoul Global Center or Foreign Migrant Workers Center for assistance.Notebook on Labor Rights of Foreign Workers To view : http://english.seoul.go.kr/category/get-to-know-us/seoul-views/library/brochure/ <List of institutions dealing with foreign workers in Seoul> Seoul Global Center  Seoul Global Migrant Workers Center 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government scored 79.24 points on the 2014 satisfaction survey on the use of buses in the city. This score represents a 20-point increase over the results of the 2006 survey, on which it scored 59.20 points. The satisfaction survey was conducted in the first and second half of last year, targeting those aged 15 years and older who had taken a bus at least three times a week for more than a month. A total of 21,639 citizens were surveyed, including intra-city bus users (12,600 people), shuttle bus users (8,303 people), and airport limousine bus users (736 people).Seoul City conducted the survey in a one-on-one format under four categories: pleasantness (cleanliness, announcement sound quality, smell, noise, and internal temperature), convenience (amenities at bus stops, bus routes, and inconvenience inside buses), safety (drivers compliance with traffic regulations), and trustworthiness (notification of change in operation hours and drivers attitude). <Intra-city bus score increased 1.14 points from 2013, scoring 79.24 points, pleasantness showed the highest satisfaction levels>The overall satisfaction with the buses in Seoul appears to have increased. Compared to the 2013 survey, the intra-city bus score increased 1.14 points, scoring 79.24 points, while shuttle buses and airport limousine buses scored 76.31 points (0.03 point higher) and 88.85 points (0.74 point lower), respectively. For intra-city buses, the satisfaction levels in all four areas increased more than 1.0 point from 2013. Particularly, pleasantness (1.31 points higher) increased the most, along with an increase of 1.16 points for trustworthiness. The satisfaction with intra-city buses has continuously increased (71.18 points in 2007  74.16 points in 2010  78.10 points in 2013) since its score of 59.20 points in 2006.  Regarding shuttle buses, the scores in three categories increased by less than 0.5 points, but the pleasantness score decreased by 0.49 points from its level in 2013, showing that this issue requires immediate improvement. Airport limousine buses, which had previously scored close to 90 points, showed an increase of 0.74 points this year. High satisfaction levels were observed in pleasantness (1.51 points higher) and trustworthiness (1.34 points higher), whereas safety (0.18 points lower) was indicated as an area that needs improvement.<Trustworthiness and safety should be improved further, bus companies with low scores will be managed with extra supervision>Based on the results of the survey, the city government is planning to address the various issues that need improvement. Particularly, in the trustworthiness area, the provision of accurate information (e.g. change in routes, bus stops, and tentative operations) and handling of complaints need to be improved, while in the safety category, driving after confirming passenger disembarkment and compliance with traffic regulations were pointed out as particular problem areas.  <Results of Bus Services Satisfaction Survey by Year >
High-resolution aerial photographs to be used as evidence in disputes concerning illegal structures and land and property ownership as well as for academic research can now be printed in the comfort of home, eliminating the inconvenience of having to visit City Hall in person to obtain such images.The Seoul Metropolitan Government has developed the Aerial Image Viewer in order to offer an Internet-based aerial image printing service through the Seoul Aerial Image Service website (http://aerogis.seoul.go.kr), where individuals can download and print aerial images in their own homes.In 2012, the Seoul Metropolitan Government made available online the Big Data of about 100,000 aerial images that have been taken of the entire city every year for the last 43 years since 1972, providing citizens access to exceptionally high-resolution (25cm) images that far surpass aerial images of the city provided by other organizations or Internet portal sites. On an image with a resolution of 25cm, an object with a diameter of 25cm appears as a dot.These online aerial images were accessed about 1.2 million times between 2012 and 2014, while a total of 6,986 aerial photographs were provided to citizens who visited City Hall to receive images in person. Compared to Internet portal sites, which usually update the images of only major areas, Seouls aerial image service is particularly useful as the government provides aerial images of the entire city of Seoul by year for more diverse and practical uses.Seoul Aerial Image Service for Citizens (http://aerogis.seoul.go.kr)  After the completion of construction After the completion of construction Aerial photograph taken in 2014 (Near Yeomri Elementary School, Seoul)Registration is not necessary for printing, but the service is accessible only after the users identity has been verified using an I-PIN (Internet Personal Identification Number). There is a fee of about KRW 10,000 to 20,000 per aerial image.In order to prevent the illegal distribution or printing of downloaded aerial images, the images are watermarked and protected by DRM (Digital Rights Management), a technology built into the images to prevent any counterfeiting or alteration. Also, a test print function is available to prevent printing errors. Area surrounding Seoul City Hall
Seouls Dulle-gil was opened on November 15, 2014, and has already gained national popularity as a great trekking course. Within the three months since its opening, 1,000 people have completed the 157-kilometer course, and the number of guide maps and stamp books distributed by the Seoul Metropolitan Government has reached about 71,000.<With Convenient Access and Eight Charming Trails, Dulle-gil Has Become a Popular Trekking Course>On the outskirts of the city, Seouls Dulle-gil is organized into eight trails, stretching a total of 157 kilometers, which encircle the city of Seoul. It is possible to complete all of the trails in about 10 days, if you take an eight-hour walk each day. While walking around the outskirts of Seoul, trekkers are able to take in a wonderful view of Seoul, enjoy nature, and visit the 35 historical and cultural attractions located along the trails.Access to Dulle-gil is very convenient as well. The start and end points of the trails are connected to a total of 23 subway stations, allowing people to easily reach the trails from anywhere in the city.Each Seoul Dulle-gil trail is special in its own way.
For an easy walk, we recommend taking the Godeoksan and Iljasan Mountain trail, while the Suraksan and Bulamsan Mountain trail is perfect for those who want to enjoy a nice view of nature and lush forests. For the best view, try the Yongmasan and Achasan Mountain trail. The Gwanaksan Mountain trail and Daemosan and Umyeonsan Mountain trail are great for a nice stroll in the woods in the middle of the city, and the Anyangcheon Stream trail offers a charming view of a beautiful stream, while the Bukhansan trail and Bongsan and Aengbongsan Mountain trail provide diverse scenery for trekkers.
 Eight courses <Stamp Tour for Dulle-gil Trail Popular among Seoul Citizens 1,000 People Completed All Trails>A stamp tour is available for those who wish to walk the full length of the Seoul Dulle-gil trails, with 1,000 citizens having already received certificates for finishing the walk. Recently, with the weather starting to warm up, the number of people coming to receive certificates has been increasing dramatically.The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to develop Seouls Dulle-gil into a trail that all citizens, from students to the elderly, want to walk the full length of at least once in their lifetime. As part of such efforts, the city government will regularly host the Seoul Dulle-gil Walking Festival twice a year (in May and October), the semi-annual 100-Person Seoul Dulle-gil Expedition, and monthly walking programs. In addition, various programs, such as forest guide programs, forest therapy, photography contests, and power blogger selections, will be offered at various times. Seoul Dudeurim-gil : http://gil.seoul.go.kr
The Seoul-type Living Wage System guarantees a minimum wage level that ensures low-income households with financial difficulties maintain their quality of life in all areas, such as housing, food, transportation, and culture, setting the minimum hourly wage for 2015 at KRW 6,687. In determining this wage level, cost of living, educational expenses, and inflation rates were all taken into consideration. The hourly wage of KRW 6,687 is KRW 1,107 more (20 percent higher) than the 2015 minimum wage of KRW 5,580 per hour. Multiplying this hourly wage by the legal minimum monthly working hours (209 hours), the minimum monthly salary comes to approximately KRW 1.39 million. In the first phase of this change, workers employed by the Seoul Metropolitan Government and government-funded institutions will be entitled to receive the additional salary, with the new wage system being applied retroactively from January 1, 2015. Following Seoul Mayor Park Won Soons first initiative for economic democratizationconverting irregular workers into regular positions in the public sectorthe Seoul-type Living Wage System will be implemented in earnest this year. Through the first initiative, 5,625 of the approximately 7,300 irregular workers were given regular positions (as of January 2015) with the goal of increasing employment stability. Seoul Mayor Parks second initiative for economic democratization, the Seoul-type Living Wage System, aims to guarantee a humane quality of life for workers and reduce income disparity, ultimately protecting the rights of underprivileged workers. <After combining 50 percent of the average expenditure of three-member family households, 50 percent of the average cost of private education, and the minimum living expenses, the consumer price inflation rate was applied.>In order to calculate the minimum living wage, Seoul City developed a Three-person Household Spending Model by applying the average living costs, educational expenses, and inflation rates for a one-year period from 2013. Based on Seoul Citys average number of three-person households (dual income couples (two people) + one child),  50 percent of the average expenditure of three-member households, 50 percent of the average private education cost, and the minimum living expenses were combined to determine the guaranteed minimum wage based on household spending levels. Again, the combined total was divided by 365 hoursthe total monthly working hours of a three-member household (from the dual income couples, one person: 8 hours on a full-time basis/ one person: 6 hours on a part-time basis) and Seoul Citys consumer price inflation rate (1.6 percent) was applied, finally setting this years hourly wage at KRW 6,687.<Applied to all workers directly employed by the city government in 2015> Through consultation with the Ministry of Government Administration and Home Affairs, the city government plans to set up a specific institutional foundation for contract and services workers who cannot yet enjoy the benefits of the system, according to the current law, so that the new system can be applied to all related workers from 2016. In addition, a variety of measures will be taken, including accrediting firms that actively adopt the new wage system as Seoul City Labor-Friendly Firms, in order to expand the Seoul-type Living Wage System to the private sector.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has laid the foundation for the overseas expansion of Korean waterworks companies by signing an MOU with Vietnams Hue Water Supply Company to share advanced technology and knowledge in the field of water supply. Hue is situated in the mid-northern region of Vietnam and covers an area of 5,054 square kilometers, six times larger than Seoul, with a total population of 1.12 million. The Hue Water Supply Company is a public organization responsible for operating the waterworks system for Hue. It currently manages 31 purification plants and supplies water to around 850,000 people. Also, its water supply penetration rate stands at nearly 73.5 percent.  Through this agreement, the two institutions will share policy and technological know-how related to waterworks systems, including the operation and management of purification plants, through water supply policy training. Also, technology exchanges through inspections and consultations on water supply facilities will be expanded further. Since 2012, Seoul City has been conducting a series of water supply policy training programs for foreign waterworks companies. As of last year, 70 participants from 37 cities in 23 countries have participated in the program, and a total of 30 trainees will receive three rounds of training this year. On March 2, 2015, 10 foreign dignitaries, including Dunesh Gankanda, Sri Lankas Deputy Minister of Urban Development and Water Supplies, and K.A. Ansar, Chairman of the Water Supply and Drainage Board, visited the Office of Waterworks and the Yeongdeungpo Arisu Water Purification Center, with more foreign visitors expected to visit such waterworks facilities in the near future. 
The Hi Seoul Youth Hostel was chosen as the winner in the Most Comfortable Hostel category at the 2014 Worlds Best Hostels HI5ive Awards hosted by Hostelling International (HI).The annual HI5ive Awards was held on February 9 in Toledo, Spain, where the annual meeting of the CEOs of HI member associations was held. HI (founded in 1932), which hosted the event and evaluated hostels around the world, is a reliable organization with over 3.7 million international members.For this years HI5ive Awards, over 4,000 hostels in 94 countries were evaluated based on ratings left by HIs customers in 2014, with prizes being awarded in five categories:  Most Comfortable Hostel,  Friendliest Hostel,  Green Hostel,  Best Hostel, and  Best National Association of Hostels.The Seoul Metropolitan Government currently operates two youth hostels (Seoul Youth Hostel and Hi Seoul Youth Hostel) through youth organizations. These youth hostels provide accommodations as well as organized activities for traveling youths both at home and abroad.The Seoul Metropolitan Government currently operates two youth hostels (Seoul Youth Hostel and Hi Seoul Youth Hostel) through youth organizations. These youth hostels provide accommodations as well as organized activities for traveling youths both at home and abroad.Since its opening in March 2011 and as of January 2015, over 600,000 customers have visited Hi Seoul Youth Hostel, including a total of 74,338 travellers from 106 different countries, including China, Russia, Germany, USA, and Hong Kong. Information about Hi Seoul Youth Hostel : http://hiseoulyh.com/en/ (English)
The Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the direction of its womens policy in 2015. Understanding that women are at the center of local activities, accounting for about 78.7 percent of all participants, the city government decided to seek solutions in womens policy through village communities and social economy. Currently, womens community activities are positively impacting local communities, yet these activities tend to be voluntary and provide no economic benefits. Therefore, the key points of the new policy direction are: the provision of support aiding women to transform their community activities into social economy initiatives in the form of cooperatives, social enterprises, and community enterprises, and continuous job creation.As part of these efforts, local cooperatives and other social economic organizations will be entrusted with the operation of 100 newly created national and public daycare centers, accounting for 10 percent of the daycare centers to be created by 2018. In addition, community enterprises and social enterprises will be participating in providing free school meals for undernourished children, eventually transforming the program to provide home-cooked meals by 2018. Furthermore, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will support the establishment of cooperatives involved in the provision of educational services for well-educated women dealing with career discontinuity and dramatically increase the number of cooperatives providing services for schools, such as school cafeterias, field trips, and school uniforms, through the establishment of a cooperative school improvement council.Moreover, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will focus on supporting womens health, elderly women, single-woman households, and womens safety through womens communities, where women with common interests and issues can share information and provide care for each other.In terms of infrastructure, the tentatively-named Womens Sarangbang  will be established in all community centers in Seoul by 2018, and regional hub facilities will also be opened. In cooperation with universities, these centers will provide Social Economic Enterprise MBA programs with the goal of creating a platform on which women can develop into economic leaders. Model case of a single-woman household community W-Greeda, a cooperative for single-woman households, operates Caf Food Eoseuleong Station in Mapo-gu.
 Eoseuleong Station aims to support women in achieving economic independence by producing and selling coffee and attempts to provide an alternative community space for single-women households. Along with W-Greeda, it is growing into a major neighborhood community for single-women households in Mapo-gu.
The Korea Original Womens Research Cooperative (KOWORC) is a cooperative for women established by a well-educated woman who experienced a major career interruption. The cooperative allows women dealing with career discontinuity to create alternative jobs for women.Since its inaugural meeting in 2013, KOWORC has been actively providing policy development and research services for corporations and public organizations.By introducing a system that allows workers to decide the time they start and get off work (while maintaining their work hours) as well as a part-time system for enterprises, KOWORC prevents career discontinuity for women while providing jobs for women at the same time.
Model case of a women-centered cooperative Happy Coop is a cooperative where women members of cooperatives become the principal agents and producers for consumer cooperatives.Happy Coop is currently operating 14 consumer cooperatives for members and 26 markets.
One of the major characteristics of Happy Coop is that its cooperative members as well as activists, board directors, and executives are mostly women. Happy Coop regularly hosts feminist leadership forums, women producer and consumer meetings, and related forums that encourage women to lead and operate cooperatives. In addition, Happy Coop is revaluating womens labor and spreading gender equality throughout rural communities through the women producer name movement, in which agricultural products are labeled with the names of the women who produced them.
Furthermore, since 2012, Happy Coop has been funding womens cooperatives and organizations through the Cooperative Welfare Fund, helping cooperatives, such as the Good Sense Workshop (Gamjoeun Gongbang), create jobs for women.Case of a community of parents growing into a cooperative The Beautiful Seongbuk-dong Peoples Cooperative (Seong-a-deul Cooperative) was a community of parents focusing on providing history education excursions for children that grew into a cooperative.
The cooperative provided history education-based excursion programs for children in Seongbuk-dong, which is known for its wealth of historical cultural assets. With the increase in demand for such community-based programs, a few key members invested and established a cooperative.The cooperatives major projects include fostering historical and cultural commentators and operating historical and cultural excursion programs. The Beautiful Seongbuk-dong Peoples Cooperative has also become certified as a community enterprise in Seongbuk-gu.
Currently, about 90,000 foreign workers live in Seoul, but what do they think about their lives here?According to a study conducted by Seoul Metropolitan Government, around 45.8 percent of the foreign workers in Seoul came to Korea with the hope of earning wages higher than those of their home countries. On average, they work 11 hours a day and earn KRW 1.89 million a month. They were somewhat satisfied with their lives in Seoul, but their desire for employment information, education, and support facilities was found to be quite high. Communication was identified as one of the main difficulties faced in the initial stage of their settlement, but approximately 90 percent of foreign workers responded that they have no difficulties communicating in Korean now. In December 2014, Seoul City conducted a study on the living conditions of foreign residents in Seoul with the participation of 700 foreign workers across 11 areasincluding housing, working conditions, and living conditionsin 93 specific categories. This study, the first of its kind in Korea, was carried out to reflect the living conditions and difficulties of foreign workers, who account for one-fourth of the foreign residents of Seoul, in the city governments policy-making. About 89,620 foreign workers live in Seoul, making up about 22 percent of the 415,059 foreign residents of Seoul, and they work in diverse fields, including basic labor, machinery assembly, services, and sales (based on the statistics for 2014 of the Ministry of Government Administration and Home Affairs).<Somewhat satisfied with life in Seoul, working 11 hours a day and earning KRW 1.89 million a month on average>
First of all, rating 3.57 out of 5, the overall satisfaction of foreign workers with the living conditions in Seoul was somewhat satisfied.  [Foreign Residents Overall Satisfaction with Living Conditions]Specifically, foreign residents satisfaction with their basic living conditions, including transportation, culture, housing, and medical care, was somewhat satisfied (3.56 points), while their satisfaction with  hospitality, support facilities, and the operation of facilities was identified as generally satisfied (3.18 points). The main reason for foreign workers relocating to Korea was identified as to earn a lot of money, which was the answer indicated by 45.8 percent of respondents, and they were found to work an average of 11 hours a day and earn an average of KRW 1.89 million a month. The distribution of salary levels was: KRW 1.51 to 2 million (47.8 percent), KRW 2.01 to 2.5 million (24.8 percent), KRW 1 to 1.5 million (15.3 percent), and KRW 2.51 to 3 million (7.0 percent). Among foreign workers in Seoul, employees of overseas-based businesses working in Seoul through the visiting employment system (KRW 1.92 million), including Korean Chinese workers, earned roughly KRW 400,000 more than non-professional employees from Thailand and the Philippines (KRW 1.51 million). <Detached houses and houses based on a semi-Jeonse system (deposit of less than KRW 20 million and monthly rent of KRW 200,000 to 400,000) were most common.>According to housing type, a majority of foreign workers lived in detached houses (44.1 percent), followed by row houses/multiplex houses/town houses (41.4 percent), company dormitories (6.2 percent), and apartments (6.2 percent), houses based on monthly rent with deposit (63.7 percent) were most common. Regarding leisure activities, foreign workers watched TV (54.3 percent) and just relaxed (29.8 percent) on weekdays and socialized with friends and relatives on the weekends (33.4 percent). Furthermore, eight of 10 foreign workers indicated that they had never participated in any cultural or sports events held in Seoul in the last year. <Rate of health insurance subscription was 41.5 percent, with main reasons for not subscribing being high insurance premiums (42.7 percent) and good health (16.7 percent).>Regarding medical services, the rate of health insurance subscription was particularly low at 41.5 percent. The main reasons for not subscribing were high insurance premiums (42.7 percent) and good health (16.7 percent), and the most frequently visited medical facilities were general hospitals (46.9 percent), pharmacies (12.9 percent), religious facilities offering medical services (5.8 percent), and health centers (4.6 percent). Some of the difficulties identified involving medical services were high medical costs (45.5 percent), lack of information on medical institutions (28.6 percent), lack of hospitals exclusively for foreign residents (26.7 percent), and lack of foreign language services (14.2 percent). < Most desired by foreign workers was information, facilities, and training regarding employment.
The Internet usage rate was low at 42.1 percent, with only 28.4 percent of foreign workers active in Internet communities or blogs. However, about 88.3 percent of foreign workers owned smartphones, (with Internet access) with 70.0 percent of them using SNS services.Living and lifestyle information was acquired mostly through acquaintances (64.4 percent), with foreign workers most desiring information on employment (40.8 percent). With respect to facilities or programs that foreign workers believe should be established in the future, vocational training was most highly indicated. Regarding the difficulties of acquiring information, difficult to find necessary information (42.0 percent), inaccurate information (15.1 percent), and not clear whether the information is up-to-date (12.1 percent) were the most common answers. [Additional Support Facilities and Programs Desired by Foreign Workers]In the early stage of their settlement in Seoul, foreign workers had a hard time communicating in Korean (46.2 percent), but currently, about 90.1 percent of them can communicate in Korean. Nearly 87.5 percent of respondents answered that they can read in Korean. They faced difficulties due to prejudice/discrimination (40.1 percent), and as in the initial stage of settlement, non-professional employees pointed to communication (26.0 percent) as the greatest difficulty they currently face. It was found that foreign workers sought help from friends from their home countries living in Seoul (35.7 percent) and spouses (28.8 percent), and tended to resolve their difficulties through conversation and commiseration (46.9 percent). In response to a question about whether they want to extend their period of stay, about 92.7 percent of respondents answered yes, and among them, roughly 78.9 percent wanted to extend their stay for more than three years. In response to a question asking respondent to identify the most important Seoul City policy for foreign residents, the most common answer was basic living policy, including housing, healthcare, etc. (29.2 percent), followed by early settlement education (Korean language classes, etc.) and counseling (25.0 percent) and employment support (22.8 percent). 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government has completed the construction of the San Ramon Water Purification Plant in Chanchamayo, Peru, which had lacked access to clean tap water, thereby laying the foundation for the provision of safe tap water in the area.The Seoul Metropolitan Government has been promoting the project to improve the waterworks facilities in Chanchamayo, Peru, since 2012. In 2014, the first part of the first phase of the project, which involved revamping water pipes and repairing water intake facilities, was finalized, and in February 2015, the construction of the San Ramon Water Purification Plant, the second part of the first phase, was completed. A ceremony to celebrate the completion of the construction was held in Chanchamayo, Peru, on February 27 (local time). The Seoul Metropolitan Government invested KRW 320 million in the form of Seoul Metropolitan Government ODA for the construction of the San Ramon Water Purification Plant, which has the capacity to produce an average of 3,000 tons of water per day. The plant was built using Seouls outstanding waterworks technologies and materials from Korea.** Seoul Metropolitan Government ODA (Official Development Assistance): Provides funding to cover necessary expenses for the improvement of exchange and cooperation between the Seoul Metropolitan Government and regional governments overseas as well as disaster relief funds for overseas regional governments.The support for the Chanchamayo waterworks improvement project began at the request of Chanchamayo Mayor Jung Heung-won, the first mayor of Korean descent to be elected in South America, when he paid a courtesy visit to Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon in May 2012. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will continue to develop project models ideal for small-sized cities and provide support for the improvement of substandard waterworks facilities in developing countries, where the supply of clean tap water is a major issue.Overview of the Waterworks Facilities Improvement Project for Chanchamayo, Peru    Cost: KRW 966 million  Cost: KRW 1.44 billion           Cost: KRW 294 million
Upon enrolling in the No-Driving Day program, drivers will be eligible to receive various benefits, such as discounts on gas and car washes, at 1,057 public organizations and related private businesses in Seoul.Drivers participating in the program, which was launched in 2003, are asked to choose one weekday on which they will refrain from driving and to affix an electronic sticker to their car indicating that day of the week. As of January 2015, 740,000 vehicles, accounting for 30.9 percent of the 2.41 million cars registered in Seoul, are enrolled in the program.For the drivers participating in the No-Driving Day program, the Seoul Metropolitan Government provides a variety of benefits, such as reduced automobile tax and traffic congestion charges and discounts on parking fees at public parking lots. In addition, the government is working to expand the number of private businesses participating in the program, including electric car sharing enterprises, optical shops, flower delivery services, restaurants, and banks, to offer a wider range of benefits.A new policy has been implemented that stipulates registration in the No-Driving Day program expires every five years, after which drivers have 90 days to apply for a new electronic sticker. If they do not, they will be automatically dropped from the program. However, during the initial stage of this new policy, the roughly 600,000 cars that enrolled in the program between 2006 and 2010 will be allowed to renew their stickers by March 30, 2016, in order to avoid any confusion due to the change.The Seoul Metropolitan Government will continue to promote the No-Driving Day program along with district offices and community centers, and will also reinforce and expand crackdowns on drivers who remove their electronic stickers after enrolling in the program or who fail to observe their No-Driving Days commitments. Currently, RFID systems for the program are installed in 19 locations, and 52 fixed readers have been installed throughout the city. As punishment for the 13,366 cars that failed to fulfill their commitments on more than three occasions in 2014, the city government withdrew their benefits. Furthermore, the government plans to strengthen crackdowns on violations using portable electronic sticker readers.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government is recruiting communities to participate in the 2015 Multicultural Community Revitalization Support Project, through which Korean and foreign residents can get together to discover and resolve common issues on their own. Groups that wish to participate can apply on the Seoul Community Support Centers website (www.seoulmaeul.org) between March 16 and 20.The project will focus on multicultural activities and consulting, and selected groups will receive funding of approximately KRW 5 million each.The support for multicultural activities includes: resolving conflicts between Korean and foreign residents, promoting the improvement of the community environment, raising the awareness of Korean and foreign residents, organizing cultural exchange and arts and sports activities to foster diversity and friendship between Korean and foreign residents, encouraging Korean and foreign residents to cooperate and discover means of specializing and promoting the use of local resources. Regarding consulting activities, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide support for multicultural community consulting and other activities that serve to revitalize multicultural communities.Groups receiving support for multicultural activities shall include groups of Korean and foreign residents composed of at least three Seoul residents as well as non-profit organizations, non-profit corporations, and co-ops that work or have worked on projects for foreign residents, while the groups involved in consulting will include corporations, private non-profit organizations, and co-ops located in Seoul that have substantial experience with projects related to multiculturalism.The Seoul Community Support Center provided support for six projects (five involved in community activities and one in consulting) in 2014, contributing to the resolution of conflicts and satisfying needs by promoting communication between Korean and foreign residents, thereby revitalizing multicultural community activities.Contact: Seoul Community Support Center (385-2642)
People in their 20s are passionate about culture and attend many more cultural events and spend much more on cultural events compared to other age groups, yet they are least satisfied with the quality of their lives. People in their thirties are divided into two distinct groups, depending on their marital status: single women who invest a lot of their money in culture, and moms who are much more into taking care of their babies than enjoying cultural events. People in their 50s are involved in education and people in their 60s are participating in different clubs, and both age groups consume as much culture as the people in their twenties.The Seoul Foundation for Arts and Culture surveyed 2,905 people in their 20s to 60s to find out their cultural consumption patterns with respect to their stage of their life, such as marriage, having children, rearing children, retirement, etc. The foundation announced the results of the Cultural Life Survey for Seoul Citizens, on January 30.By sex, 876 males and 2,029 females participated in the survey. By age, this broke down into  756 people in their 20s (27.0%),  997 in their 30s (34.3%),  728 in their 40s (25.1%)  315 in their 50s, (10.8%), and  109 in their 60s (3.8%).The Seoul Cultural Foundation determined the desire for culture, the degree and manner of participation, and issues faced in cultural lives in a number of people in various age groups, marital status, and presence of children. People were divided into a total of eight different categories. < 8 Cultural Life Groups > Culture Maniacs, in their 20s, have a high interest in culture and arts (93 points) and believe that culture and arts are important (77.1 points). However, they were least satisfied with the quality of their lives (70.1 points / total average 71.3 points), which led the survey to the conclusion that they consume culture as a means of escape for the anxiety and stress of their lives. Their level of satisfaction in their area of residence was 49.3 points (total average 51.4 points), marking the lowest among the groups. The level of satisfaction for culture and arts events in Seoul was also the highest in this age group with 63.1 points (total average 60.4 points), which showed that people in this age group roamed all over Seoul to culturally hip places, regardless of their residential area. On average, the Culture Maniacs saw a film and a play every month, went to an exhibition once every two months, and spent KRW 694,281 on cultural activities per year, which was the largest amount of money spent when compared to other groups. Generally, they were accompanied by friends when participating in these activities (53.9%), but many also enjoyed the cultural activities alone (35.5%). Glamorous Single Women, in their 30s, spent a total of KRW 821,262 per year (total average KRW 559,632) for cultural and arts events, which was the largest amount among the eight groups. Enjoying culture is one of their passions, and they do not hesitate to buy relatively expensive tickets for plays and exhibitions. They showed the highest level of interest (93.3points) and importance (78.1points) in culture and arts, and the number of visits to culture and arts events amounted to 44 on average per year, which was higher than that for people in their 20s (40.3 visits). Their levels of satisfaction in life (69.2 points) and in the culture and arts scene in Seoul (58.0 points) were the lowest among the eight groups. < Baby Moms > in their 30s, showed rapidly decreased levels of interest in culture and arts, number of visits, and the level of importance culture and arts assumes in their lives. Compared to the <Glamorous Single Women>, <Baby Moms> showed a relatively lower level of interest in all categories, with 87.1 points for level of interest in culture and arts (93.3 points), 24.4 visits per year to culture and arts events (44.0 visits), 57 points in the level of importance of culture and arts (78.1 points), and KRW 364,625 spent per year on culture and arts events (KRW 821,262). One of the main reasons Baby Moms showed this reduced trend was the fact that they did not have a place or person to ask to babysit their children (9.6%). <Baby Moms>did not participate in culture and arts events, yet the level of satisfaction in their lives was the highest among the eight groups (77.2 points), which showed that factors other than culture and arts, such as child rearing, had more influence on the quality of their lives.<Friendies>, consisting of men in their 40s with children, showed that they are generally accompanied by family when participating in leisure events (78.8%). Most of them remarked that they go on trips and picnics (69.0%) as their most common types of leisure activity but pointed to culture and arts events as the types of leisure activity they would most like to do (40.7%). A total of 20.8%
    <Culture Moms>-with middle schoolers, answered the same. Single women in their 40s, or the so-called <Blue Single Women>, attended the greatest number of culture and arts events (46.8 visits per year) among the eight groups, and they also spent KRW 755,992 on culture and arts events, still enjoying culture as do the<Glamorous Single Women>. Also, many answered that they participate in these leisure activities alone (39.6%), which was the highest among the eight groups.Among the <Romantics>, in their 50s, 71.9% had experience of culture and arts education, which was the highest among all the age groups. This was the result of the fact that they no longer have children to look after, and therefore, they are able to revive their interest in culture and arts. The overall level of satisfaction in their culture and arts experience was 71.4 points (total average 68.5 points), which was the highest among the eight groups, and many answered that they are actively participating in certain hobby clubs (56.6% /total average 35.4%).Entering their 60s, people began to visit over 30 culture and arts events per year, and this age group showed the highest level of satisfaction in their quality of life (74.4 points) among all age groups. They can be classified as <Active Seniors> who spend their later years immersed in culture and arts. The number of visits to culture and arts events per year numbered 38.6 for <Active Seniors>, which was higher than the average for people in their 40s (30.1 visits), 50s (31.6 visits), and even 30s (37.3 visits). While they spent the least amount of money on culture and arts events, only KRW 283,768, their level of participation in culture and arts clubs (66.2%) and creative hobbies (44.6%), and their level of satisfaction in the cultural scene in their residential areas (55.4 points) were the highest surveyed. The results of the Cultural Life Survey for Seoul Citizens showed that the level of cultural life satisfaction depends more on the quality than the quantity of cultural life. Also, the more people are satisfied with the cultural scene in their residential area, the more they will participate in cultural consumption, and as a result, the degree of satisfaction for cultural life and the quality of life increases. As for the problems associated with attending cultural activities, cost topped the list with 72.3%. People who were focused on self-satisfaction leaned towards lack of time and information, while those who were focused on family happiness pointed to transport and child rearing as problems stopping them from enjoying cultural activities.
The average monthly wage for social service workers in Seoul was found to be KRW 2.06 million, which is KRW 1.14 million less than the average monthly wage of Seoul citizensabout KRW 3.2 million. Wages for social service workers were generally higher when the ratio of regular to irregular workers was higher and lower when the ratio was lower.Note: Social service refers to a system in which federal and regional governments as well as the private sector guarantee all citizens a dignified standard of living in terms of welfare, health and medical services, education, employment, housing, culture, and environment and work toward improving the quality of life for citizens by providing support for counseling, rehabilitation, care, provision of information, use of related facilities, capacity development, and social participation (Framework Act on Social Security).Seouls social service workers earned an average of KRW 2.06 million per month, or about KRW 13,000 per hour The average monthly wage for social service workers was KRW 1.14 million less than the average monthly wage for workers in Seoul in 2014, which was KRW 3.2 million.  The hourly wage for social service workers in Seoul was KRW 13,000, which is less than KRW 18,000, the average hourly wage for workers in Seoul. The average monthly wages for all types of social service positions in Seoul were found to be lower than the average monthly wage for workers in Seoulabout KRW 3.2 million. Wages for social service workers were generally higher when the ratio of regular to irregular workers was higher and lower when the ratio was lower. The average monthly wage was the lowest for lecturers for programs at social service organizations and child welfare teachers, at KRW 1.33 million, followed by nursing assistants at KRW 1.58 million, and administrative staff at KRW 1.6 million Among lecturers for programs at social service organizations and child welfare teachers, the percentage of temporary and hourly workers is higher due to the nature of the work at childrens group homes and regional childrens centers.(Chart 1) Average Monthly Wage and Work Hours for All Workers and Social Service Workers in Seoul (Units: Hours, KRW 10,000) Note: The average monthly wage for all workers in Seoul is the sum of regular and overtime pay (excluding bonuses and extra pay).
Survey of Employment Conditions to Improve the Treatment of Social Service Workers in Seoul in 2014 (Yoon Min-Suk, Associate Research Fellow, The Seoul Institute) (Chart 2) Current Status of Social Service Occupations in Seoul (Units: KRW 10,000, %) Note: Social service refers to a system in which federal and regional governments as well as the private sector guarantee all citizens a dignified standard of living in terms of welfare, health and medical services, education, employment, housing, culture, and environment and work toward improving the quality of life for citizens by providing support for counseling, rehabilitation, care, provision of information, use of related facilities, capacity development, and social participation (Framework Act on Social Security).Source: Survey of Employment Conditions to Improve the Treatment of Social Service Workers in Seoul in 2014 (Yoon Min-Suk, Associate Research Fellow, The Seoul Institute) We have revised the term teacher/daycare teacher in this issue of the Infographics, uploaded on February 23, 2015, to prevent any misunderstanding. In previous issues, the term teacher/daycare teacher was used in reference to workers who organize events at social service organizations or work at childrens group homes. However, as these terms could be misinterpreted as referring to regular teachers and daycare teachers, teacher and daycare teacher have been changed to lecturer for programs at social service organizations and child welfare teacher.Source: The Seoul Institute (http://www.si.re.kr/node/51441)
 In 2013, foreign tourists, who visited Seoul, spent an average of KRW 1.56 million per person.  By region, Chinese tourists spent the most, with an average of KRW 2.32 million per person, followed by those from the Americas/Europe (KRW 1.49 million), Southeast Asia (KRW 1.15 million), others (KRW 1.17 million), and Japan (KRW 600,000). Table 1. Total Expenditures of Foreign Tourists by Region (unit: no. of people, KRW).Source: Study on Seoul City Foreign Tourists in 2013 (number of respondents: 1,621 people).
By item, KRW 1.27 million (shopping), KRW 540,000 (accommodation), KRW 280,000 (meals), and KRW 110,000 (culture and arts) were spent.  Among the total visitors, tourists with shopping experience account for 80.0%, spending an average of KRW 1.27 million for travel expenses. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to provide funding for selected foreign resident community cultural events in 2015, in order to stimulate activities and cultural events for foreign resident communities and to offer opportunities for Seoul residents to experience various cultures from around the world.Cultural events, such as music, sports, food, and costume events, held by foreign resident communities, foreign embassies or civic organizations are eligible for funding. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will evaluate the contents of the events and their efficacy and offer up to KRW 7 million, within 80 percent of total expenses for the events.In 2014, a total of KRW 68 million was provided to 14 events, including an international student cultural festival and foreign laborer sports event, where foreign residents introduced their customs and culture to Seoul citizens and had time to share each others cultures.The Foreign Resident Community Support Project will mainly consider events held to celebrate the national days and traditional holidays of target countries and particularly collaborative events or exchanges on the national level will be selected for funding. Also, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will take location into consideration and support the events and open them up to Seoul citizens for participation.Contact www.global.seoul.go.krSeoul Metropolitan Government Public Notice Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) hereby announces the support project to promote the variety of foreign cultural events in Seoul.2015 SupportProjectforSeoulsForeignCommunitys CulturalEvents2015.  2.  3. Mayor of Seoul
On February 5, Park Won Soon, mayor of Seoul, visited Hokkaido, the city of snow, and learned about the Sapporo Snow Festival, which is one of the worlds three best festivals, with two million visitors every year. Marking the 66th anniversary this year, the Sapporo Snow Festival is Japans largest festival, held for seven days from February 5 every year, and is regarded as one of the worlds top three festivals along with Brazils Rio Carnival and Germanys Oktoberfest.The Seoul Metropolitan Government visited the Sapporo Snow Festival and learned about its 60-year history, development, planning and organization, and set this visit as a stepping-stone for developing Seouls representative festivals  the Seoul Kimchi Making and Sharing Festival and the Seoul Lantern Festival  into world-renowned festivals.  During the Sapporo Snow Festival, Pororo and Tayo the Little Bus, the representative characters of Seoul, were sculpted in ices (width 5.5mlength 3mheight 4m) and promotional booths were set up for the first time to promote Seoul to foreign visitors. Particularly, Seoul City Wall, Seouls traditional landmark, which is expected to be registered as World Heritage by UNESCO in 2017 Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP), a new landmark of Seoul and the Sevit Island were promoted. 
Not only that, Park met with Fumio Ueda, mayor of Sapporo, to learn the know-how on running the Sapporo Snow Festival to better organize and plan Seouls festivals and seek ways to mutually promote the Seoul Kimchi Making and Sharing Festival and the Sapporo Snow Festival. Afterwards, Park made a joint declaration commemorating the fifth anniversary of the signing of the Seoul-Hokkaido Friendship Agreement with Harumi Takahashi, governor of Hokkaido. The joint declaration includes specific plans to raise the extent and level of cultural exchanges, economic exchanges, and personal exchanges.According to the joint declaration, the two cities will participate in each citys events and promote the events concerned, and will also undertake a Campaign in Favor of Each Citys Facilities, which has been implemented since 2013. Specifically, the citizens from both cities will be encouraged to participate in the representative sporting events of Seoul and Hokkaido, such as the Seoul International Marathon and Hokkaido Marathon. 
A Campaign in Favor of Each Citys Facilities is a project that grants benefits to the tourists from Seoul and Hokkaido, when using the two cities cultural facilities. Nineteen facilities from Seoul and ten facilities from Hokkaido are participating in this initiative.
Also, Park visited Otaru, noted for glass craft since the 1900s, and where the Japanese movie Love Letter was filmed, to discuss ways to cooperate in the field of craft and workshops and to execute Otarus supportive policies, with Yoshiharu Nakamatsu, mayor of Otaru. 
In order to reflect the opinions of the disabled in regards to the installation and operation of facilities in the subway station  from the entrance to the subway train  Seoul Metro launched the Special Committee for the Handicapped on the Subway, on February 4. 
The committee is comprised of seven members: five activists from handicapped associations and two high officials from public corporations, and the members will participate in investigating the problems of amenities and finding improvement areas for the disabled.
For the past several years, Seoul Metro has exerted considerable efforts in building facilities for the handicapped (E/V). To make sure the disabled use the amenities in a more convenient manner, guide signs and the transfer system will be improved and complemented. The research on improving the amenities for the disabled will be conducted by the committee, and after carrying out the study on five sample subway stations (busy and transfer stations), until March 2015, as the first step, 115 stations will be subsequently investigated by November. Based on the research, Seoul Metro will announce its plan to improve the subway conditions for the handicapped, in December 2015.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will embark on the Reviving Empty Houses project with the aim of transforming houses, left empty for more than six months, into private rental houses customized for the elderly, university students, and females. Such houses will be offered at around 80% of the market price, for six years, to low-income households.  The Seoul Metropolitan Government will select 7~8 social enterprises, housing cooperatives or non-profit groups, and consign the project. About 50% of the remodeling costs per house and a maximum of KRW 20 million will be supported. 
This project will not only revive empty houses, which are on the brink of becoming a hotbed of crime but also address the problem of imbalanced supply and demand of houses due to rising rental fees. In fact, such a project is already being conducted in the U.K. and Japan.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will start in 35 Dongs this year and gradually expand the number to 185 Dongs by 2018 (925 households based on 1-person households), securing its presence as an alternative to public rental houses.  Applicants should be households with less than 70% of the average monthly income and located in Seoul. Also, both the householder and family members should be houseless.This project targets the whole region in Seoul, including areas without the maintenance project (187 places) and areas with the maintenance project (80 places). The target houses will be single houses (with more than three rooms), multi-household houses, multiplex houses, and tenement houses but excessively antiquated houses will be excluded from the list. Also, the related houses should be located in areas where public transportation is operating and renovation can be executed within a budget of less than KRW 50 million per house. Tenants can live in these homes for up to six years at around 80% of the market price. For more information: http://citybuild.seoul.go.kr  Foreign Cases
The 2nd Seoul Foreign Student Volunteers, comprised of foreign students in universities in the Seoul area, will start its activities from February, in earnest. The 2nd Seoul Foreign Student Volunteers are twenty eight foreign students from eighteen countries, such as the U.S., Brunei, Finland, Morocco, etc. In order to carry out volunteer activities regularly and in a more systematic manner, a small number of students are newly selected every wave. Also, by forming an Organizing Committee, the selected volunteers will be encouraged to choose their own volunteer activities, which will raise their satisfaction and fulfillment levels as well.The student volunteers will be teaching foreign languages and cultures to elementary students on islands, such as Baengnyeongdo Island and Imjado Island, through an online mentoring program for six months. True, it is expected to contribute to offering more educational opportunities to students in island areas while boosting an understanding of different cultures between Korean and foreign students. The Seoul Foreign Student Volunteers will conduct volunteer activities once every quarter in collaboration with the Seoul City Volunteer Center and the Korea Telecom (KT) University Student IT Supporters, and set a new model of volunteer activity through cooperation between local residents and foreigners. Furthermore, the student volunteers will be given an opportunity to visit several facilities operated by the Seoul Metropolitan Government to deepen their understanding of Seoul. The foreign student volunteers will take the Hangang River ferry to witness the Miracle on the Hangang River first-hand, visit the Arisu water purification center, where the globally-recognized potable tap water of Seoul, Arisu, is made and supplied, and walk through Bukchon Hanok Village and experience traditional Korean culture through various activities. Such activities are anticipated to broaden the volunteers understanding both of Seoul and Korean culture. 
KT will grant KRW 2.5 million per person  KRW 70 million in total  as a scholarship to all selected volunteers. Every year, a total of KRW 150 million will be given to sixty foreign student volunteers.
From February 27, sixteen bus routes in Seoul will be adjusted. The adjusted bus routes will be as follows: nine bus routes to relieve the inconvenience of passengers, six bus routes for efficiency, and one bus route where the bus garage is located in a flood prone area.  < Adjustment of nine bus routes where the bus schedule was not met due to frequently stagnant sections or bypass >The Seoul Metropolitan Government has focused on improving the inconvenience of using buses due to irregular schedules. Thus, if the schedules of nine bus routes are kept well, this will greatly enhance the convenience of taking buses. Among the bus routes concerned, those with adjusted routes are No. 142, No. 2013, No. 2115, No. 3219, No. 6617, and No. 710, and those with reduced routes are No. 3418, No. 463, and No. 503.<Reduced long distance and redundant routes, and eliminated routes with less passengers and allocated to the busiest routes >The bus routes of No. 163 and No. 1218, currently operating long-distance and redundant routes, will be reduced, and buses operating on the routes with a small number of passengers  No.1146, No. 7719, No. 8441, and No. 8442  will be removed and allocated to those routes with many more passengers. <Integration of bus routes prone to damage by floods and routes that operate with no passengers for about 20km from the bus garage >Routes No. 41 and No. 4434 that previously operated from Jungnang Garage to Tancheon, with no passengers for 20km and used the Tancheon parking lot as a bus garage, will be integrated with the No. 242 route to raise efficiency while easing traffic congestion on the Jungnang-Gangnam route.  For more information, please call 2133-2282~5 or 415-4103. Detailed information on the adjusted bus numbers, routes, and travel stops can be found on the website of the Seoul Transportation Information Center (http://bus.seoul.go.kr) and the smartphone mobile website (m.bus.go.kr). 
With the holding of the ICLEI (International Council for Local Environmental Initiatives) World Congress 2015 just around the corner, mayors from all around the world are expected to visit Seoul. ICLEI was first convened at the UN headquarters, in New York, in 1990 and has been held every three years, making visible achievements by protecting the environment and ensuring sustainable development through local activities. Also, it connects local governments with the international community, supports the actions taken at a local level, seeks creative measures, and submits action plans formulated by local environmental groups, in relation to environmental protection, to the UN. The ICLEI World Congress 2015, which will be held from April 8 to 12, will become the worlds largest congress for discussing matters related to climate change and sustainable development, in addition to holding the significance of inviting more than 1,000 ICLEI member cities to Seoul with 10 million people. In order to cut carbon emissions, the main culprit of global warming, the Global Environment Guard will gather at Seoul Plaza. This campaign aims to herald the holding of the ICLEI World Congress 2015 while conducting an awareness campaign to reduce carbon emissions through daily practices  unplugging electrical cords, using recyclable cups, planting trees, and driving in an eco-friendly, efficient way. Moreover, the campaign will be held near the ice skating rink at Seoul Plaza and a photo event for families and friends, who show their willingness to partake in the campaign, will be conducted. For more information about the ICLEI: http://english.seoul.go.kr/policy-information/environment-energy/climate-environment/iclei/
The 2015 Seoul New Deal Job project will take off to provide practical help for our citizens and support participants to accrue work experience and skills during the period of their employment.This year, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has invested a total of KRW 18.13 billion to provide 1,397 New Deal Jobs, in which all participants, including youths, women, elderly, and the handicapped can participate, starting in March.<A New Model for Public Jobs, Seoul to Provide 1,397 Social Service-Type and Career-Building Internship-Type Jobs>The New Deal job is a new and improved concept of jobs from the temporary, wage supplement public jobs, with a focus on the social safety network of protecting the livelihood of the underprivileged that had been created in the past. Through this project, the Seoul Metropolitan Government seeks out public services necessary for Seoul citizens, provides jobs for citizens, and at the same time, supports the participants to enter the job market in the private sector.Particularly in 2015, a number of New Deal Jobs were created in relation to Seouls urban renewal project and the job project for the youths was expanded, who have a high rate of finding jobs in the private sector through these jobs. The New Deal jobs are largely divided into two categories: social service-type (10) and career-building internship-type (18).The social service-type New Deal Jobs are public service jobs, such as Seoul Energy Welfare Social Worker, an energy consultant for the energy poor, and Livelihood Tribune, who inspects invasions of peoples livelihood. These social service jobs are difficult to translate into jobs in the private sector. However, in case of the need to continue the project, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will support these workers by hiring them publicly, turning them into consignment businesses, or establishing a cooperative.The career-building internship-type New Deal Jobs are jobs that have a high possibility of translating into jobs in the private sector or startups, such as Life Tending Expert or Hearing-Disabled Surveillance Camera Monitor. For these jobs, the Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to continue and help the participants by providing job-related information and signing MOUs with related companies to hire the participants.<Youths: 693 Jobs with High Possibility of Working in the Private Sector, Such as Youth Marketer or Art Gallery Curator >By type of participant, a total of 693 jobs will be available for Youths, including the Youth Project and General Project. Positions include  Youth marketers, who establish distribution strategies for social enterprises and outstanding small enterprises (30 positions),  Structure technicians to procure interior space information and provide citizens with the 3D interior space DB (50 positions), and  Seoul Museum of Art Curators, who plan exhibitions and support academic research.This year, the Project to Foster Urban Renewal Leaders (64 positions) in the Urban Renewal Project, and Prompt AIDS Examination Inspector (25 positions) will begin AIDS inspection at newly created public health centers.Other than these jobs, projects for Life Tending Experts (30 positions), who manage animal breeding, Seoul Energy Planner (100 positions), Interior Environmental Consultant (10 positions), Living Discomfort Complaint Troubleshooter (20 positions) will recruit a certain number of youths to help them build career experiences.<Women: 200 Childcare Helpers / Handicapped: 12 Hearing-Disabled Surveillance Camera Monitors >For women with career discontinuity and those looking for jobs, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will select and deploy 200 Childcare Facility Helpers, who will provide public services, such as tutoring, meal preparation, and cleaning at local childcare centers and group homes.The Hearing-Disabled Surveillance Camera Monitors (12 positions) will be recruited for the first time in 2015. These positions utilize the keen visual skills of those people with hearing loss to monitor major accident-prone areas at the surveillance camera control centers in Seoul.< General: 492 Jobs, Including Reading Education Mentors, Citizen Job Planners, etc. All Eligible to Participate >In addition, 492 jobs will be offered to all who have difficulties looking for jobs regardless of age or sex. These jobs include  Reading education mentors (20 positions) to help students from low-income families at local childcare centers,  Visiting continuous education tutors (50 positions) in the humanities or culture and arts,  Childrens playground safety supervisors (15 positions) who perform safety inspections during the installation of facilities at childrens playgrounds,  Citizen cultural play class teachers (86 positions), who teach performance theory and practice,  Citizen job planners (87 positions), who help the underprivileged search for jobs, and  Culture and arts coordinators (26 positions), who are in charge of surveying culture and arts facilities or local cultural conditions.In addition, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will select 12 New Deal Job Managers, made up of experts from human resources and labor departments at companies or licensed vocational counselors. They will be assigned to the field to support the job searches of the participants in the aforementioned projects by finding companies that are looking to hire and providing employment information and work capability training through thorough analysis and consultation. Recruitment for the 28 categories of New Deal Jobs will be held by project between February and April. Seoul citizens over the age of 18, who are unemployed or have no regular income, are eligible to apply.Contact job.seoul.go.kr,02-1588-9142
Park Won Soon, mayor of Seoul, and Yoichi Masuzoe, governor of Tokyo, promised to cooperate in jointly addressing the issues of metropolitan areas. On February 3, Park and Masuzoe met at the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building and declared their intention to cooperate in six areas related to the livelihood of citizens and the urban economy  city safety, environment, welfare, sports & Olympics, tourism, and culture.This was their second meeting following Masuzoes visit to Seoul last July. In fact, this joint declaration has resulted in the Agreement on Exchange and Cooperation being concluded, which was signed in Seoul. 
Such a partnership is significant in that the two cities will share each others experience and administrative policies in a more substantial manner, for instance, the Seoul Metropolitan Governments focus on safety. After signing an MOU on technological cooperation with regards to sinkholes with Tokyo, both Seoul and Tokyo declared their intention to cooperate and share information on flood control and the anti-shock and deterioration of subways, bridges, buildings, and other infrastructure. Both cities will partake in joint fire-fighting training programs. Park also suggested holding an annual city safety forum on a regular basis.
In addition, in terms of the environment, measures to address global warming  technology exchanges and cooperation in the prevention of air pollution and the energy efficiency of architectural buildings  will be shared. In healthcare welfare, efficient actions to prevent low birth rate and strengthen the partnership regarding infectious diseases will be discussed further. In culture, exhibitions utilizing the collections of the Edo-Tokyo Museum and the Seoul Museum of History will be held, in addition to reciprocal exchanges of curators from the two museums.Mayor Park said, City safety and citizens issues do not show any boundaries nor ideology therefore, this meeting is expected to open a new chapter for active exchanges between Seoul and Tokyo, which have long been stagnant. Also, I hope the two cities will create a wise synergy by cooperating closely on city safety, environment, tourism, and welfare, and for resolving urban problems. After signing a sisterhood agreement in 1988, Seoul and Tokyo had then cooperated closely. However, the relations became strained for nearly ten years under the leadership of Shintaro Ishihara, former Governor of Tokyo, from 1999 to 2012. However, Yoichi Masuzoe, who took office in February 2014, officially visited Seoul in July 2014 as a means to normalize the relations between Seoul and Tokyo. Mayor Park held the Seoul-Tokyo Friendship Exchange Meeting with fifteen Japanese officials, who will give a variety of advice filled with great affection toward Seoul. The Seoul Metropolitan Government now appoints foreigners interested in administrative policies, and with experience of living in Seoul, so as to have them act as a resourceful network for constructive feedback and advice. It is currently comprised of 95 members from seven cities, including Beijing, Manila, Berlin, New York, Sichuan, Shandong, and LA. 
On February 3, Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon, who is currently touring Japan, gave a special lecture to some 300 students and citizens at Waseda University. Under the theme Seouls New Communication-Based Administration and City Diplomacy, the lecture lasted fifty minutes along with a forty minute Q&A session.
During the lecture, Park stated that an aging society, low birth rate, youth unemployment, and city regeneration are pending issues with which both South Korea and Japan are grappling and should be overcome together thus, if South Korea and Japan, with their many commonalities, cooperate and seek a consensus with an open mind, a whole new history and future will be guaranteed: the starting point of which will be city diplomacy.
Regarding the relations between South Korea and Japan, Park stressed the importance of reflecting on the past, facing the present, and stepping towards the future, and introduced the cases involving the actions taken by the European Coal and Steel Community (ECSC) and the European Union (EU), and the compensation and healing process for the victims of WWII led by a German foundation, Remembrance, Responsibility, and Future. He emphasized that it was essential that the two nations marched as one towards a brighter future, on the basis of sincere introspection, self-reflection, and reconciliation. Furthermore, he suggested establishing a New BeSeTo framework by forging consultative ties among Seoul, Tokyo, and Beijing, and claimed that such a consultative framework might lead to lasting peace and co-prosperity in East Asia, as well as tackling issues unsolved by the government from a city level. Park also shared his past experience as a human rights lawyer and a civic activist, as well as his current initiatives based on communication, such as communication-based administration and citizen engagement. Prior to the lecture, Park met with Korean faculty members and students in Waseda University and discussed ways to exchange academic knowledge between Waseda University and the University of Seoul, with Kaoru Kamata, President of Waseda University. 
The Seoul Metropolitan Government and the Korea Trade Investment Promotion Agency (KOTRA) will hold the Climate Change Project Export Counseling session, on April 8~12, at the ICLEI World Congress 2015, for foreign city officials visiting Seoul and domestic companies with eco-friendly and green technologies. Participating companies will be selected based on the marketability and competitiveness of their corporations located in Seoul, through document screening, quantity of orders, and preference of buyers.  Those companies interested in participating in the counseling session can apply at www.buykorea.org, on February 2~27. The counseling session will lay the groundwork for the penetration of foreign markets along with the eco-friendly and green industry, which has been gaining attention as an emerging industry, with the holding of the ICLEI World Congress 2015. The counseling will cover energy efficiency, disposal of waste, and air pollution control to water control, and participating companies will be given some benefits, including interpretation support, consultations with orders, and 1:1 counseling sessions with buyers.  In particular, by inviting 100 global buyers of high purchasing power, in addition to buyers from China, which show high demand for energy control technology, and mediating meetings with small- and mid-sized environmental service providers in Seoul, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will actively support Koreas eco-friendly small- and mid-sized companies in their bids to seize opportunities to enter the global market.Also, on the date of the counseling session, the Climate Change Forum (organized by KOTRA) will be held. Foreign orders will lead the briefing session, and the global environmental market trends and the overseas penetration strategy of Korean companies will be made public while transferring the know-how required for mid-sized companies to explore overseas markets. 
On February 2~27, seventy teams will be recruited to participate in the Hangang River Street Performance Artists 2015. The selected teams will perform from April 1 to July 31, and the best performers will be granted a period extension. Any individuals or teams willing to donate their talents, and bring joy to Seoul citizens in Hangang Park, can apply, and all genres  singing, magic, instrumental performances, dance performances, etc.  are possible. Teams (and individuals) who can perform more than three times a month in Hangang Park are more than welcome. Those who are selected to be performance artists will be given a street performance artist certificate, an incentive to be the best performer of the month, an opportunity to take part in the street performance festival held in July and August, a certificate to establish their volunteer activity, and activity fees (four hours per day, KRW 8,000 per person).With the street performance artist certificate, performers can perform wherever and whenever in Hangang Park, with the support of eleven Hangang Park information centers. The Hangang Park parking lot (one car per team) can be used and promotional activities for performances will be supported.   For more information and to apply contact:editorso@seoul.go.kr, 3780-0799.
Mayor of Seoul Park Won Soon made a point to visit a site in front of the University of Tokyo, which had been restored after a sinkhole had opened up in 2014. This was the first item on his agenda on the first day of his visit to Japan, which started on February 2, 2015. He was then briefed on the technology to respond to sinkholes by personnel from the Bureau of Construction of the Tokyo Metropolitan Government, with which he later signed an Administrative Agreement on Technological Exchange for Responding to Sinkholes. By signing this agreement, the Seoul Metropolitan Government is planning to capitalize on the opportunity to adopt Japans technologically advanced capacity for preventing sinkholes, a capacity some 20 years more advanced than Koreas. Based on practical and active exchanges, the plans are to transform Seouls policy. Instead of being reactive to sinkholes once they have formed, the focus will be on proactive, preventive action, thereby enhancing the safety of citizens.Through the agreement, the two city governments have agreed to build a strategic partnership for their citizens safety. The Seoul Metropolitan Government will receive, from the Tokyo Metropolitan Government, the methods of identifying the causes and conducting investigations on the break out of holes under road surfaces, how to draft a sinkhole manual, and the response and restoration measures to be taken upon the discovery of holes or outbreaks of sinkholes. In exchange, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government will receive an IT-based pot hole report system, which the Seoul Metropolitan Government is currently developing, among others. Moreover, they will engage in mutual staff exchanges for practical and technological exchanges. This agreement was initiated by the Agreement on Exchange and Cooperation between the Seoul Metropolitan City and Tokyo Metropolitan City  signed on July 23, 2014, which was followed by a working-level visit to the Tokyo Metropolitan Government (September 26, 2014), and an agreement to unconditionally exchange advanced technology against sinkholes. In this regard, the Tokyo Metropolitan Government expressed its intent to cooperate, with regards to sinkhole prevention technology, with the Seoul Metropolitan Government in the Basic Strategy for City Diplomacy signed on December 25, 2015.  Seoul Metropolitan Governments Taxi Pothole Report System<Adoption of Japans technological know-how in Bridge management monitoring systems>Meanwhile, Mayor Park visited Tokyo Gate Bridge and studied a bridge monitoring system (BRIMOS) developed and adopted by Japan. Tokyo Gate Bridge was built over an arterial highway some 2,618 meters long and 21 meters wide and connects to Haneda Airport. The bridge cost around  112.5 billion (approximately KRW 1 trillion) and was competed in 2012. Its unique structure earned it the nickname, Dinosaur Bridge.BRIMOS collects real-time data on displacement, acceleration and strain, and manages the condition of the bridge in real-time. Currently, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has a similar online monitoring system for ten bridges that cross the River Han, but it plans to adopt more advanced technology, including the large vehicle weight monitoring system to undergo pilot tests in Seoul so as to prevent damage to bridges due to overloaded vehicles.The Bridge Safety Department , newly installed for greater professional and systematic bridge management, in January 2015, will lead the efforts of the Seoul Metropolitan Government to actively adopt lessons from Japans rich experiences and to incorporate them into domestic policies on bridge repair and maintenance.After visiting the site, Mayor Park remarked, There is no greater lesson in city safety than advanced experience. He went on, About 40 percent of the bridges in Seoul is more than 30 years old, and therefore, we will devote our best efforts to the prevention of accidents through active technological exchange with the Tokyo Metropolitan Government, which has rich experience and sophisticated technology for the repair and maintenance of old bridges.
On February 2, Park Won Soon, mayor of Seoul, visited a site replete with sinkholes in Tokyo, Japan. He said, The financial self-reliance of Tokyo is similar to that of Seoul at around 80%, but Tokyo has been receiving approximately KRW 500 billion  9.5% of its total budget  of financial support from the government since 2008, making it possible to renovate the entirety of the citys antiquated sewer system, a root cause of sinkholes. Therefore, as Seoul City can not handle this issue without the governments assistance, the Korean Governments expansion of the scope of its subsidies is urgently required.
As the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) needs a total of KRW 4.05 trillion to renovate the deteriorated drainpipes, stretching about 3,700km, in areas with sinkholes, it is impossible to improve the sewer system within a short time thus, the SMG is slated to first replace some 932km of drainpipes more than fifty years old. However, the SMG still needs financial assistance in the region of KRW 256 billion. The budget necessary in 2015 is about KRW 230 billion, so the SMG asked for KRW 100 billion from the government, excluding Seoul Citys budget of KRW 130 billion, but only KRW 10 billion was allocated for renovations. In 2015, KRW 15 billion was earmarked, but KRW 5 billion was set aside for research on sewer systems therefore, the budget for the renovation was merely KRW 10 billion.As an attempt to come up with preventive measures, the SMG is planning to renovate antiquated drainpipes, purchase state-of-the-art exploration devices for underground exploratory activities, and use private exploration services (500km annually, 1,500km every three years). <Tokyos large-scale renovation of its outdated drainpipes and exploration activities using cutting-edge devicesless than 1% possibility of sinkholes leading to accidents>In the case of Tokyo, due to poorer geological conditions than Seoul, the effects of earthquakes, and deteriorated drainpipes, roughly 1,000 sinkholes used to be reported every year. However, the possibility of sinkholes leading to accidents is less than 1% now thanks to preventive measures, such as large-scale renovation of outdated drainpipes and exploration activities using state-of-the-art exploration devices.About ten years ago, Tokyo analyzed the mechanism of sinkhole development and identified a considerable increase in the occurrence of submerged sinkholes resulting from drainpipes that were more than thirty years old. Tokyo City has since then been actively renovating its outdated sewer system to avoid the reality of the fourteen times increase in sinkholes within fifty years prediction should renovations not be conducted properly.After extensively renovating the antiquated drainpipes, the percentage of sinkholes occurring has dropped drastically from 48% in 1999 to 28% in 2009. The total budgetary amount allocated for the management of Tokyos sewer system is KRW 6.95 trillion in total, ten times higher than Seoul at KRW 691 billion. <Seoul, half the antiquated drainpipes more than 30 years old are located in areas prone to sinkholes thus, they require immediate renovation>On the contrary, in Seoul, the total length of drainpipes is 10,392km (as of December 2013), and among them, drainpipes older than 30 years account for about 48.3% or 5,000km. In particular, 3,700km of outdated drainpipes are located in alluvial layer-areas that are prone to sinkhole formation thus, these pipes must be immediately renovated. According to last years research on submerged sinkholes in Seoul, the number of yearly cases involving either large or small sinkholes is around 681 (as of July 2014), and among them, sinkholes occurring due to Seouls antiquated sewer system take up about 85%. (Based on the sewer system statistics in December 31, 2013)Mayor Park said, As Seoul City has acquired cutting-edge exploration technology by signing an MOU on support for countering sinkholes with Tokyo, and if the renovation of outdated drainpipes is carried out as planned, the damage caused by sinkholes will be minimized as soon as possible. He also stressed, As the damage stemming from sinkholes is tantamount to that of a disaster, active support from the government in consideration of the local autonomys budget deficit is desperately needed. 
Park Won Soon, mayor of Seoul, visited two cities in Japan  Tokyo and Hokkaido  for six days, from February 1 to 6, 2015.As his first overseas trip this year, it will become a practice-oriented diplomacy mission focused on areas relevant to the livelihood of the public and the urban economy, such as safety, tourism, and urban regeneration. This trip is significant in that this year marks the 50th anniversary of the normalization of relations between Korea and Japan, and both Seoul and Tokyo will strengthen their citizen-centric urban diplomacy efforts, with the aim of addressing urban issues together.   Particularly, Park and Yoichi Masuzoe, governor of Tokyo, met for the second time to deepen further the partnership between Seoul and Tokyo. After opening the door to stronger ties between the two cities, which had been severed for the past ten years, during Masuzoes official visit to Seoul last July, Park made his return visit to Tokyo this time. At the Tokyo Metropolitan Government Building, Park and Masuzoe promised mutual and practical exchanges of information closely related to citizen livelihood, including safety, the environment, and tourism. In regards to city safety, Tokyo will transfer its know-how on technology and management, which has been accumulated over a long time, and Seoul will convey its know-how on the self-developed, IT-based pothole report system, in return. Commemorating the fifth anniversary of the signing of the friendship treaty between Seoul and Hokkaido, Park was officially invited to Hokkaido. Park met with Harumi Takahashi, governor of Hokkaido, as well as the majors and governors of Saitama, Sapporo, and Otaru to seek ways to expand the basis for exchanges between the cities in the foreseeable future. Mayor Park, on his way to Japan, said, In order to resolve the issues related to the lives of citizens, the international community should maintain and solidify exchanges between cities and citizens to aid collaborations beyond borders. He also added that Seoul and Tokyo will concentrate on conducting practical and substantial urban diplomatic ties, which would be is both cities common interests and will contribute to the betterment of the cities concerned.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will target Tokyo, the heart of Japan, with the aim of promoting tourism, one of the core axes of Seouls creative economy. Despite recent declining inbound tourists from Japan, it still remains Koreas second largest visitor, after China. In 2014 (as of November), approximately 2.11 million Japanese tourists visited Korea, which is second only to China, but the rates are declining for various reasons, including a weak Yen.On February 2, Park Won Soon, mayor of Seoul, hosted the 2015 Seoul Tourism Seminar in Tokyo, Japan , which was attended by some 100 participants from local travel agencies, related organizations and media, and promoted the citys latest tourism resources, tourism policy and MICE support program. A highlight of the seminar was that Mayor Park became a one-day tourist guide for Seoul and delivered a 20-minute presentation titled Seoul, a close and charming friend.In his presentation, he introduced Seouls new tourism resources, namely walking along the Seoul City Wall for which the city is pursuing its listing as a UNESCO world heritage, alleyways in Ihwa-dong and Seochon, areas that will unveil the citys hidden charms, the eatery alley Meokjagolmok to taste Seouls traditional foods, Dongdaemun Design Plaza (DDP), which has recently emerged as a new landmark, and Sevit Island.
He also held a meeting with executives from JATA (Japan Association of Travel Agents), where a relationship of friendly cooperation was forged through exchanges in 2014 (during their visit to Korea in February and August 2014), and pursued mutual cooperation to create a tourism boom in Seoul.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government will install a hotline with JATA, as a permanent communication channel, and offer a large-scale familiarization tour for JATA members to acquire hands-on experience of Seouls newest attractions. Furthermore, it will provide maximum comfort to encourage more tourists from Japan to attend festivals and events hosted by the city government and will also support the development of new products via prior consultations with JATA.
Mayor Park said, Although we are seeing a decline in the number of Japanese tourists traveling to Seoul, their interest and preference for Seouls culture are still high. He continued, Japanese tourists have a high tendency to re-visit Seoul, which is why we intend to devote our best efforts to promoting the attractiveness of our newest tourism resources and actively encouraging their return.
The Seoul Metropolitan Library will host the Hangeul Daily Calendar Exhibition, highlighting the beauty of the Korean alphabet, from February 3 to March 1, 2015, in the Special Exhibition Hall, on the first floor of the library building. The exhibition aims to promote the figurative beauty, excellence and artistic value of Hangeul, globally renowned for scientific excellence, by expressing the 365 days of the year using onomatopoeia and mimetic words. The exhibition will be open to the public during library opening hours.Inquiries: Seoul Metropolitan Library T. (02) 2133-0245
The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to carry out a project to establish creative playgrounds for children by Childrens Day, May 5, 2015. Seoul City carried out safety inspections of the 1,357 playgrounds in the city, and decided to replace the 29 that were found to be dilapidated or failed to meet safety requirements with new creative and adventure-oriented playgrounds.There are 33 others that were also found to fall short of safety requirements. Seoul City will renovate eleven of them with funding from the national treasury or relevant autonomous district offices, while replacing the remaining 22 with safe, creative playgrounds with unique features.Of particular note, three of the playgrounds will be rebuilt with the help of private organizations, such as Save the Children and the Korea Park Facility Association (KPFA), as well as with the participation of local residents. The opinions of children, parents, teachers, and landscaping experts were collected through discussion sessions and the Daum Agora Forum.The 29 new creative childrens playgrounds will be built and maintained based on the following guidelines: A total of 26 playgrounds located in parks are to be rebuilt as creative, adventure-oriented playgrounds.These 26 playgrounds will be rebuilt on a total land size of 33,610 square meters in seven autonomous districts with KRW 5.022 billion in funding from Seoul City. Construction work will begin toward the end of February or early March.
 Private organizations will play a leading role in the establishment of three playgrounds.These three playgrounds will be built with the positive participation of local residents. Save the Children, an international NGO that works to protect childrens rights and is engaged in rehabilitation and development activities in 120 countries, will pay the total cost of the construction. The plan includes the construction of two childrens parks (Sangbong Park and Sehwa Park) in Jungnang-gu. Save the Children will also hold a workshop and a recreational camp with the participation of local children and parents, and Seoul City and Jungnang-gu will provide relevant administrative support.Save the Children is an international, non-governmental organization that promotes childrens rights and is currently carrying out programs in more than 120 countries.
The remaining playground will be built with KRW 200 million in funding from the KPFA after the selection of a suitable site. This park will be designed for both children and adults. Ten criteria for good playgrounds are to be announced on Childrens Day.After considering the opinions of citizens and childrens organizations, Seoul City will announce ten criteria for good playgrounds on Childrens Day (May 5, 2015) in an effort to promote the improvement of playgrounds as spaces designed assist the development of childrens creativity.The factors that will be considered while drawing up the ten criteria include: the playground construction process, overall atmosphere, criteria for facility installation, safety, and function as a neighborhood facility, among others. A playground operation and management system will be established in cooperation with local residents and social enterprises.Seoul City also plans to create jobs related to the operation of the playgrounds that are located in parks, in cooperation with local residents and social enterprises. So far, the management of playgrounds has been left to local senior citizens association or volunteer workers.Seoul City will cooperate with related associations (social enterprises, senior centers, youth herb, and so on) to find people capable of managing the playgrounds on a part-time or full-time basis.Seoul City will also work with neighborhood communities and experts throughout the design, construction, and management phases of the playgrounds in an effort to ensure they serve as spaces for neighborhood collaboration. As for the 22 playgrounds that are to be dismantled by February 26, various programs, such as rope skipping and traditional plays, will be provided to fill the recreational void in the areas until the new playgrounds are completed. Park Play-100 is one such program. It was developed by Seoul City to promote the healthy growth and development of children through diverse outdoor activities and develop their sense of spontaneous cooperation with others. It was operated on a trial basis in 26 parks and playgrounds throughout Seoul in 2014.Furthermore, the inspections carried out in September and October 2014 showed that most childrens playgrounds in Seoul are in good condition, and 1,153 (85%) of them have been renovated since 2008.A survey was also carried out to gauge public satisfaction with Seouls playgrounds, and the resulting satisfaction score of 62.2 is lower than the average score for Seouls public parks (74.3, 2013). Forty-eight percent (578) of the 1,202 survey respondents pointed to the need for improvements in the operation and management of playgrounds. Other issues identified by the respondents included hygiene management (23.9%), safety management (22.8%), improvement of existing facilities (20.2%), and fostering a more pleasant atmosphere (13.3%).< A session for locals to express their opinions on neighborhood playgrounds ><Some examples of creative playgrounds >
A person  lets call her A  wanted to move to a place where schools and cram schools for her children, and large-scale supermarkets for shopping, were all located within close proximity, but she could not find such an area. Then, she learned about the Seoul Statistics Map, a service provided by the Seoul Metropolitan Government. Using this service, A found a few places where schools and cram schools were located within 500 meters and a large supermarket within 1,000 meters.Using various administrative statistical data, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will provide an Urban Statistics Map (http://stat.seoul.go.kr/initinfo), a service that provides people with information at a glance about the facilities that belong to eight types of business that are closely related to peoples everyday lives. Seoul is the first city in Korea to provide this service for citizens. The Urban Statistics Map is convenient because not only does it mark the locations of facilities on the map, but also users can check the facilities within 300m, 500m, and 1km specifically. The Urban Statistics Map provides statistical information about businesses and welfare facilities through visual data, such as maps and images, instead of charts and figures, which previously had been difficult to decipher.From over 1,000 types of businesses, in the government statistics, through collecting opinions from academics and experts, the Seoul Metropolitan Government selected eight types of business. These refer to food, shopping, medicine, education, living, culture, welfare, and finance, which are closely related to the livelihood of people.Citizens can use the Urban Statistics Map to check the level of living convenience of specific areas for various purposes. When starting a business, citizens can check the distribution of businesses and use the map as a basic source to analyze the commercial district in the area of their choice. When moving, they can also check the distribution of amenities and convenience facilities, as well as schools, shopping malls, and hospitals beforehand.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to turn the total 938m of the deteriorated elevated road near Seoul Station from a road for cars to a path for people. For the past 45 years, the elevated road has shared the glory and shame of our city. The elevated road will be connected to 17 pedestrian roads through Seoul Station Plaza and the area to the north of Seoul Station.< Considered historical and future value, new opportunities created through renewal >The elevated road near Seoul Station was rated D in the safety assessment of the Precision Safety Diagnosis in 2006. Given its high historical value as a legacy of the industrial era in Korea, and a high future value as the starting and terminal point of the Eurasian Railway, the Seoul Metropolitan Government has decided to renew the road to a space where people can relax and take strolls to create new opportunities instead of tearing it down.The overall renewal plan is to link the city center, within the four gates, to the underdeveloped region to the west of the elevated road near Seoul Station and Seoul Station, the international gateway into Seoul, where over 390,000 people and 75 bus lines pass through every day. Through this integrated renewal process, the government plans to revive Seoul Station as a Bridge of communication, a place where people can gather and gradually disperse into surrounding areas. By connecting and integrating the areas, traffic, and culture in the eastern and the western part of Seoul, which has long been disconnected, this proposal offers a new revival model for the dwindling local economy.  In particular, the construction of 17 pedestrian roads will open a new chapter of walking tourism in Seouls history by connecting areas popular with tourists, such as Myeong-dong and Namsan, as well as Seoul Station, through history, culture, and shopping. The Seoul Metropolitan Government plans to turn the Seoul Station area into a must-visit tourist attraction in Seoul along with Myeong-dong.Seoul Station 7017 Project AnnouncedThe Seoul Metropolitan Government announced the Seoul Station 7017 Project on January 29. The city government is holding an international contest, from January 29 to April 24, for the submission of construction designs to turn this plan into reality. The number 7017 is significant as it refers to  the historical elevated road created in 1970 and reborn in 2017,  the renewal of the elevated road from a road for cars in 1970 to 17 roads for people, and  a 17m-high elevated road created in 1970.The Seoul Station 7017 Project is largely focused on a significant improvement of the pedestrian environment through the renewal of the elevated road near Seoul Station,  revitalization of Namdaemun Market and promotion of urban renewal,  the remedy and resolution of problems related to communication, traffic, and safety.The Seoul Metropolitan Government established the Urban Renewal Headquarters to specify the details regarding a new paradigm for urban development called Seoul-Style Urban Renewal, instead of tearing down architecture as they had in the past. Regarding the elevated road near Seoul Station, the city government aims to create a role model for urban renewal projects that will trigger the revitalization of the Seoul Station area.The elevated road near Seoul Station is an important infrastructure in the history of the city and the lives of the people, said Seoul Mayor Park Won Soon. He also said, Instead of tearing it down and building new things, as we had in the past, we are planning on creating new value that will add to the lives of the people through urban renewal. We will pursue this renewal project of the elevated road near Seoul Station, along with our citizens, so that it can become a symbolic example of the changed paradigm for development in Seoul.
Starting on January 29, 2015, the Seoul Metropolitan Government instituted a stronger measure to improve the taxi service in Seoul and to deal with Seouls taxi drivers who refuse passengers, pick up multiple passengers, or demand an unfair fee.The first time taxi drivers refuse passengers within two years, they will be fined KRW 200,000 the second time, they will be fined KRW 400,000 and suspended for 30 days the third time, they will be fined KRW 600,000 and their licenses will be revoked. For cab companies, the number of licensed taxis and violations will be collected to calculate the violation index. In the worst case scenario, the government will be able to revoke their business license.Moreover, if a cab company provides a cab to a driver who does not belong to the company, their business license will be revoked even with a single violation. In order to improve the work conditions for cab drivers, the Seoul Metropolitan Government will fine KRW 10 million and revoke the business license of a company if it imputes the cost of gas and car crashes to the driver for three times.
Starting in February, the Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) is scheduled to provide 80,000 Empty Private Houses for Rent, a new type of rental house, by 2018. Through the Empty Private Houses for Rent program, the SMG will be providing lessors and lessees a maximum of KRW 250,000 each and up to KRW 500,000 in total for real estate brokerage fees while lowering the rental fees of private houses, as lessors are having a hard time finding tenants, to 90% of the market price. Promotional activities will be also supported via real estate portal sites. This housing program aims to solve the problems faced by landlords in securing tenants as well as to enable tenants to buy houses at lower than market value. This year, the SMG will provide 3,000 houses and increase this figure to 11,000 houses by 2018.  The roles of the institutions concerned are as follows: Seoul City supports real estate brokerage autonomous districts receive applications from the lessors of empty private houses and conduct verification of the first-round market price the Korea Appraisal Board conducts verification of the second-round market price and real estate portal sites promote houses, which are entitled to receive real estate brokerage support from Seoul City, via the Internet. Lessors with houses for exclusive use that offer a floor area of 85, and are priced at under KRW 250 million, can apply. Every type of rental fee will be set at less than 90% of the market value. In terms of monthly rentals that require a partial deposit, both the deposit and monthly rental fee will be set at under 90%.  
