The City of Helsinki arranged the Clean Vallisaari Innovation Competition in cooperation with Metshallitus. The competition received coverage and raised a lot of interest. The competition entries provided a good basis for the development of Vallisaari as a travel destination of clean technology.
The aim of the Clean Vallisaari Innovation Competition was to speed up the development of the island pair of Vallisaari and Kuninkaansaari as a travel destination,which combines the city planning and technology of the future with historical layers and respect for nature. At the same time, new business opportunities arise for
companies.
"City of Helsinki Mayor Jussi Pajunen notes ""Helsinki participates in the development of environmental technology. After all", we are a capital on the shore of the Baltic Sea and proud of our maritime characteristics," such as a long shoreline and our archipelago."""
"This competition is a good example of the City of Helsinki's activity in developing Vallisaari and Kuninkaansaari. The collaboration with Helsinki is very important to Metshallitus' nature services, in order to attract private investors to the islands along side the government funding", says Timo Tanninen, Head of Nature Services at Metshallitus.
Competition entries based on the originality of the islands A total of 12 competition entries were submitted to the Clean Vallisaari Innovation competition before the deadline. In all entries, the travel perspective and the originality of the islands were emphasised alongside the technical solutions. Almost every entry included some ideas or solutions that can be utilised in the development of the islands.
The expert jury, led by Bruce Oreck, has analysed the competition entries and made their decisions on the winners.
The competition jury estimated that two of the entries clearly stood out from the rest. As a result, the jury decided to split the prize money of 30,000 between the two entries, which are Virgin island and Precious Vallisaari.
Moreover, the jury presents a 2,000 Theme Award to the entry called My Vallisaari Experience. The entry called Haven Island receives an honourable mention and 1,500. An honourable mention and 1,500 is also given to the entry called Islanders.
After the competition, the planning continues in cooperation with the makers of the entries, technology providers and investors.
A video of the competition and all 12 competition entries are on display as posters on the Clean Vallisaari Innovation Competition exhibition at the Allas Sea Pool premises until 30 September 2016. Address: Katajanokanlaituri 2. The multi-purpose room is open from 10am to 6pm.
Helsinkis mobile tourist information advisors began their season on Helsinki Day, 12 June, and by the end of August they had served already 145,000 visitors. When does Lapland open?, Which is the sunniest terrace right now? These are just some of the actual questions that the Helsinki Helpers had to find answers for this summer.This summer visitors have been served by 22 Helsinki Helpers who between them speak a total of 14 languages: Finnish, Swedish, English, Russian, Danish, German, French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Polish, Chinese, Japanese and Korean.The Helsinki Helpers work in pairs throughout the city centre and have also been on hand to greet cruise ships as they arrive. Most visitors were served this summer at the Tourist Information desk inside the Central Railway Station and at the Info Container on Keskuskatu alongside the Ateneum Art Museum.
The Helsinki Helpers also used their Helper Mobile, a customised bike with a box in the front for carrying brochures, to serve as many visitors as possible.The busiest day of the summer for us was Monday 25 July, when three large cruise ships visited Helsinki simultaneously bringing with them approximately 9500 cruise visitors. Most of these one-day visitors were from the UK, USA, Italy, Spain and France, says Anni Lehtonen, one of the Helsinki Help supervisors.
Around 90 percent of the visitors served by the Helsinki Helpers are foreigners. The next biggest customer segment comprises local residents, who have become familiar with the Helsinki Helpers over the years and are now used to asking them for tips about events and restaurants, for example.
The Helsinki Help programme originally began as an employment scheme in 1995. These days the project is funded and made possible by the partner companies working together with the City of Helsinki.
Read more:www.visisthelsinki.fi
The Helsinki City Council has approved the project plan for Kruunusillat  Crown Bridges. The project plan comprises the construction of a tram connection between the Helsinki city centre and Laajasalo and three new bridges. The City Board voted for the proposal 132.The total estimated cost of the project is approximately 260 million euros. The most visible part of the project would be the three bridges, the longest of them  the 1.2-kilometre Kruunuvuorensilta  would be the longest bridge in Finland. In addition to trams, the bridges would serve cyclists, pedestrians and emergency vehicles.The tram connection, approximately 10 kilometres long, would run from the city centre to Yliskyl via Hakaniemi, Nihti, the Korkeasaari island (Helsinki Zoo) and Kruunuvuori.The tram connection would serve the needs of the extensive new housing under construction and to be built in Kruunuvuorenranta and Laajasalo. The number of daily passengers to Kruunuvuorenranta is estimated at 37,000. The number of cyclists and pedestrians is estimated at 3,000.One of the requirements for project implementation is the closure of the Hanasaari power plant in 2024, which has been approved by the City Council. The plant closure entails the termination of fuel shipments to Hanasaari, enabling the construction of the bridge connection.According to the project plan, construction could commence in 2018 and traffic over the entire connection in 2026.Read more:Crown BridgesKruunuvuorenrantaHelsinki to Build Landmark Bridge for Public Transportation
Helsinki Design Week 2016 is held 111 September. This year the annual festival consists of more than 250 events from many fields of design. The 2016 theme is Paremmin/Better.New main events include playful evening discussions at embassies under the title Design Diplomacy, the New Market sales event and Sauna Talks focusing on hot topics. The entire programme can be viewed on the Helsinki Design Week website.The main event HDW HOP  City installations presents 12 new works from individual designers, collectives and students in the city centre. They include Finnish and international makers who have been given the freedom to brainstorm ways to regenerate the city with design.Now in its 12th edition, Helsinki Design Week extends out onto streets and into parks, shops and galleries.Read more:Helsinki Design Week
Summer in Helsinki peaks in Helsinki Festival. This years festival opens on Friday, 19 August. The multicultural two-week festival offers unique cultural experiences to both Finnish and international audiences, ranging from classical music to popular and world music, from theatre to contemporary dance, from visual arts to childrens events. The Night of the Arts fills the city with culture on Thursday, 25 August. The festival closes on 4 September.The Poetry Moon and Art Goes Kapakka partner festivals again enrich the Helsinki Festival offering. The free programme includes the Night of Philosophy, the Helsinki Festival Club and Five Star Acts. The exhibition programme includes Niki de Saint Phalleat Kunsthalle Helsinki and Choi Jeong Hwa: Happy Together at the Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma.The Huvila Festival Tent stages performances on every night of the festival from 19 August to 4 September. The Huvila programme features 16 top-rate performances that offer something to everybody, including the legendary songwriter Jimmy Webb, the amazing sitar artist Anoushka Shankar, reggae star Ernest Ranglinand the progressive metal virtuoso Amorphis. Jazz enthusiasts are served by the Electroventure project by Verneri PohjolaandPascal Schumacher, and the LoveProge evening transports the audience back to the 1970s.The popular series of visiting symphony orchestras is joined by Simn Bolvar Symphony Orchestra of Venezuela conducted by legendary Gustavo Dudamel. The work of Romeo Castellucci, the controversial and uncompromising top name in European contemporary theatre, is seen for the first time in Finland.The powerful Go Down, Mosespromises to awe the audience with its stage images at the National Theatre.Read more:Helsinki FestivalProgrammeTickets
HAM is organising a participatory art project by Yayoi Kusama in Helsinki as a part of the In Infinity exhibition to be opened on 7 October. In the project an entirely white room will begin to change as its visitors stick self-adhesive dots on its surfaces. HAM is now looking for objects to decorate the interior of the room.Kusama is known for her dots that seem to spread everywhere. At first, the Obliteration Room will look like an ordinary room with solid white surfaces and objects. Gradually, as visitors place self-adhesive coloured dots in the room, the dots take over and the space turns from white to colourful.HAM is now offering you an opportunity to donate objects to decorate the room. Our goal is to create a room with forms that are familiar from Finnish homes. The deadline for suggesting furniture and other objects for the art project is 4 September 2016. You can leave your suggestions with a form that can be found at the bottom of this page.Each object selected for the art project will become part of the free-of-charge section of the In Infinity exhibition in the HAM Corner and be on display to delight visitors until 22 January 2017. The donors will also be invited to the invitational opening of the In Infinity exhibition and have the opportunity of being among the first visitors to add their dot stickers to the Obliteration Room. Also, HAM will give four free tickets to the exhibition to each person whose object is selected.We are looking for, for example, coffee cups, plates, cutlery, drinking glasses, books, a wall clock, vases, decorative objects, candleholders, picture frames in different sizes, plastic plants, a hobby horse, wooden toys, a highchair, a rag rug and a floor lamp. We are also looking for a dining table and chairs, a piano and a stool, a bookshelf, a chest of drawers/dresser, a desk and a chair, a sofa table, a rocking chair, a sofa and an armchair.You are free to suggest other furniture and objects, too.Yayoi Kusamas art project Obliteration Room has been travelling around the world. In Helsinki, the room will be set up in the HAM Corner, which is on the street level at Tennis Palace. Admission to HAM Corner is always free of charge.Read more:Helsinki Art Museum HAM
The White Hall in Helsinkis historical city centre opens for public use at the beginning of September. The opening event is a weekend music festival.The White Hall (Valkoinen sali) is an Empire-style space in the Tori Quarters of Helsinki, the Old Town between the Senate Square and Market Square. The hall is one of the few remaining old banquet spaces of Helsinki preserved in their original state. The hall is located on the third floor of the Helsinki City Museum building on the street of Aleksanterinkatu.The White Hall will host various corporate events on weekdays and serve as a cultural venue on evenings and weekends. The operations are managed by a group of urban culture leaders in Helsinki.The opening of the White Hall is celebrated 24 September, when the hall and the adjoining inner courtyards are filled by Bassline Festival. This festival was previously held in the Sinebrychoff park. In its new role, the hall will see a wide range of events.The White Hall can be rented for various corporate and private events. In addition to these, the hall will host club evenings, concerts and film screenings in the course of the autumn 2016 season.Read more:White Hall
Port of Helsinki Ltd and the city of Loviisa have negotiated selling a 60% majority of the shares of the Loviisa port company to Port of Helsinki Ltd. The purchasing price is to be 3.7 million euros. The city of Loviisa will retain ownership of the land and water areas, for which tenure is given to Port of Loviisa Ltd for 80 years.The purchase will expand the range of services offered by Port of Helsinki Ltd and allow the company to prepare for the increasing traffic in Southern Finland. Until now, Port of Helsinki Ltd has mainly offered services in passenger and unitized cargo traffic. The purchase will significantly increase the capacity of Port of Helsinki Ltd for unitized cargo and dry bulk transportation.The Port of Loviisa will strengthen its standing in the Finnish network of ports as it can develop its operations with help from the Port of Helsinki. In the long term, the arrangement will further the development of the port in accordance with the needs of its customers.The purchase must be approved by the Loviisa City Council before it can be signed. The purchase will take effect on 1 January 2017.Read more:Port of Helsinki Ltd
Welcome all citizens and our partners in cooperation to lay the foundation stone of Myllypuro Campus and celebrate the historical moment with us. Time: Saturday 24 September, 2016 at 12.0014.00. Place: Myllypurontie 1, Helsinki.
A brand-new campus will be built in Myllypuro, Helsinki for 6000 Metropolia students. The campus will be completed in two phases 2018-19.
The speakers are Helsinki City Mayor Jussi Pajunen, chairperson of the student union METKA's board Emmi Paajanen and Metropolia's Managing Director, President Riitta Konkola. Also Myllypuro Area Society's chairperson Anja Malm will bring greetings to the celebration.The society celebrates its 50th anniversary during the same day at 10-14 at the centre of Myllypuro.
Read more:
Metropolia
Helsinki slang songs, on-street waltzing, poetry, rap? Yarn bombing, baby cinema or even an art yurt? Whats on the programme for this years Night of the Arts? You decide!Help us organise the ultimate arts carnival in the Finnish capital. In addition to established contributors, such as the citys museums, book shops, theatres and cultural centres, Helsinki Festival is now encouraging every single Helsinkian to discover their own inner artist. This year, you can get involved in creating the Night of the Arts as well as experiencing it.Read more
A new section of Helsinkis strategic cycling corridor network is now under construction between the Ratapihantie road and the Kpyl rail station. This section, the northern cycling corridor, is part of the cycling corridors on the main railway line.The construction of a network of cycling corridors  express cycling ways (called baana in Finnish)  is part of the overall plan to render cycling in Helsinki an increasingly smooth and appealing alternative for longer journeys, in order that the City of Helsinkis goals for cycling can be achieved. Helsinki aims to increase the share of cycling of all journeys made in the city. The Helsinki City Board approved the plan for the northern cycling corridor at its meeting on 9 May 2016.The northern cycling corridor will be built at the main railway line in the railway yard area and in the Louhenpuisto park. The work was begun with the clearing of trees. The construction will involve extensive rock removal right at rail tracks. The removal must be carried out in small parts at nighttime during agreed breaks in train traffic. The rock removal timetable will be announced to area residents.Pedestrian and cycling paths in the Louhenpuisto construction site area must be closed for the duration of the work. A detour will run through the roads of Keijontie and Ilmattarentie.The northern cycling corridor now under construction will be 4 metres wide. The integrated pedestrian lanes will be 2 metres wide except for the section at the rock, where the lane width is 1.25 metres. The cycling lanes will be paved with red asphalt and the pedestrian lanes with regular asphalt. The corridor will be illuminated with state-of-the-art and efficient LED lights.The construction work will be completed in the autumn of 2017.See the plan here >>The northern cycling corridor in the 2016 cycling map:
The City of Helsinki applies to host the Velo-city conference of 2019. This international conference focuses on cycling and transport and traffic planning. The Helsinki City Board made a unanimous decision for the application on Monday, 15 August. If Helsinki is chosen to be the host city of Velo-city 2019, the conference will be held at Finlandia Hall in May.The themes of Velo-city are promotion of cycling, transport and traffic planning and policy, advancement of cycling-related business activity and marketing, and cycling from the perspectives of national health and tourism. The 2019 conference is expected to attract 1,500 participants from around the globe.Helsinki emphasizes in the application the Citys systematic promotion of cycling and Helsinkis good conference capabilities. Hosting Velo-city would give Helsinki a good opportunity to obtain international visibility for its positive city image and high-standard city planning. The cost to the City incurred from hosting the conference would be 456,000 euros.The Velo-city conference has been organized biennially since 1980, alternating between Europe and other parts of the world. The 2017 conference will be held in Arnhem-Nijmegen, Netherlands, and the 2018 host will be Rio de Janeiro. The organizer of Velo-city is the European Cyclists Federation, an umbrella organization for European cycling communities that promotes cycling as a sustainable and healthy means of transport.Helsinki applied to host Velo-city 2015 but was defeated to second place in the final vote. Helsinkis opportunities to earn the 2019 conference are considered favourable.
Read more:Velo-city
The Metro now runs at shorter intervals than before, and Metro trains have only four cars so they no longer fill the entire length of the platform. Platforms are marked with signs indicating where the trains stop. The reforms pave the way for the extension of Metro service to the west.At peak times on weekdays, the Metro operates at 5-minute intervals on the routes RuoholahtiVuosaari and KamppiMellunmki, so that the headways on the KamppiItkeskus section are 2.5 minutes. On Saturdays and during the daytime on weekdays, the headways are 34 minutes on the section RuoholahtiItkeskus and 7.5 minutes on the eastern sections. The evening and Sunday headways are 5 minutes on the section RuoholahtiItkeskus and 10 minutes on the eastern sections.
At peak times, Metro trains from Mellunmki to the west turn around at Kamppi. Passengers from Mellunmki to Ruoholahti can transfer to a train travelling to Ruoholahti at the Kamppi station. Outside peak times, all trains travelling from Mellunmki to the west run to Ruoholahti.Because of the shorter headways between Metro trains, the average wait times at stations are also shorter, but the service is increasingly vulnerable to interruptions such as trying to board a train as the doors are closing, which causes delays. To avoid delays, platforms are marked with sticker signs indicating where trains do not stop, to enable passengers to wait for approaching trains at right locations. Metro-car doors are also marked with reminders for passengers to allow the doors to close. To keep their schedules, trains cannot wait for passengers.The entire Metro signage system will be renewed later in the autumn. The appearance of the signage will support the overall Helsinki metropolitan public transport system, but the main colour of the Metro signage will still be orange.Traffic on West Metro  the extension of Metro service from Ruoholahti to the west  did not start on 15 August as originally planned. However, the shorter frequency and shorter trains were introduced on 15 August according to the original plan. Feeder-bus timetables were also changed accordingly on 15 August. The 2.5-minute headways were successfully tested on the Metro in June.Read more:Switch to winter timetables  changes to several routes
The 22nd Art goes Kapakka -festival takes place on August 18th to 27th. The festival starts with the legendary Tour of Choirs. Over 2200 singers gather on Senate Square to perform together at 7pm. After the concert, the choirs spread out to the city to sing in the festival restaurants.
For ten days the festival brings exciting events to Helsinki by introducing some of Finlands top artists together with some new interesting names. All 369 events are free of charge.Art goes Kapakka brings all kinds of events to the restaurants the festival is full of music, dance, theatre and other performing arts.Maista (Taste) Art goes Kapakka introduces a world of tasty treats, current themes and sprinkling restaurant culture. Come to hear and taste what the contemporary Finnish cuisine has to offer (discussions in Finnish only).Tsiigaa Art goes Kapakka brings a broad and interesting collection of visual arts to the restaurants. The theme of this years collection is own taste  best taste.The program: www.artgoeskapakka.fi/en/Art goes Kapakkas program can now be found on Eventmore mobile app.
Discover the rich urban nature of Helsinki with its numerous activities, daytrips and attractions. Get your own map at the Helsinki Tourist Information.
You can also download them through these links (pdf-files):Printer friendly A4-version in English
Brochure versionFurther information about natural attractions in and around Helsinki is available from Helsinki Tourist Information (Pohjoisesplanadi 19), including how to get there and schedules for ferries and buses.www.visithelsinki.fi
Helsinki region public transport will switch to winter timetables on 15 August. There will be changes to several routes. The biggest changes to bus routes will take place in Lauttasaari.Up-to-date timetable information is always available in the Journey Planner (reittiopas.fi). Use the timetable search to get stop-specific timetables for your routes and stops.
In addition, printed timetable leaflets for each route are available onboard and at service points. HSL does not public an autumn timetable booklet.
Printable timetables (PDF)Contrary to previous plans, bus routes in South Espoo will remain mostly unchanged because the Metro extension from Ruoholahti to Matinkyl is delayed. Bus routes will change in Lauttasaari but there will be direct bus links to Espoo, Kamppi and the city center also in the future.Use the following links to view the winter timetables:
http://aikataulut.reittiopas.fi/talvi/linjat/fi/bus.html
http://aikataulut.reittiopas.fi/talvi/pysakit/fi/Changes to the Metro services from 15 AugustThe Metro will operate more frequently from 15 August 2016. At peak times, the Metro will run every 2.5 minutes between Kamppi and Itkeskus.Monday to Friday peak times:
The Metro will operate on two lines (Ruoholahti-Vuosaari and Kamppi-Mellunmki) at five-minute headways so that at the shared section of route (Kamppi-Itkeskus) the headways are 2.5 minutes. In the east, every other train goes to Vuosaari, every other to Mellunmki as at present. In the west, every other train turns around at Kamppi, every other at Ruoholahti.Saturdays and Monday to Friday daytime:
Headways between Ruoholahti and Itkeskus 3-4 minutes. In the east (Itkeskus-Vuosaari and Itkeskus-Mellunmki), 7.5-minute headways.Evenings and Sundays:
Headways between Ruoholahti and Itkeskus will be 5 minutes. In the east (Itkeskus-Vuosaari and Itkeskus-Mellunmki), keskus 5 minutes.Changes to train services from 15 AugustThere will be no major changes to HSL area commuter trains. The D train running at peak times will stop at Kerava but no longer at Tikkurila from 15 August.In addition, K trains will be replaced by N trains on weekday evenings, Saturday mornings and evenings as well as on Sundays. From 15 August, K trains will run approximately 6am-7pm and on Saturdays 10am-6pm. At other times, N trains run between Helsinki and Kerava. Following the change, there will be more frequent services to/from Tapanila, Pukinmki and Kpyl, for example on Sundays.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport HSL
Exhibition St. Petersburg through the eyes of the angels: a view from St. Isaacs will take place in Helsinki Cathedral in 23 August  4 September 2016.St. Isaac's Cathedral in St. Petersburg and Dome Cathedral in Helsinki are the city's architectural dominants, decorations of the northern capitals and a place of pilgrimage for the absolute majority of tourists. It is difficult to deny that these churches have much in common: exterior similarity and the fact that the construction of the temples was carried out in one and the same time.In the exhibition you will see fantastic panorama of St. Petersburg, captured from the colonnade of St. Isaac's Cathedral. Author of the exhibition - a photographer Evgeniy Mokhorev.Evgeniy Mokhorev made a series of photos from the balustrade of St. Isaac's Cathedral, where 24 figures of angels are located in summer 2011. During several nights of June he used to go up to a height of 61 m and take pictures of the city," capturing the very moment when ""...the dawn after the sunset hastens  and a half-hours for the night "" [Alexander Pushkin].The project is unique and it allows you to see the brilliant St. Petersburg White Nights season from a bird's-eye perspective. The exhibition has already been shown in France", Poland, China, Estonia, Azerbaijan, Latvia and in several Russian cities.
Children will protest in Helsinki to save the Baltic Sea on Saturday, 27 August, by marching through the city centre. The march will proceed from the Senate Square at 12 noon towards the Kansalaistori (citizens) square in the Tl Bay area.The procession stops at the pier of the Old Customs Warehouse to hear the story of research vessel Muikku, which has been used to study the state of the sea in recent years. The procession bids farewell to Muikku, which will depart to be demolished, and proceeds to Kansalaistori to join a Baltic Seathemed event. The two-hour event with a diverse programme including information and entertainment runs from 13 to 15 (13 p.m.).The event is joined by the Finnish Society for Nature and Environment (Natur och Milj), the Finnish Environment Institute SYKE, the City of Helsinki Youth Department, the Finnish Nature League (Luonto-Liitto), the Harakka Nature Centre and the Finnish Divers Federation (Sukeltajaliitto). The audience is entertained by Lee Angel,Ronya,Aarne Alligaattori and a youth band from the Komp music camp. The event is hosted by journalist and radio-and-TV host Peter Petski Westerholm.
The Childrens Baltic Sea Protest is a project initiated by Vera and Isak Merilinen, aimed at giving children a voice in the Baltic Sea dialogue. Vera and Isak authored an opinion-page article that was published in July 2014 in the Finnish daily papers Helsingin Sanomat and Hufvudstadsbladet. The authors expressed their disappointment with the poor water quality of the sea, and the Finnish Society for Nature and Environment acted as a result.The first Baltic Sea protest was held in the spring of 2015. The success of that event inspired the new event to be held at Kansalaistori on 27 August, which marks the day of Finnish nature.Read more:Childrens Baltic Sea Protest
Helen is seeking new partners for local renewable energy production projects. Selected project partners will receive a total of EUR 50,000 in financial aid.Helens renewable energy support campaign is aimed at the public sector, associations and communities, and to businesses operating in the utilities sector. The objective of the campaign is to increase renewable energy production together with the project partners.- We are seeking public actors or private businesses operating in the utilities sector wishing to use renewable energy in their own operations and business premises in the Helsinki region, explains Helens project manager Niko Willman.  We hope that through the public application procedure we can find partners and project areas that may otherwise be overlooked.Helen will carry out the necessary investigations to choose a suitable microgeneration system and deliver it with a service model, which is to be agreed on with the project partner. The project partners, in turn, will designate a suitable installation site for the system in their property and draw up a service contract on system acquisition with Helen. The additional aid offered by the campaign will reduce the price difference of renewable energy and purchased electricity. The agreed service model will also enable acquisition of the production system without major one-off investment.Project funding utilises the funds accrued in Helens Environmental Penny account, which Helen has generated together with its customers. The principle of the Environmental Penny project is to spend the proceeds of the account in full on energy investments that reduce carbon dioxide emissions and on increased use of renewable energy production forms. Now, the funds accrued in the Environmental Penny account enable the introduction of local production and promote climate-neutral energy economy.Helen makes significant investments in renewable energy and distributed energy productionHelen's Suvilahti power plant, which started production last year, has been built with the proceeds of the Environmental Penny project. Helen has also made other major investments in renewable energy and distributed energy production: for, example, a pellet-fired heating plant in Salmisaari and a new industrial-scale heat pump plant are currently on the drawing board.- A climate-neutral energy system is built together with customers with small and large steps. Local microgeneration makes renewable energy visible to the city residents and even closer to the end users of energy, Willman points out.
Read more
The school year opens in Helsinki on Thursday, 11 August. The City of Helsinki marks the opening by stepping up traffic safety for children.The Helsinki City Board decided earlier this year to put a special emphasis on the traffic safety of children on their way to school and back. The locations of schools and playgrounds are made clearly visible to drivers and other users of roadways to avoid accidents.The Citys Education Department and Department of Early Education and Care join forces and organize a striped knights campaign (Raitaritarit  Rndernas riddare in Finnish and Swedish). Volunteers dressed in the black-and-white striped shirts of ice hockey referees make sure at pedestrian crossings that school children can cross safely.The campaign is carried out in cooperation with the Liikenneturva traffic safety association, the IFK Helsinki ice hockey team, Helsinki Ice Hockey Referees, the Uusimaa chapter of the Mannerheim League for Child Welfare, and the Police. Parents of 1st to 6th graders are also invited to volunteer.Schools provide more information on how to join the campaign. The campaigns Facebook page is used to send invitations to volunteers. Volunteers report at schools at the beginning of the school day and obtain further instructions for their service at pedestrian crossings.The striped knights primarily work in the vicinity of schools in the inner city and at schools with dangerous transport connections. The pedestrian crossing service is joined by players of Helsinki IFK and the Finnish ice hockey league.Read more:School year begins
The Itkeskus, Jakomki, Pirkkola and Yrjnkatu swimming halls  all owned by the City of Helsinki and operated by the Sports Department  reopen in August after a summer break. The first swimming hall to open its doors to the public is the Itkeskus hall on Monday, 8 August, to be followed by the Pirkkola hall on 15 August and both the Jakomki and Yrjnkatu halls on 29 August.
All four swimming halls are refreshingly different. The Itkeskus hall has been renovated during the summer break to better serve customers, for example, by replacing tiles, wooden parts and railings in the saunas. In addition, the Itkeskus halls weekend hours have been extended: the hall opens doors for morning swimmers as early as 7:00 on both Saturdays and Sundays.
The crown jewel of the City swimming halls, the spa-like Yrjnkatu hall, offers guests a variety of saunas in addition to the joy of swimming: there is a sauna with a wood-burning stove and another one with an electrically heated stove, a sauna that can be booked for private parties, and an infrared sauna. The Pirkkola hall is located in the immediately vicinity of the Helsinki Central Park with its many outdoor opportunities. The compact Jakomki hall delights guests with its cozy atmosphere.
The swimming halls also offer water aerobics, and the Itkeskus, Jakomki and Pirkkola halls are equipped with gyms for use by the public.
Read more:Itkeskus swimming hallJakomki swimming hallPirkkola swimming hallYrjnkatu swimming hall
Helsinki HELride is a free of cost event that gathers the fans of skateboarding to enjoy the skills of domestic and international professionals. HELride is a three-day event that begins on Friday 5 August and ends on Sunday at Kamppi Narinkkatori, where Urban Street Festival takes place.
HELride prolongs the tradition that last years Helsinki Hookup started in Helsinki. The festival draws interest both in Finland and abroad with its profound organizational experience as well as high quality stages and foreign professionals. The event focuses on the streets of Helsinki, where the art of skateboarding is born. HELride is the only international skateboarding event in Finland.
On Friday 5 August the race will be located on the front yard of Kiasma between 5 and 7 pm. The best of Finnish skateboarders and international top figures portray their skills. On Saturday 6 August HELride first goes to Kallio Block Party and later in the evening continues with Monster Death Race at Suvilahti.
On Sunday 7 August HELride joins the Urban Street Festival at Narinkkatori between 12 and 6 pm with chill afternoon sessions in the program.
Further information:
HELride
Helen (in Finnish)
The Helsinki energy company Helen Oy seeks partners for locally produced renewable energy. The partners selected for the projects are subsidized with a total of 50,000 euros.
The campaign of monetary support is targeted at the public sector, associations and other organizations as well as non-profit companies. The goal of the campaign is to increase renewable energy production.
Were looking both for public actors and for private actors operating on non-profit principles, who are seeking to use renewable energy in their operations and in their facilities in the Helsinki region, says Helen project manager Niko Willman.Were hoping that the public application process allows us to find partners and projects that might otherwise be overlooked, Willman explains.
The project is financed from Helens penny for the environment fund, which has been built up by Helen together with Helen customers. The underlying principle of the fund is to use the proceeds for energy investments that reduce carbon dioxide emissions and help to increase the use of different forms of renewable energy.
Helen is fully owned by the City of Helsinki.Read more:
Helen and renewable energy
Traffic in the Hermanni area of Helsinki will be disrupted on Friday and Saturday, 56 August, starting on Friday evening, because of the vast Weekend Festival  WKND Helsinki 2016  to be held in Kylsaari.The street of Kylsaarenkatu will be closed between Haukilahdenkatu and Verkkosaarenkuja from 22:00 to 06:00. Motor vehicles will be re-routed to Hermannin rantatie. Pedestrians and cyclists will also be guided to Hermannin rantatie.Festival goers are advised to use public transport to and from the festival area.The metro will run two hours longer than regular on both festival nights. The last train from Kalasatama, the closest metro station to the festival area, departs to Ruoholahti at 01:24, to Vuosaari at 01:29, and to Mellunmki at 01:34.The L and N trains will have extra late-night service on both festival nights.Bus H55 will run on an exceptional route on both nights from 22:48 through midnight, missing the sections near the festival area on Srnisten rantatie and Hermannin rantatie.Helsinki Region Transport recommends that festival goers purchase a mobile ticket or a one-day ticket in advance, as metro stations will be crowded before the event and especially after the festival closes.Read more:
WKND Helsinki 2016 festival
Helsinki Region Transport, tickets
The population of Helsinki was 628,208 at the turn of the year 2016. The population grew by 7,493 during 2015, which was slightly less than in the three previous years. The difference between births and deaths increased the population by 1,881, which was slightly up from 2014. Helsinki also gained residents from abroad and from Finland outside the Helsinki region. The population of the Helsinki region grew by 17,600 the population of the whole nation grew by 15,500. The growth was focused in the Helsinki region even more strongly than in previous years.The share of 15- to 29-year-olds continues to be emphasized in Helsinki compared with the Helsinki metropolitan area and the rest of Finland. The number of people aged 65 and above and those in comprehensive school increased, as did their share of the population. The number of children grew owing to the fairly small regional migration loss and migration gain from abroad. The number of people aged 65 and above grew owing to the general aging of the population.The population grew in all Helsinki districts apart from stersundom, the most rapidly in the Central and Southern districts. In JanuaryMay 2016, the Helsinki population grew by nearly 3,000, down by 50 from the same period in 2015.Migration gain from outside the region grew, migration loss to neighbouring municipalities increasedMigration loss from Helsinki to the other municipalities of the Helsinki region, typical of Helsinki, peaked in 2005, when it was 4,800. The migration loss began to contract in 2008, but last years migration loss at 1,587 was larger than in 2014. However, Helsinki gained more people from elsewhere in Finland than ever since 2001, that is, 5,151.The migration gain from abroad to Helsinki was 1,983, down by 800 from the previous year. The rapid growth in the number of asylum seekers since late summer 2015 is not reflected in the numbers. The asylum seekers granted residence will be assigned to municipalities and reflected in municipal population numbers only afterwards.The number of births in Helsinki was 7,016 in 2015, which is more than ever since 1970. The number of deaths was 5,135, up by 86 since last year. The number of births per female resident was 1.3, which is 0.35 less than the national number. The life expectancy of a newborn Helsinki male was 78.1 years in 2015 and that of a female 83.6 years. Life expectancy has continued a steady growth. It has remained somewhat below the national numbers, but the gap has narrowed in recent years. However, local differences in life expectancy inside Helsinki continue to be large.More than half of couples are childless, the number of single-person households is significantMore than half of all couples were childless, 30 percent of them married and 21 percent unmarried. Households with children numbered 75,927, and in 21 percent of them the children were aged 18 or above. In 79 percent of families, at least one of the children was younger than 18, and 43 percent of families had at least one child under school age. 28 percent of families had only one parent. Nearly half of all households (48%) were single-person households, and 25 percent of Helsinki residents lived alone. Living alone is far more common in Helsinki than elsewhere in Finland.Foreign-born population continues to growThe number of residents speaking some other language than Finnish, Swedish or Sami (the official languages of Finland) as their first language rose to 14.0 percent. The main foreign languages spoken as the first language were Russian (17,176), Estonian (11,921) and Somali (8,676). These languages represented 43 percent of all foreign languages. An increasing share of Helsinkis population growth takes place among the foreign-born population. 9.2 percent of the Helsinki residents were foreign nationals.The Helsinki region consists of the municipalities of Espoo, Helsinki, Hyvink, Jrvenp, Kauniainen, Kerava, Kirkkonummi, Mntsl, Nurmijrvi, Pornainen, Sipoo, Tuusula, Vantaa and Vihti.Further information:Pekka Vuori +358 9 310 36300, pekka.vuori(at)hel.fi
Netta Mki +358 9 310 36373, netta.maki(at)hel.fiPublication:Helsingin vest vuodenvaihteessa 2015/2016 ja vestnmuutokset vuonna 2015. City of Helsinki Urban Facts, Statistics Series 2016:23. Pdf-publication.
The Pasila station area has for long been a vast construction yard. Under construction are a new rail station, a new track and a new platform. By 2020, the site will be home to Finlands largest shopping centre, a hotel and residential buildings.Right now, underground parking is under construction, and foundations are built for the new track and the buildings. Traffic on the Pasila bridge and in the vicinity of the station is stopped 26 times per day for earth-shaking blasts.Blasts that disrupt rail traffic are mostly carried out in the nighttime, but in case blasting has to be carried out during the day, the blasts are timed so that they cause minimum disruption to rail transport, says Seppo Laaksonen, who is in charge of traffic control.Pasila rail station replaced with a temporary stationThe upheaval also affects the vicinity of the rail station and the lives of passengers. The eastern wing of the old station building is now almost gone, and the demolition of the rest will begin in the summer 2017.A temporary rail station will be built over the platforms on the northern side of the current station. It is expected to be in place at the turn of the year. The temporary station will allow access both to the platforms and to the street of Ratapihantie by elevator and stairs.The new rail station will be completed in 2019.New rail track to serve expanding transport volumesPasila is Finlands second busiest rail station, which today serves more than 1,000 trains and 60,000 passengers on a weekday. The population of the Helsinki metropolitan area is estimated to grow by 400,000 in the next few decades. As a consequence, the Pasila station is expected to serve 100,000 daily passengers in 2035.The additional rail track will increase the Pasila stations platform capacity, enable more train service and ease the overall flow of traffic. The Pasila station affects rail transport in the whole nation. Disruptions in freight transport will also be reduced when passenger trains run better on schedule. Further, rail transport is an eco-friendly and efficient form of public transport.The additional, western track and its platform are the last additions accommodated by the Pasila station. There will be no more space above ground.Tripla kiosk allows spectators to view the construction siteThe YIT construction companys information kiosk, the Tripla kiosk, serves the public at the current Pasila station next to the bridge. The kiosk provides additional information and allows people to see what is happening at the site. The Tripla kiosk is open 715 on weekdays until the end of August. The kiosk has a model and renderings of Central Pasila in 2020.Read more:Additional, western track in Pasila under construction, Finnish Transport Agency
New Pasila, Helsinki New Horizons
Tripla project, YIT
Pasila station construction and movement in the area
The Finnishcourses.fi service contains plenty of courses at various levels and of various lengths in the area of Helsinki. You can find courses offered by several training providers via the service and browse the information in Finnish, English or Russian.
You can find autumn courses when searching for course information by start date. First, select an area and then enter a date, for example, 01.08.2016.
Remember to enrol by contacting the training provider directly.Read more:
finnishcourses.fi/en
Infopankki
The street of Iso Roobertinkatu will be renovated in the section between the streets of Fredrikinkatu and Yrjnkatu, that is, the pedestrian section of the street. The work will begin in September 2016. In the autumn, the municipal infrastructure under the street surface and the street base materials will be replaced.The renovation work will be halted in December 2016 because of adverse weather conditions. The work will be resumed in March 2017, with the installment of new stone pavement, equipment and street furniture. The work will be completed in the summer 2017.The goal is to upgrade the pedestrian street, turning it into a pleasant and functional commercial street. The street should complement the cityscape with high-quality design and implementation, paying respect to the history of the place and the general features of Helsinkis outdoor public places.The renovation is a pilot site for a project assessing the climate impact of investments and for the Climate Street project.The renovation will be conducted in accordance with a street plan approved by the Public Works Committee.
From 19 August to 4 September 2016, the Helsinki Festival will once again provide a broad spectrum of international top names, rising talents, multi-artistic works, atmospheric evenings in the Huvila Festival Tent and unexpected events throughout the city. The extravaganza will bring together metal and folk music, raves and classical music, magic and circus arts, hip hop and the Helsinki Music Centre, and philosophy and Kiasma Museum of Contemporary Art.The largest arts festival in Finland and the Nordic countries will feature, among others, Romeo Castellucci, the uncompromising king of modern theatre, Ernest Ranglin, who performs in Huvila Festival Tent as part of his final tour, and superstars of classical music, including Lang Lang and Gustavo Dudamel at the head of the Simn Bolvar Symphony Orchestra of Venezuela. Out on the streets of the city, passers-by will be surprised by Choi Jeong Hwas Night of the Arts installation and Fernando Rubios bed performance.The Helsinki landmark, Huvila Festival Tent, celebrated its 20th anniversary last year and once again, this summer, offers big names, soulful compositions and unique evening events.From 20 August to 30 October, an exhibition featuring the iconic works of feminist artist Niki de Saint Phalle (19302002) will be on display at Kunsthalle Helsinki. The exhibition will showcase her joyful and colourful sculptures and bold collages. Saint Phalles radical artistic methods and social message speak directly to our times as well.The works of American Alec Soth (born 1969), one of the most talked-about photographers of the 2010s, will be featured at the Finnish Museum of Photography from 25 August 2016 until 8 January 2017.The maritime installation by Choi Jeong Hwa will rise up in Senate Square on Night of the Arts on 25 August. The installation is created using recycled plastics and draws attention to both the state of the Baltic Sea and the massive amount of plastic debris floating in the worlds oceans.Runokuu will look to the future on 2228 August, Viapori Jazz will jam out at Suomenlinna on 2327 August and Art goes Kapakka will make appearances in Helsinki restaurants during 1827 August. Ticket sales for the Helsinki Festival open on Wednesday, 20 April.Read more:
Helsinki Festival
Programme
myhelsinki
Helsinki is preparing a new model for resident participation and interaction. Tell us your opinion in the survey on the web or on a paper form available at several library units. Residents can apply for the joint development days until the end of July.Eighty participants will be selected among the applicants. They will take part in deciding about ways in which residents will be able to influence things in Helsinki in the future. You can apply for the days, organised Friday and Saturday 23 September, until the end of July by filling in the form at digi.hel.fi/participation_model.
In the Kerrokantasi web survey we ask residents to provide comments on the methods of participation and interaction. At the same time we ask questions about the promotion of cooperation and the flow of information and what kind of things the City ought to be preparing in cooperation with the residents. The survey is open until 31 July.The survey can also be filled in on paper forms, available at several library units and Virka Info at the Helsinki City Hall, Sofiankatu 1.
The answers gathered through the survey will be utilised in the further preparation of the participatory model and the upcoming resident meetings.Miten haluat osallistua ja vaikuttaa Helsingiss? - Uusi osallisuus- ja vuorovaikutusmalli 2017Hur vill du delta och pverka i Helsingfors? - Ny delaktighets- och interaktionsmodell 2017City Library units where the survey can be filled in on paper: Oulunkyl library, Jtksaari information centre and library, Kontula library, Malmi library, Kallio library, Pohjois-Haaga library, Herttoniemi library, Itkeskus library, Rikhardinkatu library and Kirjasto 10 library. Paper forms are also available at the City Hall's Virka Info, Sofiankatu 1.Further information:Apply for joint development days at digi.hel.fi/participation_model
Tommi Laitio talking about the development of the participatory model (video, in Finnish)
Cooperation with residents in Helsinki
Renewal of the City
The City Council has approved the proposed leadership model as well as sectors
Eighty residents will be selected among those who have applied for joint development days in Helsinki. The purpose of the days is to get ideas for ways in which residents will be able to influence things in Helsinki in the future. You can apply for the days, organised Friday and Saturday 23 September, until the end of July by filling in the form at digi.hel.fi/participation_model.At the joint development days, the best of the groups proposals will be selected for further improvement. After that, the model will proceed and be laid before the City Council before the end of the year.The participatory model can consist of several different tools which give the residents more influence and improve cooperation between residents, City employees and local politicians. For example, participatory budgeting is a new method already in use. It gives residents a direct right to decide what projects should be carried out in Helsinki.We welcome development-oriented people of various ages and with various skillsWe are looking for creative people that are of various ages and differ from each other knowledge and skill wise. The common nominator is an interest in developing Helsinki.All who are interested in developing ways of influence and participation in Helsinki are asked to fill in the form at digi.hel.fi/participation_model no later than 31 July.The participants will be divided into teams with a common challenge to work up models and routines for participation. We are hoping for as versatile mixed teams as possible: activists, city professionals, researchers, people from non-governmental organisations. Among the models suggested by the teams, a jury will select the best ones for Helsinki's new participatory model.A separately appointed jury will nominate the teams and evaluate their proposals. The teams will be made up before mid-August, after which those selected will be notified.A survey at Kerrokantasi open until the end of JulyYou can also take part in the preparation of a new model for resident participation and interaction by filling in a survey on the Kerrokantasi website. The answers will be taken into account at the joint development days.Those who are not participating in the development days in September are welcome to submit their ideas in the survey at Kerrokantasi. A summary of the answers will be given to the development day groups.Further information:Apply for the joint development days 23 September at digi.hel.fi/participation_model no later than 31 July.
Finnish form digi.hel.fi/osallisuusmalli
Swedish form digi.hel.fi/delaktighet_modellFill in the survey no later than 31 JulyFill in the survey and influence the new participatory model for Helsinki
Tommi Laitio talking about the development of the preparatory model (video, in Finnish)
Cooperation with residents in Helsinki
Renewal of the City
City Council decided on new governance system and sectors
Helsinkis new Kuninkaantammi residential district will be home to two wooden and two concrete apartment buildings resembling each other as much as possible apart from their building frame construction material. The behaviour of the materials will be compared in planning, during the construction process and during the use of the buildings. The buildings will form one residential block.The study will be conducted by construction company Rakennusliike Reponen Oy, and it will form a part of the City of Helsinkis apartment building development programme.The building rights are the same for all buildings, but because of differing construction systems, the wooden buildings will be somewhat taller and wider. The two concrete buildings, located at Taidemaalarinkatu 4, will have four floors and 60 right-of-occupancy apartments. The corresponding two wooden buildings, located at Taidemaalarinkatu 6, will have 58 rental apartments. Both sites will be served by one underground parking hall built from stone materials.All the apartment buildings are designed to be highly energy-efficient. In addition, the buildings will be equipped with rooftop solar collectors to produce 40 percent of the buildings electricity need.The study will compare the carbon footprint of the buildings. The apartments will be equipped with meters to monitor the use of heating energy, electricity and water. Indoor temperatures and the moisture behaviour of the structures will also be monitored. Two resident surveys will be conducted during the two-year monitoring period.The contractors are A-Kruunu Oy and Yrj ja Hanna-sti sr. Architectural design is by ARK-house Architects.See and download images here.
Read more:Kuninkaantammi
Two top artists of Finnish rhythmic music will perform at Teurastamos Friday on 29 July. The live performances of Jussi Kuoma and Paha-Nuutti offer insightful and musically unique entertainment.
Jussi Kuoma
The skillful and characteristic flow of Kuoma combines a soulful sound with tough rap. Kuoma has become popular among rap artists and colleagues. Kuomas voice has been heard on the albums of Asa, Aste, Chydeon, Haamu and DJ Parasol. Kuomas music is relaxed and down-to-earth, right at the core of hip hop. His latest album Levitoi was published in spring 2016.Paha-Nuutti
Paha-Nuutti is a DJ and a rapper from Helsinki, who is especially known from his collaboration with the reggae artist Posteljoona. Among several other projects, Paha-Nuutti has also published a solo album. Paha-Nuuttis music fits the contemporary times, depicting the temporality of our lives, including jobs, apartments and relationships. The perspective to ones own life resembles a freelance job, in which nothing is fixed.
Read more in Finnish
Teurastamo
If you were not admitted to a study program yet, you can apply with the extra applications for the spots still available. Applications can be sent to secondary degree education institutions as well as colleges and universities.
Extra applications period to vocational schools and high schools began on June 17. Applications can be sent as long as seats are available. You can apply online via Opintopolku or the websites of the specific institutions. It is good to react promptly since new spots appear daily and they go quickly.
Adult education colleges offer excellent education opportunities after primary or secondary education. One can take Open University or vocational training courses. To apply, visit the websites of institutions.
Colleges accept additional applications for the autumn semester between 4 July and 31 August. It is advised to contact the institutions directly to inquire about the available spots. The additional applications have to be sent through Opintopolku.
Universities do not offer official additional admissions, however some free spots might be left. Inquiries are best made directly to the institutions.
Read further (In Finnish)
Opintopolku
Studentum.fi 
Mixed solid waste and biowaste produced in the Helsinki metropolitan area were studied by Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority (HSY) over the months of the autumn 2015. The study reveals that the amount of metals has decreased in mixed solid waste from households.The amount and composition of mixed solid waste vary between different types of housing. The least amounts of mixed solid waste are produced by properties consisting of 20 or more units.
The average amount of metals placed in mixed solid waste containers was 4.5 kilogrammes per resident over 12 months. This is almost 1 kilogramme less than in 2012 and 2007, when the previous corresponding studies were conducted.The finding about the decrease in metals in mixed solid waste is supported by statistical data, according to which the amount of metal waste collected from properties last year by HSY was nearly 200 tonnes higher than in 2014. One probable cause for the change is an expansion of the collection of metal waste from properties in recent years. Another probable cause is the extensive campaign conducted by HSY for the sorting of metal waste into separate containers in connection of the opening of HSYs new waste-to-energy plant. The amount of glass in mixed solid waste has also decreased.This is a positive trend, as it makes sense to sort glass and metals for recycling. These materials dont burn in the waste-to-energy plant but only increase the amount of slag, says project expert Saara Valtonen.The least amounts of mixed solid waste are produced by the largest properties, which often place the containers for recyclable waste in a separate area. This is evident particularly well in the sorting of biowaste.Valtonen explains, Properties that can choose whether or not to collect biowaste placed 50 percent more biowaste into mixed solid waste than properties that are obliged to collect biowaste.Read more:Report on mixed solid waste and biowaste. The report is in Finnish but has an English abstract.
Waste sorting and recycling
This summer Helen will support twenty events that create positive energy for a total of 30,000 euros. The worlds best city energy grants have been given on a weekly basis from May and will be awarded until the end of July.
Helen gave grants to events for the first time last summer, and almost 350 events sent out their applications. Ten of them were awarded with a grant of 3,000 euros. This year, grants worth either 1,000 or 3,000 euros are awarded to twenty events.
The aim of these grants is to support vibrant and responsible urban culture. Along with financial support the city events are given visibility and audibility in the communication channels of Helen and its partner Bassoradio. A specialist committee from Bassoradio and Helen will select the winners of the awards based on the quality and popularity of the events. The selections emphasise the urban cultural value, diversity and responsibility of the projects.
- We want to make supporting the city culture even more visible and, on the other hand, more transparent, says Helens Communications Manager Sanna Jskelinen.
Further information
Helen (In Finnish)
The autumn timetables will run from 15 August. The timetables are now available online.The biggest changes to timetables will take place on the Metro: the Metro will start running every 2.5 minutes between Kamppi and Itkeskus. The biggest changes to routes will take place in Lauttasaari.See the links below to view the timetables:Buses
Busstops
The annual Jazz-Espa festival starts at the Esplanade Park on Monday, July 25. The series of concerts will last until Saturday, August 6. Jazzjatkot-festival will be held on Sunday 7 August at the Allas Sea Pool by the Katajanokka shore.
The nearly two week free of cost series of concerts consists of two shows in afternoons. The concerts are held at 4 and 5.30 pm. The concerts on Mondays and Saturdays are an exception. On Mondays the musicians start at 4 pm and on Saturdays at 3 pm.
The musicians that will perform include Aili Ikonen, UMo Jazz Orchestra and the representative of Finland in the Nordic Jazz Comets event.
Jazzjatkot at the Allas Sea Pool
Jazzjatkot festival will finish off the concert series on Sunday 7 July 5 pm. This years event will be organized for the first time in a maritime picnic atmosphere at the Sea Pool. Musicians who perform at the closing event include Jukka Eskola Soul Trio and Mopo & Ville Leinonen.
Espa Stage is a summer venue at the Esplanade Park
Other concerts are held at the Espa Stage mainly from Tuesday until Friday at noon, 4.30 pm and 7 pm as well as at noon and 3 pm on Saturdays. Information about the musicians and timetables can be found in the event calendar.
Further information:
Jazz-Espa
Espa Stage
Visit Helsinki
Jazzjatkot
helsinkiallas.fi (In Finnish)
Would you like to know what grows in your neighbourhood park? You can check some of the older trees and plants in Helsinkis historical park plans.The historical park plans, managed by the City of Helsinki Public Works Department, are now included in the City Archives SINETTI archive information system. The City Archives has digitized more than 1,100 Helsinki park plans from the beginning of the 1900s to the 1950s. The plans can now be viewed and downloaded freely on the SINETTI website.The park plans indicate the planned placement of plants, and they show the detailed plans of the parks. There are plans for the entire area of Helsinki built by the 1950s, but most of the plans are for the inner city. There are also some gardening plans for allotment gardens.The SINETTI archive information system contains reference information on all materials contained in the City Archives and thousands of digitized documents. The maps and drawings volume is particularly extensive, consisting of more than 17,500 documents. New digitized materials are constantly added to SINETTI.Read more:See park drawings (accompanying texts in Finnish or Swedish)
SINETTI archive information system
Finland is hosting the U20 European Championship in basketball for the first time in 30 years. The U20 European Championship takes place between the 16th and 24th of July in Helsingin Jhalli and Pasilan Urheiluhalli.
Top sixteen European countries are taking part in the tournament.
Public transport is the easiest way to reach the tournament locations. The Journey Planner- service provides you with the best travel routes.
One can purchase day cards to attend the games. A day card allows attendance at four games and costs between five to fifteen euros. Tickets can be purchased online and at both tournament locations. In order to avoid excess queuing it is advised to buy the tickets beforehand.
Further information
FIBA
Tickets
A young Amur tiger couple at Helsinki Zoo has triplets. The birth of the cubs in the spring was a major event at the zoo, which had for long been hoping for a tiger couple able to breed. The last time the zoo had tiger cubs was 18 years ago.
The three-year-old female tiger is a first-time mother. She has been nursing and caring for her young well, and the cubs have passed their most critical period for survival. The first cubs of a tiger have smaller chances of survival than further litters.
The zoo veterinarian has not yet checked the cubs, and the zoo still does not know their gender. The female has been let alone, in order that she can care for the cubs in peace. The mother and cubs are monitored with a CCTV camera.
Both tigers come to Helsinki Zoo from other zoos. The female was born at Nordens Ark in Sweden and the male at the Leipzig zoo in Germany. The tiger couple has been together since last autumn.
The Amur tiger, also known as the Siberian tiger, ranks among the biggest living cats. It is an endangered species, with a population of about 500 living in the Russian Far East. The biggest threats to the species are poaching and a shrinking habitat. Helsinki Zoo has supported conservation efforts for the Amur tiger in its natural habitat since 1998, and the zoo is the largest single source of funding for the Amur Tiger and Leopard Alliance field projects.
More:
Images of Helsinki Zoo Amur tigers (text and video soundtrack in Finnish) by Mari LehmonenHelsinki Zoo
Finnish Maternity Guidance operations have awoken international interest. Several foreign groups come to find out more about the Maternity Guidance Clinics in Helsinki every year. Most of these groups come from Japan. Short introductory videos have now been made in Finnish, Swedish, English, and Japanese, to facilitate such visits.The videos describe the main features of the work carried out at Maternity Guidance Clinic. They show how the well-being of the mother and unborn child is considered, as well as the health and well-being of the entire family, along with the growth and development of the new-born child.The videos take the viewer along to family coaching meetings intended for families who expect their first child, and to home visits to families who have just had their first child. The child health clinic visits present the monitoring of the growth and development of the baby, vaccinations, and parts of health check-ups for preschoolers.Video in English:
Ms. Anne Stenros, Doctor of Science and Architect SAFA, will start as Chief Design Officer of the City of Helsinki at the beginning of September. Her most recent post is Professor of Practice, IDBM Programme Director, at the Aalto University. In 20052015 she was the Design Director of Kone Corporation.
Having a Chief Design Officer in its own organisation Helsinki will strengthen strategic development and the use of design thinking in planning public services. In the last four years, the City has made user-centred design part of its development in more than a hundred projects already. Through this work Helsinki has reached the position of being an international design city that the world follows.
Helsinki being World Design Capital in 2012 made the City recognise the possibilities of design. The Design Driven Cities in the world are now networking actively to share best practices and learn from each other. Listening to and understanding users in earnest and emphatic planning of services are in focus in this development. Helsinki has excellent starting points thanks to years of long-term development of urban design, Anne Stenros says and continues from this basis it is easier to start strengthening the role of design as part of the Citys strategic planning and development. At the same time, Helsinki as a city brand will upgrade its status as an international pioneer city in design knowledge.
According to Anne Stenros, in Helsinki there is a strong understanding that it is inevitable that the way of developing public services is changing. Design brings to the development of public services and the urban environment the very tools needed to picture the future. Results from the use of design have confirmed that, at their best, design methods help to understand something that does not yet exist. 
Anne Stenross long experience in design and change management will support the ongoing reform of the Citys governance system and the introduction of a new city brand for Helsinki. Having been the Design Director of Kone for a long time, Anne Stenros understands the strategic role of design and the possibilities there are in developing a vast organisation and in picturing the future, Ms. Marja-Leena Rinkineva, Director of Economic Development, says and continues I am very pleased that all Helsinki will be able to benefit from Annes competence, experience and international networks.
More than fifty persons applied for the position of Chief Design Officer, and the international attention was extensive as well. Anne Stenros will start as Chief Design Officer and head of the Helsinki Lab project on 1 September 2016. The position of Chief Design Officer is fixed-term to the end of 2018. Helsinki Lab will strengthen the competence of the Citys organisations in building user-centred services and activities.
Anne Stenros believes that design management has a lot to give where the future of Helsinki is concerned.
Design is important on both a small and a large scale. In my opinion, however, in the centre there should be, as Alvar Aalto crystallised it so well, the little person  a humane experience of the city, in services as well as in the environment, and, as support of this, focusing on the user, Anne Stenros says.
Helsinkis oldest arboretum is located in Niskala in the vicinity of the Haltiala Farm. A several-year renovation project of this previously half-wild forest garden, where many different types of trees are grown, is now complete. Hundreds of new trees have been planted in the area, the old tree stock has been managed, and the path network has been fixed.
The Haltiala Farm in the Helsinki Central Park is the largest recreational green area in Helsinki.
The arboretum area is crisscrossed by footpaths and duckboards that lead visitors to trees and bushes from different parts of the world. The Niskala Arboretum has more than 750 taxons  or species  ranging from Amelanchier spicata (also referred to as the low juneberry, thicket shadbush, dwarf serviceberry, or low serviceberry a species of serviceberry that has edible fruit) to Abies koreana, that is, the Korean fir.
The area is circled by a Know Your Trees nature trail, which provides entertaining information for both children and grown-ups. The Tree Library offers a respite and gives visitors a chance to read tree-themed poems.
A trip to the Niskala Arboretum is refreshing. In addition to the trees, it is well worth watching birds. The area is a nesting area for the hawfinch, icterine warbler, thrush nightingale, marsh warbler, Blyth's reed warbler, river warbler and Eurasian blackcap.
The arboretum was founded in the early 20th century by the owner of the Tuomarinkyl Manor, Jacob Kavaleff. Today the arboretum is a protected nature conservation area.
Read more:
Haltiala Farm in Green Hearts, Park Walks in Helsinki
Finlands biggest and most international football tournament for children and adolescents is played on 1116 July in 17 football fields. Going to the matches by public transportation is a good idea, it is both the easiest and the most environment friendly choice. The opening parade will cause traffic disturbance on Mannerheimintie between the Music Centre and Tl Sports Hall on Monday 11 July from 7.30 to 8.00 p.m.Hundreds of teams from tens of countries participate in the tournament for girls and boys. The Helsinki Cup, which has been organized since 1976, has grown into the third biggest junior football tournament in Europe. Last year, which was the 40th anniversary, there were 1,240 teams from 11 countries. The number of participants exceeded 21,000.This year too, you can watch the matches by using your mobile, tablet or computer. 
Read more
Fields and maps
Match programme for the Helsinki Cup
The opening parade causes traffic disturbance on Mannerheimintie 11 July 7.308.00 p.m. (in Finnish)
Journey planner
Visit Helsinki
The Tori Quarters burst into full bustle during the summer! The Tori Quarters traditional free lunchtime concerts are now being held for the fourth time, with this years comprehensive spread varying in terms of musical theme, surroundings and lunchtime menu. Ensembles consisting of members of the Sointi Jazz Orchestras 18-member big band will play their interpretations of jazz in courtyards in the Tori Quarters on three Thursdays in July (14, 21 and 28).This is the fourth time that the Tori Quarters lunchtime concerts will bring together music and lunch to create an intense experience in the distinctive courtyards of buildings in the Tori Quarters. A series of three lunchtime concerts in July will take place together with the 18-member Sointi Jazz Orchestra from Helsinki. A changing composition of big band members will take up their instruments in each concert. Likewise, the surroundings and also partly the content of each improvised concert will change.The July series of lunchtime concerts will kick off on Thursday 14 July with a cool, bold jazz concert in the courtyard of the brewery-restaurant Bryggeri Helsinki. A quartet of musicians from the Sointi Jazz Orchestra will boldly play a set of musical pieces to jazz and blues standards reflecting the spirit of the Bryggeri Helsinki.On Thursday 21 July, the lunchtime concert audience will be treated to a classical style performance reflecting different era in Helsinki in the joint courtyard of the El Fant Coffee & Wine Bar, opened this spring, and Helsinki City Museum in Katariinankatu.The series of lunchtime concerts wraps up on Thursday 28 July in the inner courtyard of Helsinki City Hall with an improvised concert by a trio of woodwind instrumentalists embracing the shapes in the courtyard and infused with lunch at the Kaffeehaus Rntgen Ptisserie. Players plucked from the woodwind section of the Sointi Jazz Orchestra will conjure up melodies combining the surrounding architecture and urban life.LUNCHTIME CONCERTS:THURS 14 July at 12 noon, Boldly cool, Bryggeri Helsinki terrace (Unioninkatu 23/Sofiankatu 2)
THURS 21 July at 12 noon Classical style, courtyard of El Fant / Helsinki City Museum (Katariinankatu 3)
TO 28 July at 12 noon Uninhibited improvisation, Kaffeehaus Rntgenin / inner courtyard of Helsinki City Hall (Aleksanterinkatu 22/Katariinankatu 2)Free admission to all events.
Read more
Green powders will be pushed aside when the vegan food festival Vihisfest 2016 is held at the inner courtyard of the Teurastamo culinary and urban culture centre (also known as the Abattoir) on Friday, 12 August. This first-time festival celebrates indulgent vegan food that abandons the traditional notion of vegans as health food freaks. The sipsikalja (chips and beer) vegan fast food movement promotes vegan food that can be high in fat, salt and sugar.
Visitors to the Teurastamo event can indulge in Vihis vegan pies, modelled after the traditional Finnish Lihis meat pie. The meat pie is Finnish fast food, in which ground beef is covered in doughnut dough and deep-fried. Also on offer will be vegan burgers. Both foods are provided by the Finnish HoviRuoka food manufacturing company.
The Vihisfest guests are entertained by the Pimp My Vihis competition. Vegan dishes prepared by the local restaurants and food stores are available in tasting portions. The chips-and-beer movements guru St. Vihis entertains the audience with a disco performance, and the MegaMega band heightens the atmosphere with arthouse disco music.
The chips-and-beer vegan movement already has nearly 18,000 Facebook friends. The movement challenges myths about vegan food and obsessions for health by praising vegan fast food. Vihis is the hit food product of this community, which claims to have a positive body image. Vihis will now be duly recognized with its own, well-deserved event in Teurastamos summer programme.The many ways to serve Vihis
HoviRuoka has produced Vihis pies since August 2015. Vihis was sold by only 300 retailers in early 2016, but the current number of retailers that carry the trendy product is more than 1,000. HoviRuoka launched the vegan burger in the spring.
The Vihis pie can be eaten as such from the package, but Teurastamo allows hundreds of the pies, all free to the Vihisfest guests, to be cooked on the inner courtyards public grill. The Pimp My Vihis competition encourages visitors to spice up their Vihis pies with pickles, vegan cheese and a number of creative ingredients.
Vihisfest  a hedonistic vegan food event at TeurastamoFriday, 12 August 2016, 1622 (4 p.m. to 10 p.m.)Read more:Teurastamo
The annual publication Facts about Helsinki is a compact information package on Helsinki and Helsinki residents published by the City of Helsinki Urban Facts. The 24 pages of the pocket-sized booklet contain many of the key figures of the area, including the environment, population, housing, construction, health care, education, transport, commerce, tourism and administration.
Some of the tables and figures contain information on the entire economic area, that is, the Helsinki region, and include comparative data on the whole nation.
Facts about Helsinki is published in six languages  Finnish, Swedish, English, German, French and Russian.
In earlier years, Facts about Helsinki was published in eight languages including Chinese and Japanese. The latest Chinese edition is from 2012, and the latest Japanese edition from 2009. The current edition, as well as the older language versions, can be viewed on the Urban Facts website here.
See the publication in six languages:
Facts about Helsinki 2016,pdf.Tilastotietoja Helsingist 2016,pdf.Statistik om Helsingfors 2016,pdf.Helsinki in Zahlen 2016,pdf.Brves statistiques sur Helsinki 2016,pdf.   2016,pdf.
From 3rd to 9th July, the European Championship for the Olympic RS/X windsurfing classes will take place in Helsinki. The base of the event will be located at Hernesaari, in the immediate vicinity of the cruising ship terminal and the popular Merisatama area.
The RS/X sailboard is a very fast and very acrobatic class and races are spectacular both for sailors and spectators. Around 250 athletes are expected to participate. Champions will be crowned in four classes  men, women, boys, girls. Though the event is classified as a European Championship, it welcomes non-European teams so sailors from all over the world will participate.
As courses are short, the races can be held close to the shore and thus can be viewed e.g. from the cafs and restaurants on Hernesaari, even without access to a boat of your own.
Further information:
Visit Helsinki
Helsinki is preparing a new model for citizen participation and interaction. Tell us your opinion in the survey on the web or on a paper form available at several library units.
In the Kerrokantasi web survey we ask residents to provide comments on the methods of participation and interaction. At the same time we ask questions about the promotion of cooperation and the flow of information and what kind of things the city ought to be preparing in cooperation with the residents. The survey is open until 31 July.The survey can also be filled in on paper forms, available at several library units and Virka Info at the Helsinki City Hall, Sofiankatu 1.
The answers and comments gathered through the survey will be utilised in the further preparation of the participatory model and the upcoming resident meetings.https://kerrokantasi.hel.fi/
https://kerrokantasi.hel.fi/hearing/delaktighetsmodellCity Library units, where the survey can be filled in on paper: Oulunkyl, Jtksaari, Kontula, Malmi, Kallio, Pohjois-Haaga, Herttoniemi, Itkeskus, Rikhardinkatu and Kirjasto 10. Paper forms are also available the City Hall's Virka Info, Sofiankatu 1.Further information:Tommi Laitio talking about the development of the preparatory model (video, in Finnish)
Cooperation with residents in Helsinki
Renewal of the City
The schedule for the West Metro has been revised. Construction work and system-specific test runs at stations will be completed in October. This is followed by the final phase, in which the systems will be tested together to ensure compatibility and safety of the different systems. According to current estimates, trial operation with passengers could begin at the latest in January 2017. The schedule will become more detailed in October once enough test data is available.
"There are always risks associated with the introduction of a complicated system, some of which cannot be completely eliminated in advance. The schedule will become more detailed once the first joint safety test runs have been conducted", states Matti Kokkinen, CEO of Lnsimetro Oy.
"The West Metro project is an extensive project. Every system must be operational to enable a safe and fully functional operation of the Metro. We want to make sure there is enough time for the tests, says Kokkinen.

Once the tests have been completed, the Rescue Departments of the Cities of Espoo and Helsinki will approve the safety systems, after which the building supervision authorities of the cities can approve the introduction of the stations and tunnels. Helsinki City Transport HKL will also set a date, when the metro traffic can begin safely.

Helsinki Region Transport HSL makes a separate decision on when trial operation with passengers will start. After this, HSL will decide when the full Metro service and operation of feeder bus services will begin.

Close-knit cooperation within the project ensures that the work and tests are advancing smoothly""", states Olli Isotalo, Chairman of the Board at Lnsimetro Oy.
The West Metro is the largest infrastructure project in Finland. It consists of more than 270 separate contracts. During the quarrying and construction phase, it has employed 15,800 construction workers in total. The number of man-years will be around 4,500.
No major changes to bus network in Espoo in the autumn  new bus routes for Lauttasaari
There will be no major changes to public transport services in Espoo, Kauniainen and Kirkkonummi on 15 August 2016.
By contrast, the Lauttasaari bus routes will change, but there will be direct bus links to Kamppi and the city centre from all parts of the island. The route network was confirmed in the negotiations between HSL and the bus companies, which were initiated when HSL was informed of the delay.The bus routes will be operated accordingly at least until the end of 2016. If the West Metro is not running by that time, the bus services will continue.
For us, the most important thing was to find a solution that would serve our customers as well as possible. Now most of the routes are familiar to the people and the level of public transport service remains good. We are very appreciative of the flexibility and cooperation that the bus operators have shown, says Suvi Rihtniemi, Executive Director at HSL.The biggest changes to bus routes will be seen in Lauttasaari, where the route network will be a combination of the current network and planned feeder services. However, direct and frequent services will be provided from all parts of Lauttasaari at least to Kamppi.In Lehtisaari and Kuusisaari, the route network will remain the same with the exception of route 506, which will run only between Viikki and Meilahti from 15 August.
Bus route numbers altered in North Espoo
In South Espoo, the route numbers will not change. In North Espoo, the route numbers will change as planned on 15 August. Stop signs are being changed during the summer to ensure that the information at the stops is up-to-date when the changes take place.
In addition, service routes in Espoo will be converted into neighbourhood routes from 15 August.
New timetables in the Journey Planner in July
The routes and timetables of the bus services from 15 August will be available in the Journey Planner in mid-July. In addition, comprehensive information about the arrangements related to the delayed opening of the West Metro is available at HSL's website, hsl.fi.
The bus network in a nutshell
There are no changes to the bus routes in Espoo on 15 August, with the following exceptions:Read more
HSL
The population of Helsinki was 628,208 at the turn of the year 2016. The population grew by 7,493 during 2015, which was slightly less than in the three previous years. The difference between births and deaths increased the population by 1,881, which was slightly up from 2014. Helsinki also gained residents from abroad and from Finland outside the Helsinki region. The population of the Helsinki region grew by 17,600 the population of the whole nation grew by 15,500. The growth was focused in the Helsinki region even more strongly than in previous years.
The share of 15- to 29-year-olds continues to be emphasized in Helsinki compared with the Helsinki metropolitan area and the rest of Finland. The number of people aged 65 and above and those in comprehensive school increased, as did their share of the population. The number of children grew owing to the fairly small regional migration loss and migration gain from abroad. The number of people aged 65 and above grew owing to the general aging of the population.
The population grew in all Helsinki districts apart from stersundom, the most rapidly in the Central and Southern districts. In JanuaryMay 2016, the Helsinki population grew by nearly 3,000, down by 50 from the same period in 2015.
Migration gain from outside the region grew, migration loss to neighbouring municipalities increased
Migration loss from Helsinki to the other municipalities of the Helsinki region, typical of Helsinki, peaked in 2005, when it was 4,800. The migration loss began to contract in 2008, but last years migration loss at 1,587 was larger than in 2014. However, Helsinki gained more people from elsewhere in Finland than ever since 2001, that is, 5,151.
The migration gain from abroad to Helsinki was 1,983, down by 800 from the previous year. The rapid growth in the number of asylum seekers since late summer 2015 is not reflected in the numbers. The asylum seekers granted residence will be assigned to municipalities and reflected in municipal population numbers only afterwards.
The number of births in Helsinki was 7,016 in 2015, which is more than ever since 1970. The number of deaths was 5,135, up by 86 since last year. The number of births per female resident was 1.3, which is 0.35 less than the national number. The life expectancy of a newborn Helsinki male was 78.1 years in 2015 and that of a female 83.6 years. Life expectancy has continued a steady growth. It has remained somewhat below the national numbers, but the gap has narrowed in recent years. However, local differences in life expectancy inside Helsinki continue to be large.
More than half of couples are childless, the number of single-person households is significant
More than half of all couples were childless, 30 percent of them married and 21 percent unmarried. Households with children numbered 75,927, and in 21 percent of them the children were aged 18 or above. In 79 percent of families, at least one of the children was younger than 18, and 43 percent of families had at least one child under school age. 28 percent of families had only one parent. Nearly half of all households (48%) were single-person households, and 25 percent of Helsinki residents lived alone. Living alone is far more common in Helsinki than elsewhere in Finland.
Foreign-born population continues to grow
The number of residents speaking some other language than Finnish, Swedish or Sami (the official languages of Finland) as their first language rose to 14.0 percent. The main foreign languages spoken as the first language were Russian (17,176), Estonian (11,921) and Somali (8,676). These languages represented 43 percent of all foreign languages. An increasing share of Helsinkis population growth takes place among the foreign-born population. 9.2 percent of the Helsinki residents were foreign nationals.
The Helsinki region consists of the municipalities of Espoo, Helsinki, Hyvink, Jrvenp, Kauniainen, Kerava, Kirkkonummi, Mntsl, Nurmijrvi, Pornainen, Sipoo, Tuusula, Vantaa and Vihti.City of Helsinki Urban Facts
Over one million square metres of space lie unused in the Helsinki metropolitan area. The City of Helsinki owns a small share of the total. What if Helsinki residents could use this space for work, leisure and events?
A new experiment to open City facilities in Helsinki sought solutions for a more flexible and efficient use of space. The experiment involved City of Helsinki experts from many fields. They developed a user-oriented solution that would make it possible to utilize the space of City departments for work. The experiment produced a prototype app named Stadin tilapankki.
Simply put, the app allows City employees to check available work space on the map and to book space for their own uses.
Another experiment involved a service named Varaamo (page in Finnish) that allows residents to book library space for their own uses such as a gaming night.
One of the main points of the experiments is to enable people to use the City of Helsinki spaces, whether they are City employees or City residents.
The experiments are meant to create a better city. They also help to institute a new type of culture of doing things to together and experimentation, in order to bring the City and its people closer together.
Helsinki Pride 2016 invites you to join the biggest culture and human rights event in Finland June 27  July 3. Helsinki Pride is a theme week of gender and sexual minorities and warmly welcomes everyone interested.Pride week is a full of rainbow colored program there are lectures on current topics, discussions, sunny picnics, workshops, art and culture and of course several awesome parties which continues until the late morning. There are events for all ages. Targeting participants of 13-25 years, the Youth Pride (Nuorten Pride) forms its own entity.On Saturday July 2nd Helsinki Pride culminates in Pride parade which starts from Senaatintori Square. Make sure you dont miss the colorful parade twisted with great atmosphere!The organizer of Helsinki Pride is HeSeta ry.Helsinki Pride and Tuska together
Helsinki is launching a new website, Myhelsinki.fi, for visitors and residents. The new website will highlight the latest trends and events in Helsinki, as well as tips by local residents. Both Helsinki Pride and the Tuska Open Air Metal Festival feature heavily in the launch of the My Helsinki website. Helsinki Pride and Tuska Metal Festival join forces, because the city - and love - belong to everyone.Helsinki Pride culminates on Saturday 2 July with the Pride Parade, the Park Party and the Closing Party, which is being organised together with the EuroGames Helsinki happening at the Cable Factory (Kaapelitehdas). Tuska in turn is Helsinkis famous open air heavy metal festival, which is being held this summer for the 19th year. Last year Tuska attracted over 25,000 heavy metal fans to Helsinki.- The city belongs to everyone. Helsinki is also the perfect platform for innovations. The excellent synergies between different actors here is creating a culture of openness, and we want to part of it, says Iina Niemi, Producer of Helsinki Pride.Discover Helsinki on the new website Myhelsinki and find #myhelsinki on social media. See campaign video.
Read more
Helsinki Pride 2016
EuroGames Helsinki
tuska-festival.fi 13 July 2016
EuroGames opens with a big party in the Kansalaistori square in the center of Helsinki on 29 Wednesday during the Helsinki Pride Week. Closing party takes place on Saturday 2 July together with the closing events of the Helsinki Pride. It is the biggest LGBTIQ sporting event in Europe. Culture and human rights happenings are also on the programme.Held for the first time in Finland, EuroGames is the biggest sporting occasion for gays, lesbians, bi-sexual and transgender people in Europe in 2016. Approximately 3 000 international athletes will be competing in 14 sports in Helsinki this summer.In Helsinki the sporting event includes badminton, basketball, bowling, bridge, dancing, floorball, golf, squash, swimming, tennis, track & field, and volleyball.Enjoy the cosmopolitan atmosphere at a musical performance or at the EuroGames Village, which is open to everyone from morning till night. EuroGames Helsinki 2016 patron is President of Finland Sauli Niinist.EuroGames have taken place since 1992 in various cities in Europe.Read more:
EuroGames equality event
People are accustomed to use their mobile phones to order food or a taxi ride, to book flights, and to check the results of sports events. This is also the world in which public services operate. The goal of public service providers is to better meet the changed expectations of citizens and to develop digital public services that are increasingly easy to use. The Digital Helsinki programme accelerates the digitalization of the City services openly and through experimentation with citizens.Experimentation with confidenceThe perspective and needs of users are more important than, for example, the traditional operating model of the City. User orientation means that services work in the manner that users want them to work.Less paperwork, more time to help and careFunctional digital services can save both money and time. When citizens manage more of their affairs online, there is more time for face-to-face interaction with those people who cannot use online services or who need more than just the simplest services.Functional digital services developed through cooperation of several actorsThe development of digital City services does not only mean that services are easy to use and look good. Behind the scene, the data systems of different services are combined and operating models are made uniform.More and diverse users and stakeholder groups are engaged in the development of services. The co-creation will be supported from here on by Helsinki Lab, a new organization established to ensure that the City will be increasingly user-oriented in the future.For example, Helsinki Region Infoshare opens the Citys public data to be used freely by anybody. The data can be used to develop apps, for example, for public transport or a new version of the Service Map that helps users to find City services.The Digital Helsinki programme was launched in the spring of 2016. A steering group representing various administrative sectors was named for the programme in May. The steering group will select the programmes first themes for experimentation and other development targets.
Helen Ltd will soon commission the largest electricity storage facility in the Nordic countries. It will be located in Helsinki, next to the Suvilahti solar power plant. The purpose of this facility is to balance electricity supply.
The electricity storage facility is designed for storing electricity at a time when the production of electricity exceed its demand. The stored energy can be discharged from the facility when the demand for electricity increases.
Electricity generated by Helens Suvilahti (340 kWp) and Kivikko (850 kWp) solar power plants can be momentarily stored in the Suvilahti electricity storage facility. The last of the installations are currently being carried out, and the electricity storage facility will be commissioned in the near future.Multipurpose tool for the electricity network
 The electricity storage facility is a multipurpose tool for the smart grid of the future. We see intermediate storage of electricity as a significant element of flexibility, which helps to reconcile production and consumption, says Helens Development Manager Juha Karppinen.
Key pilot project
For the first three years, the electricity storage will be utilised in a research project that will examine and test its functionality. Alongside, the project will develop new business models for the storage of electricity suitable especially for the Nordic energy market. After the research project, the storage facility will operate as part of Helens renewable distributed energy system.
The fact that the current legislation does not identify electricity storage hinders a wider use of electricity storage facilities. According to the current interpretation, an electricity storage facility can be classed as being both consumption and production, as a result of which taxes and distribution fees have to be paid when charging electricity and a production fee when discharging electricity.
Further information:
Helen
The streets of Helsinki fall silent during Midsummer, when many locals travel to the countryside to celebrate. Still, there is a lot to do in Helsinki under the midnight sun. Here are a few tips for celebrating Midsummer in Helsinki.Seurasaari Midsummer BonfiresTraditional Midsummer Eve's celebrations have been held at Seurasaari since 1954. This year the Midsummer celebrations at Seurasaari begin on 24 June at 4pm. The festivities will continue all the way until one-oclock in the morning.
Visitors can enjoy a full programme of traditional Finnish Midsummer activities, including Midsummer maypole raising, Finnish music and bonfires. Visitors can also admire Midsummer bonfires from different parts of Finland. There is also a full programme for children. Tickets to the Midsummers Eve celebrations at Seurasaari cost 20 euros, and admission is free of charge for children under the age of 15.The easiest way to get to Seurasaari is by bus 24 from the city centre. Additional services will run on Midsummers Eve. It is also possible to take a ferry to Seurasaari from Merisatama harbour (Kaivopuisto) between 3pm and 11pm.Midsummers Eve at PihlajasaariThe bonfire at Pihlajasaari will be lit at 9pm on Midsummers Eve. The seaside terrace at the restaurant will serve food and refreshments that can be enjoyed to the accompaniment of dance music. The restaurant will be open until 1:30am, and the last ferry back to the mainland (Merisatama) departs at 1:45am.On Midsummers Day the restaurant will be open from 11am to 8:30pm (kitchen 12am to 7:30pm). To get to Pihlajasaari, take the JT-Line ferry from Merisatamanranta or Ruoholahti. Return tickets cost 3.506 euros (cash only).Midsummer celebrations around the cityAnother Midsummer bonfire will be lit off the beautiful coast in front of Caf Ursula by Kaivopuisto Park at 9:30pm. The restaurant will be open on Midsummer Eve from 9am to midnight, and items from the  la carte menu will be served until 9pm.Midsummer bonfire will also be lit at Kivinokka 24 June at 9pm, and it is possible to join to build the bonfire at noon. Live band Kiki & Kuninkaat! will play at 8pm. At Kivinokka they also have sauna availabe 1pm until 5pm.Midsummer festivals at Hernesaaren ranta and Lonna islandHernesaaren ranta is a new restaurant complex right by the sea in Hernesaari. They organize three day's Midsummer festival from 23 June until 25 June. The Midsummer festival at Hernesaaren ranta serves live music every night, various delicious food options, fresh beverages and bonfire on Friday and Saturday. You can buy the tickets in advance from here.Lonna island was opened to public last summer 2015 and it has been very popular since then. Midsummer festival Stadin Juhannus at Lonna is a two day event 23 and 24 June with various Finnish artists. The festival starts on Thursday at 4pm and Friday at 2pm until midnight. The restaurant and grill serve visitors all night long. The tickets for the festival are 32,50 euros, you can buy them here.Midsummer cruisesYou can also admire the Midsummer bonfires from the sea by taking a relaxing cruise on Midsummers Eve. For further information about cruises, schedules and prices, visit the websites of local cruise operators that offer Midsummer cruises for example Strmma, Royal Line, IHA-Lines and m/s J.L. Runeberg.
Midsummer dancesWe Love Helsinki organises traditional Midsummer dances. The dances begin at Midsummers Eve 24 June and Midsummers Day 25 June at 9pm until 4am in the Restaurant Kuudes linja and at Club Kaiku (Hmeentie 13, entrance in the courtyard, Kaikukatu 4).Midsummer dances at Linnanmki amusement park will take place on Midsummers Eve 24 June with dance orchestra Kaisa-Mari Ruokolainen & Foxpop at 7pm. The event is free of charge.Midsummer saunasArlan sauna (Kaarlenkatu 15) will be open as usual from 2pm to 9:30pm also on the Midsummer weekend 24 - 26 June. Kotiharjun sauna (Harjutorinkatu 1) will be open on Midsummers Eve 24 June from noon to 4pm(5pm). Closed on Midsummer Day 25 June. Sauna Hermanni (Hmeentie 63) will be open on Midsummer's Eve 24 June from 3pm to 8pm (9pm). Midsummer Day from 9am to 3pm. Lyly (Hernesaarenranta 4), recently opened public sauna right by the sea in Hernesaari will have their saunas on 24 and 25 June from 1pm until 10pm. The restaurant will be open on both days 9am until 2am.Read more:To check opening hours, see Midsummer memo.(pdf)Midsummer on Suomenlinnawww.visithelsinki.fi
The repair work on the Vuosaari tunnel will cause changes in August and September to traffic heading towards Vuosaari Harbour on the Keh III ring road in Helsinki. The work begins in late July or early August and the tunnel will be closed to traffic entirely between 15 August and 11 September.
In the tunnel, cracks that are leaking water will be sealed, repairs will be made to damaged pneumatic concrete structures, and the tunnels technical surveillance system will be updated.
During the preparatory stage of work the current traffic lanes will still be in use and a lowered speed limit of 50 km/h will be in place.
The tunnel will be closed to traffic entirely between 15 August and 11 September, when vehicles will follow a marked diversion route (Niinisaarentie-Kallvikintie-Itvyl). After this, possible final work tasks may be carried out outside of the traffic area. Lanes may also be closed temporarily outside of the set closure period. The work will be completed entirely by 30 November 2016.
Further information:
Port of Helsinki
Helen and Gasum have entered into a major biogas partnership agreement. Helen will begin to produce district heat with Finnish biogas that is made from waste. This will increase the use of renewable sources of energy.
Helen will launch a renewable district heat product for business customers. In the initial phase, its production will be based on biogas. The direct carbon dioxide emissions from heat production using renewable biogas are a round zero. Gas does not generate any fine particulate emissions that deteriorate air quality either.
Helens aim for biogas production is to supply renewable district heat to several dozen business properties or apartment buildings. The first ones to switch to Helens renewable district heat for business customers are the City of Helsinki Environment Centre and the Finnish Innovation Fund Sitra. Furthermore, Helen also offers a special renewable heat product to residential customers.
Biogas is a Finnish biofuel that is produced from fully renewable raw materials. Gasum produces biogas for the gas network at seven biogas plants around Finland and recycles the nutrient residues from biogas production into use as fertilizers.
Emissions will be reduced
The delivery of biogas does not cause any transport emissions at all as it is supplied to the Helen heating plants via the gas pipeline network. The use of biogas will decrease Helen's annual carbon dioxide emissions significantly.
- Helens renewable district heat product and the increased choice available to customers in energy sourcing are excellent examples of response to developing customer needs. Biogas represents circular economy at its best. Our cooperation is a prime illustration of the multitude of advantages provided by gas, says Vice President Jukka Metsl from Gasum.
Further information:
Helen
The Helsinki City Council made a decision at its meeting on 22 June concerning sections of the new City of Helsinki governance system defined in the City administrative regulations.The City will have a Mayor and four Deputy Mayors elected for the duration of the Council term. City departments will be abolished and replaced by four sectors comprising education, the city environment, culture and leisure, and social services and health care. The City Council had made a decision in principle on 16 March concerning a reform of the governance system. The current decision made by the Council concerns the governance system as defined in the City administrative regulations.In the new system, the City Council elects a Mayor and four Deputy Mayors for the duration of the Council term. The Mayor also serves as the chair of the City Board, and the Deputy Mayors chair the sector committees. The Mayor and Deputy Mayors are full-time elected officials.Central administration and four sectors divided into segmentsThe education sector consists of four segments, which are early and preschool education, comprehensive school education, general upper secondary and vocational education, and Swedish-language operations including the Swedish Adult Education Centre Arbis. The Finnish Adult Education Centre is included in the ssecondary education operations. The education committee has a Finnish-language and a Swedish-language division.The city environment sector consists of three segments, which are land use and city structure, buildings and public areas, and services and permits. The rescue function and the Helsinki City Transport (HKL) municipal enterprise are organizational units corresponding to segments. The city environment committee has an environment and permits division and a buildings and public works division.The culture and leisure sector consists of three segments, which are culture, youth and sports. The culture segment comprises the Cultural Office, Helsinki Art Museum HAM, Helsinki City Museum, the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra and Helsinki City Library. The culture and leisure committees divisions are culture, youth and sports.The social services and health care sectors segments are family and social services, health care and substance abuse services, and hospital, rehabilitation and care services. The social services and health care committee has one division.Helsinki Zoos position will be defined later.Administrative and support operations are organized individually for each sector under the sector director.The City Executive Office is responsible for central administration, which is directly subordinate to the City Board and directed by the Chief Executive Officer. The central administration includes the executive boards of the Financial Management Services, Service Centre and Occupational Health Centre municipal enterprises. The City Executive Office also includes internal auditing, which is directly subordinate to the Chief Executive Officer.Positions of Chief Executive Officer and sector directors open for applicationAfter the City Council has now made the decision, preparations will be started for a more detailed organizational structure, so that the necessary decisions on the organization can be made in the course of the current year.Furthermore, the offices of the Chief Executive Officer and sector directors will be established, and the positions will be publicly announced for application. The Council also decided that the Chief Executive Officer and sector directors can make decisions under their authority as the decisions are related to the execution of the administrative regulations before the regulations take effect.The reform of the governance system is part of the City strategy programme. The goal of the reform is to ensure that the outcome of municipal elections is better reflected on the City administration to improve democratic decision-making and its impact and to strengthen the roles of the City Council and the City Board in the City administration. The reform will take effect as of the beginning of the next Council term on 1 June 2017.Read more:City reforms
This summer the streets and congress venues of Helsinki will buzz with a record number of both domestic and international visitors. Events are held weekly from June till August. This means a lot of potential business for all of the citys service providers.The international convention of the Jehovah's Witnesses will be the first major conference of the summer. The event is held at the Messukeskus Expo and Convention Centre from 24 to 25 June. Over 12,000 visitors are expected to arrive from around the world, including Finland, the Baltic countries, Russia and the USA.Next up will be the ICANN56 Policy Forum. ICANN is a non-profit organisation that coordinates the internet's naming system. The forum will be held from 27 to 30 June 2016 at Finlandia Hall and is expected to attract 1500 delegates. Around the same time, the EASR 2016 Conference (European Association for the Study of Religions) will be held at the University of Helsinki from 28 June to 1 July. 400 people are expected to attend this event.Soon after, an estimated 8000 embryologists will arrive in Helsinki to attend the Annual Meeting of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology (ESHRE) from 3 to 6 July. The event will take place at Messukeskus Expo and Convention Centre and it will gather some of the top researchers, experts and scientists of the field. Alongside, a major exhibition and several related events will be held. This meeting alone is expected to generate around 15 million euros of tourism income for Helsinki.
Consequently, Helsinki will host the EuroGames 2016 from 29 June to 2 July. The opening ceremonies of the biggest LGBTIQ sports event in Europe will take place at Kansalaistori on Wednesday 29 June during Helsinki Pride week. Finland is hosting EuroGames for the first time. The event is expected to attract around 3000 athletes and 2000 spectators to Helsinki. President Sauli Niinist is the patron of the event.
Furthermore, Helsinki is a great city for summer festivals. Together with big festivals Helsinki offers a number of unique opportunities, including smaller city events.
Festivals and city events this summer 1.7. onwards Tuska Open Air Metal Festival
 3.7. onwards RS/X EuropeanWindsurfing Championships
 11.7. Helsinki Cup
 15.7. Summer Sound Festival
 16.7. onwards U20 European Championship basketball men
 25.7. 16.8. Jazz-Espa
 8.8. 17.8. Etno-Espa
 19.8.  4.9. Helsinki Festival
 5.8. Weekend Festival
 12.8. Flow
Further information:
Visit Helsinki
A revised West Metro deployment plan will be completed on 30 June. HSL is planning to keep most of the current bus routes running in Espoo and Kirkkonummi until the end of the year. On the basis of the schedule, HSL will decide when the Metro line will be opened for passenger traffic.In Lauttasaari, the aim is to provide direct links to the city center but not all current bus routes will be operated. No final agreements have been reached with bus operators because negotiations on prices are still in progress. However, it is clear that the routes operating from 15 August will be operated at least until the end of the year.Full bus timetables will be available in the Journey Planner and at HSL.fi by the beginning of August.Construction works on stations continue  revised deployment plan to be completed at the end of JuneConstruction works on stations continue along with test runs and testing of technical systems at stations. The revised project deployment plan will be completed on 30 June. An updated project schedule will also be available on that date. On the basis of the new schedule, HSL will decide when the new Metro line will be opened to passenger traffic.The delay in the opening of the West Metro has to do with the completion of construction and technical works and delayed test runs and testing of devices and systems. To test the various systems together, all systems have to be installed and tested separately first.Metro services will operate at more frequent 2.5-minute headways from 15 August. Services will operate on two lines (Kamppi-Mellunmki and Ruoholahti-Vuosaari) so that the trains will run every 2.5 minutes on the joint section of the lines between Kamppi and Itkeskus at peak times.Read more:HSL
The City of Helsinki has set a goal of no less than 6,000 new housing units built in the city annually. The number should go up to 7,000 units by 2019. The goal will be confirmed in the housing and land use programme to be approved by the Helsinki City Council at its meeting of 22 June.The programme defines the direction of the Citys housing policy. The goal is ambitious, as the number of new housing units has remained below 5,000 in recent years.
Helsinki has grown rapidly, and the need for new housing is pressing. The upward trend in housing prices and rents underscores the need for housing construction, says Helsinki Deputy Mayor Anni Sinnemki.Helsinki is also committed to the annual goal of 6,000 new housing units per year in an agreement on land use, housing and transport made with the Finnish Government, in which the Government agrees to cover some of the costs of the Raide-Jokeri east-west rapid transit line.According to the programme, 25 percent of the housing production should comprise ARA rental units, 30 percent mixed types of housing and 45 percent unregulated rental and owner-occupied units. The mixed types of housing refer to Hitas, right-of-occupancy and shared ownership units.The Citys own housing production aims at 1,500 units annually, half of which should consist of ARA rental units and the other half of mixed types of housing.
According to the goal, the number of units produced will increase in all types of housing. The preconditions to achieve the goal are good, as the number of units under construction in the city clearly exceeds 6,000.The City of Helsinki land use practices are based on the principle of a dense and uniform community structure that relies on public transport.The Citys housing policy seeks to prevent divergent development of residential districts and to support balanced development. The programme also pays special attention to the needs of families, the elderly and young people entering the housing market, as well as taking into account the increase in one-person households.
In the next few years, Helsinkis housing construction will be heavily focused on Lnsisatama (West Harbour), Kalasatama, Kruunuvuorenranta, Kuninkaantammi and Honkasuo. Housing production plans move forward in the areas of the Malmi airport, Koivusaari and stersundom.The proposal for the housing and land use programme, considered by the City Council on 15 June and to be voted on by the Council on 22 June, contains some revisions to the original proposal.
The City of Helsinkis summer flower beds, pots and gardens have been completed earlier than usual in Helsinki parks and other public areas.According to Kirsti Oksanen, a green planner at the City of Helsinki construction and maintenance company Stara, the main trend of the year is rich colours. The powerful colour combinations have been copied to parks from textiles and interiors.Oksanen, who is in charge of the Citys summer flower gardens, designs plant arrangements individually for each park according to the parks style and spirit.I have designed both markedly modern and traditionally patterned gardens, even some rich ones in the cottage garden style, Oksanen says.Many gardens mix styles. For example, the flower arrangement at the Runeberg statue has a traditional pattern on the outer edge and a field-like freestyle play of colours in the middle.Splendid flower arrangements can be found in the green oases of the Esplanade Park and the parks of Kaivopuisto, Eiranpuisto, Karhupuisto and Makasiinipuisto.More garden splendor can be found outside the city centre: at the Mosaiikkitori square in Vuosaari and the Herttoniemi and Annala Manors. Also worth seeing are the garden pots of the Yl-Malmi square.We always include some new plants. For example, chocolate-coloured black-eyed susan, old rose coloured petunia and purple asarina can be found in the garden pots in front of the Winter Garden.The summer flower gardens are at their best from the beginning of July onwards. They are at their most plentiful in August.Read more:Green Hearts - park walks in Helsinki
Helsinki Region Transport HSL public transport services will switch to summer timetables on Monday 20 June. The routes of some buses will change in Helsinki on the same day. In addition, a new tram route, 5, will begin operating between Rautatientori and Katajanokka.HSL will not publish a summer timetable booklet but combined timetables for multiple routes will be available on board and at service points.Read moreHSL
A new tram route, 5, will start operating on Monday 20 June. The tram will run from Rautatientori to Katajanokka. The tram will leave from the Kaivokatu stop and run along Mikonkatu and Aleksanterinkatu to the Katajanokka terminal Mon-Sun during passenger ferry operating hours from about 9.30am to 9pm.The new route is the first step in the route network plan we started to develop in 2013. The plan runs to 2026, when the tramways to Jtksaari, Hernesaari and Pasila will be completed. The aim is to strengthen the tram network in downtown Helsinki and integrate tram services to other modes of public transport even more seamlessly, says Tero Anttila, HSL's Director of Public Transport Planning Department.When route 5 starts operating, route 4T will be withdrawn. This means there will no longer be tram service from the Lasipalatsi tram stop to the Katajanokka terminal. However," tram 4 will run to Katajanokka as before and the ""Vykatu tram stop (0413) on Merikasarminkatu is only a few hundred meters walk from the terminal.Tram routes from 20 June 2016Printable tram timetables from 20 June"
Genetics researcher Palotie wins scientific awardThe City of Helsinki Scientific Award 2016 was given to Professor Aarno Palotie who is research director of the Human Genomics Program at the Institute for Molecular Medicine Finland (FIMM). The research of Palotie and his group aims to improve understanding of genetic mechanisms underlying common diseases.The award was established in 1986 to recognize excellent research made in Helsinki or by academics who have their origins in Helsinki. The aim of the award is to reinforce and highlight Helsinkis identity as a city of research. The 2016 scientific award was presented by Deputy Mayor Ritva Viljanen at the Old Town Hall of Helsinki on Wednesday 15 June.Thirteen research projects receive grantsThe City of Helsinki also allocates an annual sum of EUR 73,000 to research grants intended for doctoral and licentiate theses and post doc research. The 2016 grants were given to the following projects:Cecilia Bergman: Mobiililla liikuntasovelluksella kertyn liikkumisdatan hydyntminen reitityksiss ja kaupunkisuunnittelussaShweta Goswami: Non-utilization of public dental services among Finnish children: factors and oral health assessmentEila Kauppinen: Harrastukset nuorten ruokaympristinTeemu Kemppainen: Koettu terveys suomalaisissa lhiiss: monitasoanalyysi naapurustovaikutuksestaUlpu Leijala: Meritulvariskit Helsingin ja Suomen rannikoilla harvinaisten vedenkorkeusilmiiden yhteisvaikutusten arvioinnin pohjaltaAmeera Masoud: Shaping identities of young migrant learners through the Finnish integration policy and lifelong learning in FinlandAntti Maunu: Ty, hyvinvointi ja Helsinki. Etnografinen tutkimus yhteiskuntaan kiinnittymisen paikalliskulttuureistaMikko Mlkki: Suojelu- ja muutostavoitteiden kohtaamisia. Suomenlinnan vaaliminen osana suunnittelu- ja rakennuskulttuurin muutoksia 19551998Elmina Pakbaznejad Esmaeili: Lasten ja nuorten hampaisto- ja kallokuvausten optimointi: hyvt kuvantamiskytnnt ortodontiassaHeidi Sintonen: Health status and health service use of migrant women and their children during and after pregnancy in the capital region of FinlandMaija Sirkjrvi: An equilibrium model of sorting for Helsinki capital region housing market (Tasapainomalli kotitalouksien sijoittumiseen pkaupunkiseudun asuntomarkkinoilla)Agnes Stenius-Ayoade: Hietaniemenkadun palvelukeskuksen vaikuttavuus terveydentilaan ja terveyspalvelujen kyttn  HiPaVa-tutkimusVesa Yli-Pelkonen: Kaupunkipuuston vaikutus ilmansaastepitoisuuksiin tienvarsiympristissInquiries:Timo Cantell, Director, City of Helsinki Urban Facts, tel. +358 9310 73362, e-mail: timo.cantell[at]hel.fi
21.6. In Lauttasaari, the aim is to provide direct links to the city center but not all current bus routes will be operated. A revised West Metro deployment plan will be completed on 30 June. HSL is planning to keep most of the current bus routes running in Espoo and Kirkkonummi until the end of the year. Current Metro services will operate at more frequent 2.5-minute headways from 15 August.Read moreThe West Metro will not begin operating on 15 August. The Board of Directors of Lnsimetro Oy decided on Friday 10 June to postpone the opening of the new line due to what they say is a hold-up in the safety testing of the technical systems.HSL redesigns bus routesNo new date for the opening of the line has yet been announced. All technical systems must be tested and after the testing is complete, authorities must approve the Metro lines facilities, systems and equipment before the line can be opened.
The Helsinki City Council has approved a proposal that concretizes the proposed new mayoral system and future sectors of the City of Helsinki organization. Helsinki will shift to a new mayoral system as of the beginning of June 2017. In the new system, the City Council elects the Mayor and four Deputy Mayors for the duration of the Council term. The Mayor also serves as the chair of the City Board, and the Deputy Mayors lead the sector committees.Another major change laid out in the proposal is the combination of the Citys more than 30 departments and municipal enterprises into four sectors, comprising social services and health care, education, culture and leisure, and the city environment.Read more:City Council decided on new governance system and sectors
City reforms Helsinki looks for working methods for participation with a surveyThe City of Helsinki invites residents to share their views on the best methods of participation and interaction. Ideas and perspectives are first collected with an online survey open to the end of July.The online survey is used to gather feedback from residents on how to promote cooperation and communication, and what type of matters should be prepared together with residents. The responses will be utilized in the further preparation of an interaction model and in future resident meetings. The survey is open through 31 July. The survey can also be taken using a printed form available from a number of city libraries and from the Virka-info service counter in the City Hall lobby area.Brainstorming and alternative participation models at joint development daysResidents can join the development of the participation model by applying to joint development days held 23 September. Applications can be submitted through 31 July. Invitations to join the days will be sent to 80 applicants.Joint development means that residents are engaged in City operations and development, says Mayor Jussi Pajunen. In a video statement, he invites residents to participate in the preparations and to help make Helsinki an even better city.The development of operating models for participation and interaction is related to the reform of the City governance system. One of the goals of the reform is to develop democratic decision-making and resident orientation. The preparations for the participation model are carried out by a participation working group appointed by the Mayor.The City Council will decide on the framework of the new governance system on 22 June and, in more detail, on the new service organization in the autumn 2016.Submit your application to the joint development days through the online survey (in Finnish).
The Stadin Slangi association has chosen Leena Uotila as Stadin Friidu and Pekka Sauri as Stadin Kundi of 2016. The selections were announced at 12 noon on the Espa stage on Helsinki Day 12 June 2016.
Stadin Friidu
Leena Marjatta Uotila was born in 1947 in post-war Stadi. Uotila has enjoyed a long and diverse career as an actor. She is remembered, for instance, from the 1970s drama series Solveigin laulu, the 1980s sketch series Hukkaputki and the 2000s comedy series Kuumia aaltoja.
Uotila was one of the founding members of Ryhmteatteri in 1967. She has later worked for long in several productions at Stadi's own Helsinki City Theatre. Many also remember her as the Finnish narrator of Moomin and the voice actor of several minor characters in the series, such as Fillyjonk. Leena Uotila won the Jussi Award for Best Leading Actress for her role in the 1975 film Rakastunut rampa.
"Stadin Friidu Leena ""Nenne"" Uotila does not put the light under a basket"," but will be even more of a Stadin Friidu in the future. ""I mean"," this is so rad to be a Stadin friidu! I'm all flattered. Thanks for choosing me!"" "
Choosing Leena Uotila as Stadin Friidu was easy, as the Kallio girl is a true stadi resident and she has also interpreted her roles relating to it by wearing her heart on her sleeve.
Stadin Kundi
Pekka Markus Sauri is a guy of the 50s, born on 31 May 1954. He has been a Deputy Mayor of Helsinki since 2003. Before his public servant career, he was a front row politician for the Green League for decades.
Sauri is a psychologist and holds a Doctor of Philosophy degree. The general public knows him though the Ylinja (Night line) radio programme, which he hosted from 1987 to 2002.
In 20052014 Sauri was the chairperson for the Finnish Central Association for Mental Health. ProCom  The Finnish Association of Communication Professionals named Sauri Director of the Year in 2014.
Pekka Sauri represents the stadi life of this generation in a truly modern way. He is very active in the social media when it comes to all things related to both everyday life and festivity in Stadi. Sauri seems to really enjoy his own job taking care of Stadi's business.
For the first time, the association also presented a Slang Award, which was given to Emmi Sulander. Emmi, born in 1993, wrote her bachelor's thesis about slang words that have been used in the Tsilari magazine over the last 20 years.
Stadin Slangi ry is Finland's biggest local heritage association whose important tradition for over 20 years has been to name the Stadin Kundi and Friidu of the year. No actual criteria have never been established, as each board establishes its own definitions. This has led to the range of people chosen over the years being both broad and diverse. Examples of these are the first Kundi and Friidu, Kari Rahkamo and Eva-Riitta Siitonen or last year's Heikki Harma and Anna Kortelainen.
The selection is based on the list of nominees, which is compiled during the beginning of the year. Anyone, whether a member of the association or not, can suggest a nominee. This year, the board first performed an elimination round with tens of nominees. A shortlist of the nine top nominees was published for the first time on 23 May 2016.
The Guards Bands own festival will demonstrate the versatile skills of the Guards musicians over the course of weekend on 9-12 June.The Guards Parade in downtown Helsinki, concerts at the park of Suomenlinna church as well as inside the church, and the chamber music concerts in the historical buildings of Suomenlinna will provide unforgettable experiences.Festivals special guest is the Lapland Military Band, the Conscript Band of the Finnish Defence Forces and musicians from the Orchestra of the Estonian Defence Forces. All events have free entrance with the exception of the sauna concert, planetarium and the hilarious folks evening.Read more:www.suomenlinna.fi
The roofs of the Helsinki Viikinmki wastewater treatment plant have gotten a new look. There are altogether 886 solar panels, installed on the roofs during the spring of this year. Electricity produced by the panels, together with plants own electric power production, covers all in all 70 per cent of the electricity consumption of the wastewater treatment plant. With the panels, Viikinmki becomes Finlands fifth largest solar power station. The solar power plant is part of HSYs energy efficiency programme wherein HSY pledges a nine per cent energy saving target by 2016, calculated from the 2010 level.The wastewater treatment plant, which is mainly built inside the rock, was kicked off in 1994. The Viikinmki rock-based wastewater treatment plant treats wastewater generated in the area of Helsinki, Mid- and Eastern Vantaa, Kerava, Tuusula, Jrvenp and Sipoo, i.e. by altogether ca. 800 000 inhabitants, and industry in those areas.The wastewater treatment consumes a lot of energy. Even though the solar power station erected in Viikinmki is quite an extensive construction by Finnish standards, it only covers some 0.6 per cent of the entire electricity consumption of the treatment plant. Energy is also collected at Viikinmki plant by re-covering heat from wastewater and ventilation, as well as by producing gas from digested sludge. The wastewater treatment plant nowadays produces all the heat it needs and, along with the installation of the solar panels, altogether some 70 per cent of the required electricity.
Read more
Helsinki Day, celebrated next Sunday on 12 June, offers countless ways to explore the home town, enjoy it and meet other city dwellers and visitors to the city. The programme of the day consists of almost a hundred events on-shore and off-shore, from the city centre to the neighbourhoods. This year, the programme puts emphasis on the people taking responsibility for their environment. There is also a lot of activities and programme for families with children.During the day, participants can explore the nature of Helsinki, for example, by paddling on a Rubbish excursion or by hiking on the Nightingale tour. Helsinki Day is also a fine opportunity to try new sports ranging from kendo to golf at several sports centre open house events and in the city parks. The entire family can celebrate the birthday of the city, for instance, at angling competitions, summer theatres or by having adventures at the Bird paradise.New things on this Helsinki Day are, for example, the Remote Helsinki city tour, the street musicians' Helsinki Day and the Stadi quiz king competition.Helsinki Day traditions are cherishedHelsinki Day starts at 9:00 a.m. on the inner courtyard of the Helsinki City Hall with morning coffee opened by Mayor Jussi Pajunen. The programme continues at the City Hall until 4:00 p.m. The programme includes several events for the entire family, such as a marshmallow party and toy swapping. In the afternoon, the visitors are also provided with a rare opportunity to inspect the Mayor's office and enjoy the views from the City Hall balcony.In accordance with the Helsinki Day tradition, the City of Helsinki acknowledges the first baby born on the birthday of the city.The City also awards the Helsinki Medal to distinguished citizens.The Stadin Slangi association's announcement of the Stadin kundi and Stadin friidu, that has been part of the Helsinki Day or more than 20 years, will take place on the Espa Stage at 12 noon. This year, the contestant for the title are, among others, Elastinen, Pekka Sauri, Pirkko Saisio and Krista Kosonen. Another much anticipated tradition of the day is Radio Aalto's Helsinki Day concert, where artists like Robin, J. Karjalainen and Cheek hit the stage. 
******The entire Helsinki Day programme is available at www.helsinkipaiva.fi. To make the finding and planning easier, the events have been put into nine different categories and they can also be viewed in the Eventmore event application. The event application can be downloaded at www.eventmore.io/app/helsinkiday.Entrance to all Helsinki Day events is free. Free tickets to events with a limited number of participants can be picked up at the City Hall's Virka Info starting Wednesday 8 June at 9:00 a.m. (Pohjoisesplanadi 1113 / Sofiankatu 1). Virka Info is open MonFri 919 and Sat-Sun 1016.There is a sign language interpreter for people with hearing impairment, who is available at the following events: Helsinki Day opening and morning coffee on the inner courtyard of the Helsinki City Hall at 99:30 a.m., the announcement of Stadin kundi and friidu at the Espa Stage at 12 noon12:30 p.m. and the Maltti and Valtti Live show for families with children at the Platform at 2:00 p.m. and 3:00 p.m.
There are two new exhibitions opening at Virka-galleria this week.8.6.11.9.: BONK EXPO 2016: The exhibition tells the story of how a Finnish family anchovy processing business Bonk Business Inc. from the 1800s grew to become a global industrial conglomerate. It features machinery, products and marketing from a period of more than a hundred years, as well as bizarre Finnish innovations and the heart-breaking tragedies and adventures that befell every generation of the Bonk dynasty. Producers: Alvar Gullichsen, Henrik Helpi, Olli Lehtinen, Magnus Scharmanoff, Richard Stanley and Magnus Weckstrm.10.6.11.9.: THE EMPERORS LEGACY. The exhibition sheds light on how the Russian history of the closed-off islands around Kruunuvuorenselk is connected to their mysterious nature today. The islands of Vallisaari and Kuninkaansaari will be opened to tourism in spring 2016. The fascinating story of the islands is told by photographs by Jarmo Nieminen and videos by Petri Asikainen. Their past is illustrated by paintings by Alpo Tuurnala. Guided tours and excursions will provide more information on the stories of these islands. More information: www.aarresaaret.fi.City Halls Virka Gallery produces 710 exhibitions in the main exhibition room of the lower lobby and the smaller Kulma. It also produces some short-term pop-up exhibitions. The exhibitions are open to everyone free of charge.Virka-galleria
The Helsinki City Board will discuss the proposal for a reform of the City governance system on 6 June. The proposal has been amended according to a decision made by the City Boards Governance Division on 30 May.The Chief Executive Officers right to introduce matters was changed so that the Chief Executive Officer could in some cases need permission from the Mayor or a Deputy Mayor to introduce a matter to the City Board or its division. In this case, for a good reason, the matter could be introduced by a sector head.According to the proposal, the education sector would consist of four segments  early and preschool education, comprehensive school education, general upper secondary and vocational education, and Swedish-language operations including the Swedish Adult Education Centre Arbis. The Finnish Adult Education Centre would be included in secondary education. The education committee would have a Finnish-language and a Swedish-language division.The city environment sector would consist of three segments, which would be land use and city structure, buildings and public areas, and services and permits. The city environment committee would have an environment and permits division and a buildings and public works division.The culture and leisure sector would have three segments, comprising culture, youth and sports. The culture segment would include the Cultural Office, Helsinki Art Museum HAM, Helsinki City Museum, the Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra and Helsinki City Library. The culture and leisure committees divisions would be culture, youth and sports.Helsinki Zoos position would be defined later.The social services and health care sectors segments would be family and social services, health care and substance abuse services, and hospital, rehabilitation and care services. The social services and health care committee would have one division.Decisions on new organizational structure during this yearAfter the City Board makes a decision on the reform, the matter will proceed to the City Council, which is expected to make a decision on the matter on 22 June. After the Council decision, preparations will start for a more detailed organizational structure so that all decisions on the organization can be made during 2016.Further preparations will be organized into similar group work as the preparations in the spring. The working groups will be appointed at the end of June.A working group will be appointed for each sector, tasked to form an organization for the segments and the sectors ordinance and to prepare necessary supervisor appointments and personnel transfers. The work of the sector working group will be coordinated by the sector coordination group.Further, working groups will be named to prepare the other parts of the administrative regulations, to prepare and to implement participation, to coordinate the cooperation procedure and to coordinate the organization of the sectors administrative and support services.The working groups should complete their work so that decisions can be made by the end of the year on the organization of the segments and the ordinance of the sectors.In terms of personnel transfers, the working groups should complete their work by February.Many matters, such as the division of powers among committees, divisions and office holders, will be defined in further preparations.After the Council decision, the offices of the Chief Executive Officer and sector heads can be established and declared open for applications.Read moreCity reforms
A joint museum day for the fortresss museums will be celebrated on Gustavs Day, 6 June. On that day there will be free entry to all six of Suomenlinnas museums. All museums will be open until 8 pm.You can visit the museums inexpensively anyway: in the summer season a combined ticket to Suomenlinnas museums is on sale (EUR 18). The combined ticket is valid all summer (1 May  30 September).More information on Suomenlinnas museums:Suomenlinna Museum
Ehrensvrd Museum
Submarine Vesikko
Mange of the Military Museum
Suomenlinna Toy Museum
Customs Museumwww.suomenlinna.fi
Would you prefer milking the cows at Viikki or simply enjoying morning coffees in the City Hall courtyard on Helsinki Day? The official programme has almost 100 events to choose from!Each year Helsinki Day inspires locals to organise activities or to take part themselves. This year too the annual festival is all about teaming up and doing things together.This years festival will highlight the themes of responsibility and environmental values. Volunteers can join a paddling excursion to pick up trash from the islands, and families can enjoy the Adventure in Bird Paradise on the island of Harakka. On the whole, families with children really have a lot to choose from this year., says Marianne Saukkonen, Producer of Helsinki Day.Helsinki Day is also a day for sports and exercise. Many sports centres have open doors, and those interested in Kendo and other Japanese sword disciplines can watch the demonstrations in Tlnlahti Park behind the Finnish National Opera. Alternatively, visitors can try House Yoga in Kaivopuisto Park.New activities this year include the Remote Helsinki city tour, Planet Suvilahti and performances by street musicians at the Culinary and Urban Culture Centre Teurastamo. You can also compete in the quiz championship in Dianapuisto Park.Helsinki Day will be officially opened by Mayor Jussi Pajunen, who invites locals and visitors to enjoy traditional morning coffees in the courtyard of City Hall at 9am. Traditional favourites in the programme include the announcement of the City Slang Man and Woman of the Year on the Espa Stage at 12noon, Dinner Under the Helsinki Sky along Pohjoisesplanadi starting at 5pm, and the Radio Aalto open-air concert in Kaisaniemi Park, which features pop star Robin and starts at 2:30pm.The official Helsinki Day programme has been published online at www.helsinkipaiva.fi/en. To make it easier plan your day, the events have been divided into nine categories. You can also search for events using the Eventmore app, which can be downloaded from www.eventmore.io/app/helsinkiday.Sign language interpreters will be available to assist people with hearing disabilities at the following events:
Helsinki Day opening and morning coffees in the City Hall courtyard, 9am9:30am
City Slang Man and Woman of the Year on the Espa Stage, 12noon12:30pm
Maltti ja Valtti live show for families at Laituri, 2pm and 3pmBackground informationHelsinki Day has been celebrated since 1959. The original initiative was proposed by the Helsinki Society. The date marks the founding of Helsinki by King Gustav Vasa of Sweden at the mouth of the Vantaanjoki river on 12 June 1550.Helsinki Day is organised by the City of Helsinki together with active residents.Read more:Make your plan for Helsinki Day - The days programme has been releasedEnjoy nature and activities on Helsinki Day
The English section of the Helsinki-info bulletins current edition presents the new Helsinki City Museum. The museum opened doors in mid-May in refurbished facilities at the Senate Square. We tell stories of Helsinki, says Director Tiina Merisalo, summing up the museums mission.Helsinki City Museum invites its guests to fall in love with Helsinki. The exhibits offer nostalgic moments to Helsinki residents and insiders for tourists and newcomers, the museum is a place for discovery.The museum takes visitors back in time to Helsinki environments, interiors and atmospheres over the past 250 years. The opening exhibition is Museum of Broken Relationships, which consists of objects donated anonymously by Helsinki residents and stories about farewells related to the objects.More stories about Helsinkis past are told by Diana Webster, a former lecturer at the University of Helsinki and one of the prominent Brits who have made their home in Finland. Helsinki-info presents her recent book entitled Finland Forevermore  Helsinki 19531963, in which she chronicles her first ten years in Helsinki.While telling her own story, Mrs Webster tells a tale of the city  a city with few restaurants, hardly any cafs and empty streets after dark. She says, I felt that it was important for someone who has personally experienced those days to write about them for later generations.In its regular series on immigrant life in Helsinki, Helsinki-info introduces Norwegian artist and musician Karstein Volle. Volle appreciates many aspects of Helsinki and Finland, and he believes that Finland is a good country for foreigners. However, he has encountered alarming racism. He says, Its harmful not to see immigrants as an opportunity to achieve something better.Read the above three articles and more at Helsinki-infoPdf-file (page 30 in English)
One of the most noticeable elements of the reform are the modern, touch-screen Travel Card readers. In addition, new ticket machines are introduced. Single-ticket machines are installed on trams. In future, displays at stops and the Journey Planner will display all vehicles in real-time.The new touch-screen card readers are easy to use. The card reader buttons are the same as before and you can buy all the same tickets as before. Only the 0 button, i.e. tram ticket, has been replaced by a picture of a tram.The installations will be completed in phases one vehicle at a time. During the transition period (about 9 months), there are both old and new card readers in use.Travel Cardswill also be changed. The change of cards will begin at the end of 2016 once all card readers have been changed. The cards will get a new look and new names at the same time.Read more:New card readers and ticket machines, real-time information on all transport services
The extensive area alteration project in Vuosaari Harbour is progressing. The construction work for Mets Fibres pulp terminal will begin in May. A one-kilometre-long connection rail will be constructed for the terminal, vehicle traffic will be rerouted and the old dockyard reservoir will be transformed into a storage space for empty containers.Most of the 30,000 square metres in the pulp terminal will be cold storage room. A small office and social facilities will be constructed at the end.The alterations in the harbour area are so extensive that the traffic connections to the harbour must also be reorganised. The rearrangements are set to be fully completed in the third quarter of 2017.The pulp will be transported to Vuosaari Harbour with 400-metre-long trains that can be fully unloaded in the pulp terminal area.Read more:Port of Helsinki
The decisions of the City often affect the operations of businesses, either directly or indirectly. Business Impact Assessment (BIA) means that the effects of the decisions on businesses has been recognised and that decisions are made with full knowledge of these effects. However, business impact assessment does not mean that the decisions are made on the businesses' terms alone.The decisions of the City affect the residents, but also the businesses. The city has experimented with how it would be possible to figure out the impact of the decisions on businesses  and consequently, for example, on jobs  in advance and in a more systematic way.Business impact assessment has been tested at a couple of city departments and now the model will be implemented throughout the entire city in accordance with a decision by the City Board. The decision is a step forward in realising Helsinki's aim of becoming the most business-friendly city in Finland.Anne Kangas, Managing Director of nursing home Pivkumpu, says that it has been a joy to see how well the BIA has been met. We have been spurring each other at joint workshops and the atmosphere has been very good, says Kangas.There have been representatives from businesses and the City at the workshops and a service designer has also been involved in the moulding of the BIA model. Kangas finds it important that the decisions are made with full knowledge of what kind of effects they have. However, this does not mean that the decisions are made on the businesses' terms alone. Instead, it is about recognising the perspective of the businesses in the decision-making.When the City initiates a big project, the bad effects can be minimised and the good effect strengthened, for example, by consulting the businesses.Kangas wants to know well in advance, for example, about upcoming tendering processes and changes in the use of service vouchers and things such as town planning and traffic planning close to the premises of the business.Information on these issues has, in Kangas' opinion, already been readily available, but she believes that the businesses' scope for action will improve further when the decision-making becomes increasingly reasoned.Nursing home Pivkumpu's Managing Director Anne Kangas emphasises that it is important that the City makes the important decisions with knowledge of their business impact.
Big benefit from methodicalnessChamber of Commerce Director Pia Pakarinen thinks that business impact assessment has undeniable advantages. Firstly, the assessment is made systematically to all decisions that meet the given criteria. The assessments are also done early enough  before the decisions have been nailed down. For example, the last summer's beer garden controversy concerning restaurants' beer garden furniture could have been avoided through a BIA. The consequences of decisions made by public servants or politicians do not have to be dealt with in the media, but systematically and jointly in advance.Pakarinen notes that the assessment of the effects of the decisions is not necessarily easy  especially if the businesses' ways of acting are not familiar. Business impact assessment does not mean that the decisions are always best from the businesses' perspective but that the effects on the businesses are recognised and that the decisions are made with full knowledge of these effects.At the BIA workshops, Pakarinen has noticed how useful it is to bring up issues in advance. If the public servants prepare these decisions alone, then all perspectives are not necessarily perceived and all effects of the decision cannot be predicted.In Pakarinen's opinion, there is no risk of increased bureaucracy because of BIA: the model is kept very simple. Instead, the assessment decreases the amount of negative feedback, which might arise in the future.At business impact assessment workshops Chamber of Commerce Director Pia Pakarinen has noticed how useful it is to talk about issues in advance.
Quick reconstruction of Iso-RobaThe reconstruction of Iso Roobertinkatu starts in the summer. Public Works Department Project Manager Tomas Palmgren has been involved in the analysis of its effects on the entrepreneurs in the area. There are around fifty businesses on Iso-Roba and the majority of them are smallish stores or restaurants, says Palmgren.By consulting them, we try to organise the construction works in a way that causes as little harm as possible to the entrepreneurs  and residents in the area.The businesses have wished that the reconstruction is done as quickly as possible and that access to the businesses would be possible during the works as well.The general overhaul of the area has been anticipated. The street has been seen as blocked, disordered and partly broken-down. The trees have grown to a point where they shadow too much and make the view blocked. The surface is in bad shape in places, as is the urban furniture.Palmgren tells that the objective of the reconstruction is to turn Iso-Roba into a comfortable and functional commercial street. The reconstruction will take about a year in total and it will not generate costs for the businesses. However, commerce could slow down during it.Among the things considered in the business impact assessment are the schedule for the reconstruction and the motor traffic flow on Iso-Roba, which is substantial for a pedestrian street.
Public Works Department Project Manager Tomas Palmgren has been involved in the analysis of the effects of the reconstruction on the entrepreneurs in the area.
Listening as early as possibleSanttu von Bruun, Head of Unit at Helsinki Economic Development, points out that businesses have a huge impact on the vitality of the city: they employ people and pay taxes. It is important that the businesses thrive and are competitive. The City's decisions have an immense impact on what possibilities of success the businesses here have. It is important to increase the information on the impact of the decisions, he states.Development Manager Minna Maarttola notes that the business impact assessment is done to integrate different interests. Some decisions may have positive effects on some of the businesses, but, at the same time, negative effects on others.In any case, business impact assessment results in that the decision are made with full knowledge of their effects. The business assessment should be done as early as possible, as then it can influence the preparation of a decision, says Maarttola.She points out that it is especially important to try to minimise the negative effects but, at the same time, the aim is to focus on strengthening the positive aspects.For example, in the case of Iso Roobertinkatu, this means that the general overhaul is done quickly and that the street is reconstructed to encourage enjoyment, as an area with beer gardens and ample views.Business impact analysis is done to integrate different interests, notes Development Manager Minna Maarttola at Economic Development, Helsinki City Executive Office.
When is business impact assessment or BIA needed?During the experiment, the City of Helsinki, the Helsinki Region Chamber of Commerce and the Regional Organization of Enterprises In Helsinki collaborated to prepare an operations model for business assessment. The model has been further developed and improved based on the feedback received.The model includes a battery of questions, which is designed to figure out, for example, the number of businesses and jobs affected by a decision and, for instance, if the decision may have an impact on the business activities in the future.The model has been piloted on the preparation of issues at the City Planning Department, the Real Estate Department and the Public Works Department in autumn 2015. The objective is to establish the model in phases as part of the regular operations at the different departments of the City and later in the City's new organisational model in 2017 as well.So when is the BIA actually needed?Minna Maarttola says that it is needed at least in the preparation of wide-ranging programmes of measures and development programmes.BIA is also a viable option for the regulation of business operations, such as beer garden instructions. Some detailed plans and changes of use of buildings are examples of issues closely connected to business impact assessment, as is comprehensive competitive tendering.
Further informationDecision Documents (only in Finnish)Video about BIA (only in Finnish)(Text: Kirsi Riipinen)
From the beginning of June the invoicing and financial services number 09 310 25300 is open from 9 am to 3 pm.You can also reach us via elecktronical form http://www.hel.fi/www/talpa/en/feedback/feedback/ and via email: talpa.asiakasmaksulaskutus@hel.fi.Please note, that the service number 09 25300 only can help with the inquiries concerning the invoice. Inquiries concerning the service received should be directed to the unit or the department > Contact information.
The Kruunusillat  Crown Bridges  project has passed the City of Helsinki committee procedure. The project will next move to the Helsinki City Board and City Council, which will discuss the project during the summer and autumn. The Crown Bridges project involves the construction of a tram route to connect the Helsinki city centre and Laajasalo over major new bridges.The City Planning Committee discussed the general plan for the project in the beginning of May. The general plan describes the proposed tram lines and project-related cycling and pedestrian paths. The plan also includes the projects cost estimate. The committee decided to propose to the City Board and further to the City Council that the general plan be approved.Because of the feedback from residents, the City Planning Committee also discussed an alternative tram route that would pass through the area north of Merihaka. However, the northern route fails to fulfill the travel time targets set for the tram line connecting the city centre and Laajasalo, and it would be more expensive and slower to realize.Further planning and the realization of the alternative tram route would be carried out with attention to the functionality, safety and recreational possibilities of the Merihaka waterfront area.
 In addition, a project plan was discussed earlier in May by the Public Works Committee and the Board of Directors of the Helsinki City Transport (HKL) municipal enterprise. The project plan describes the manner and timetable for implementing the project components described in the general plan. The Public Works Committee and the HKL Board of Directors also decided to propose to the City Board and Council that the plan be approved.The proposal will be discussed by the City Board during the summer. It will proceed to the City Council no earlier than the end of August. Consequently, it will be known in the autumn if light rail will serve Laajasalo at the beginning of 2026.Not only bridges
 The Crown Bridges  Kruunusillat  project would give the growing eastern Helsinki area of Laajasalo a smooth public transport connection to the city centre. The project would comprise 10 kilometres of rail lines, a cycling connection, pedestrian paths and piazzas. As part of the main rail and cycling routes, the project would improve connections in the entire Helsinki region. The most visible part of the project would be three new bridges, one of which (the 1,200-metre Kruunuvuorensilta) would be the longest bridge in Finland.Read more:Crown Bridges brochure
The new passenger terminal, West Terminal 2, will be opened in March 2017. The ship slots will serve the rapid ship traffic between Helsinki and Tallinn. The current terminal with its docks will also continue its passenger traffic operations. The check-in of passenger cars will be transferred entirely to the new area.
The construction of the West Harbour has progressed as planned. Most of the work is focused on the new passenger terminal, the Tyynenmerenkatu road and the check-in area for vehicles. Tyynenmerenkatu is connected to the new check-in area. The intention is to complete the new check-in area by the start of June before passenger traffic gets busier.
Passengers must move in an unfinished environment during the project. However, the temporary arrangements will be executed in a way that ensures as good an environment to walking and vehicle traffic in the area as possible.
The new passenger terminal, West Terminal 2 will be ready when Tallink opens for traffic its new natural gas operating vessel. The vessel is currently under construction at the Meyer Turku Oy dockyard.
Passenger corridors are linked to the terminal building and passengers move to and from the ship via the corridors. The new passenger corridors will also link the current and the new terminal together allowing access to all docks from both terminals.
Two new docks will be constructed for ships. Their structures are already mainly completed. The ship slots will serve the rapid ship traffic between Helsinki and Tallinn. The current terminal with its docks will also continue its passenger traffic operations.
One of the new docks will be equipped with an automated mooring system. The system will consist of remote-controlled suction cups on top of poles, and these will help in docking the ship.Read more
Port of Helsinki
Street-level businesses in the Helsinki inner city can now apply for a right to set up a parklet on the street parking lane at their business. The City of Helsinki Public Works Committee approved a proposal for a parklet experiment on 17 May 2016.A parklet is a sidewalk extension on a street parking space, which is temporarily put to some other use than parking. A business can lease a parklet, for example, for a caf terrace, green space or some other activity suitable for the street environment.A business owner should apply for a right to set up a parklet to the City of Helsinki Public Works Department with a parklet application form. The applicability of a parking space for parklet use can also be inquired by email before submitting the application at hkr.ulkoilma@hel.fi. The suitability of a parking space for parklet use is always assessed case by case.The number of parklets in an area is regulated, and no more than two street parking spaces can be assigned to parklets in the length of one city block. The Public Works Department also makes sure that the parking opportunities of local residents are not significantly compromised because of parklets.The parklet experiment is conducted in 2016 and 2017. Parking spaces are leased for the summer season AprilOctober. The experimental area covers the Helsinki inner city excluding the pedestrian section of the city centre. Parklets are leased for the sums listed in the Citys terrace price list.More information:Public Works Departments parklet instructions (in Finnish)
During the Night of the Arts, on 25-28 August, recycled plastic receives new life as part of Korean artist Choi Jeong Hwas marine installations in Senate Square. All city residents are now invited to join in creating huge marine animals by collecting plastic bags.In workshops during August, recycled plastic bags may be formed into a piece of a fin or an octopus tentacle. Recycled material will be collected starting in the spring in co-operation with the city residents.On display for the first time in Finland, Chois colourful art blends Korean tradition with the urban way of the world and global consumer culture. The cheeky ensemble of works constructed in Senate Square invites you to peek inside and draws your attention to marine protection and the gigantic plastic rafts that have been spotted floating on the worlds oceans.Plastic collecting:Give your old, clean plastic bags a new life by bringing them into the Sea Lives collecting bins between May 23rd and June 3rd. The collection points are located at Sanomatalos Mediatori and the lobbys of Stoa (Turunlinnantie 1), Malmitalo (Ala-Malmin tori) and Kanneltalo (Klaneettitie 5).Workshops:Mon 15th  Tue 16th August at noon6pm KanneltaloWed 17th  Thu 18th August at noon6pm MalmitaloFri 19th August at noon-6pm, Sat 20th at 10am4pm StoaMon 22nd  Wd 24th at 11am7pm Senate SquareThu 25th at 11am6pm Senate SquareThe installation is open at Senate Square 2528 AugustRead more
Helsinki Festival
Choi Jeong Hwa: Happy Together
A significant investment in district cooling energy is coming by building a second industrial-scale heating and cooling plant in Helsinki. This investment will reduce carbon dioxide emissions as fossil fuels can be replaced by heat pumps in district heat production.The new large heating and cooling plant will be builded in the cooling centre located under the Esplanade Park. Its production use will start in spring 2018. The investment will include two industrial-scale heat pumps producing cooling and heat. They will increase the cooling output of the Esplanade cooling centre to a total of 50 MW.- As a result of the investment, Helens carbon dioxide emissions will be reduced by an estimated 20,000 tonnes per year when we can replace the use of fossil fuels with heat pumps in district heat production, says Helens Director Heikki Hapuli.With district cooling, heat produced by the sun, machinery, equipment and people is recovered from homes, offices and shopping centres in Helsinki. Currently, cooling is produced in the summer period primarily in the Katri Vala heating and cooling plant and with cooling energy stores.With its district cooling system, Helen is the largest producer of solar heat in Finland. On the hottest days of the summer, it is possible to recover up to 800,000 kWh of renewable district heat a day with district cooling using the current capacity. This corresponds to the daily need for hot tap water of 250,000 Helsinki residents.Read more
Helen
We invite you to plan and establish new cross-cultural cafe at Pihlajamen lhiasema (community center)!Come and share your ideas and vision how new cross-cultural cafe should function. Come and meet new interesting people from different backgrounds and share your own stories with us!Planning meetings at Liusketie 3 A
(community center is located in bottom floor of apartment building)
Tuesday 24.5.16 at 17.30-19.00
Tuesday 31.5.16 at 17.30-19.00Planning meetings are facilitated by social service students Eeva Oksa & Satu Punju and community edicator -student Marjut Viitala- No language requirements
- Tea, coffee and snacks are served!
- Bring your friends!If you want further information, please contact:
Pihlajamen lhiasema (community center) phone. 09 3105 8566 or
eeva.oksa@metropolia.fi
satu.punju@metropolia.fi
marjut.viitala@edu.mamk.fi
Facebook: www.facebook.com/monikulttuurinenkahvila
The construction of the new Pasila station is now underway. The construction work causes changes to all movement in the vicinity of the station.Pedestrian and cycling path on Ratapihantie on the eastern side of the Pasila station closed from 23 May 2016The pedestrian and cycling path on the street of Ratapihantie on the eastern side of the Pasila station will be turned into a construction site, and it will be completely closed to all other traffic. The station-side elevator and staircase of the Opastinsilta bridge will also be out of use. The passage to tram stop 7A, 7B and 9 will change so that Ratapihantie will have to be crossed either on a pedestrian crossing or along the Opastinsilta bridge, and the construction site has to be passed on the opposite side of the street. The passages will be marked by signs.The construction work will complicate movement in the immediate vicinity of the station throughout the construction period to 2019. An alternative route to and away from the station platforms, for example, to the tram stops, goes through the northern underpass. Unfortunately, this route does not completely fulfill all accessibility requirements, because the passage from the tunnel to the platform ascends in a 5.5 degree angle. The tunnel is equipped with a Helsinki Region Transport (HSL) ticket machine.Pedestrian traffic moves to the sides of the Pasila station square on 23 May 2016The central section of the Pasila station square will be part of the construction site, and pedestrian traffic will move to the sides of the square. Passage to the public transport stops on the Pasilansilta bridge will remain the same.Changes on the station square in June 2016The eastern side of the station square will be taken over by the construction site at the beginning of June. Pedestrian traffic will continue to be steered to the sides of the square.The parking spaces on the station square will be out of use, except for six 30-minute parking spaces meant for park and ride. The parking ticket machine will be out of use from 1 June 2016 onwards. The taxi station will move to the western side of the square.Bicycle parking on the square will move to the western side of the square on 30 June, and there will be 30 bicycle parking places. There will be more bicycle parking near the northern underpass, and it is recommended that cyclists primarily seek parking there.
Changes on station square in July 2016The eastern entrance to the station will be closed at the beginning of July, and access to the station and to the Opastinsilta bridge will be through other entrances.After the construction work on the eastern side of the square is completed at the turn of the year 20162017, the western side will go under construction, and passages are moved to the eastern side. In its entirety, work at the square and station will be completed in late 2019, when the new commercial complex Mall of Tripla will open.Read moreHelsinki New Horizons - PasilaTripla
The City of Helsinki encourages the organisation of events on its beaches. The Yhteismaa ry association, known for the Cleaning Day, Dinner under the Helsinki sky, the Nappi Naapuri service and many other projects that further communality and casual urban culture, is trying out a new operational model with the city. This summer, anyone can come up with an idea and organise their own public event on 13 beaches in Helsinki without licence procedure, only an announcement is required.The idea behind Beach Summer came about in summer 2015 when Yhteismaa representatives heard of the Helsinki City Planning Department's new summer exhibition called Waterline. One of the motives for the exhibition was to tell of the Helsinki shoreline," which is over 130 kilometres long.""When I heard that 130 kilometres spoken out loud", I thought again that this is a miracle that probably cannot be found in any other place in the world and, above all, is open to all citizens. This is a unique thing even from a global perspective. We started working with Meri Louekari from the City Planning Department to come up with ideas on how we could encourage Helsinkians to find this common treasure. We decided to invent a method where the citizens enjoy the summer along our beach route," both in east and west""", says Yhteismaa's Tanja Jnicke, who invented the Beach Summer concept.The City Planning Department liked the idea and passed the challenge to the Public Works Department, which is responsible for the most part of the city's joint premises. The Public Works Department liked the idea as well, and the representatives of the Police and the Rescue Department were sympathetic to it, too.In summer 2016," the Economic Development unit of the Helsinki Executive Office joined the ranks of the Beach Summer project.""The idea was so good that we wanted to assume part of the responsibility for making the event possible in the future as well. We hope that people get excited and seize this opportunity""", says Advisor Pivi Munther from the Economic Development unit.Announce your event easily through the Rantakesa130km.fi websiteThe event areas are 13 different places that have been selected along the beach route. At these places, the licence process is scratched in favour of an announcement process, which makes it easy and uncomplicated for anyone to arrange an event.Small or big things can happen along the beach route during the summer. The event season starts on Helsinki Day on 12 June and continues through the summer until 11 September.Announcing an event can be done conveniently on the Beach Summer website and no separate licences are needed. However, the events must be open to all and free of charge," and no ""carouse festivals"" or commercial events will be accepted.If needed", Yhteismaa will provide advice and assistance for the event organisers, in practical things as well," but each producer is responsible for their own event. ""We believe that when we provide an opportunity to use the common city space in a nice way"," the people will also take responsibility for the joint premises"""," believes Tanja Jnicke.""The renewed website has been opened and now we are waiting with excitement what kind of events are popping up on the map""", ponders Yhteismaa's Pauliina Seppl, who participates in the maintenance of the event concept.Further informationFacebook page
Rantakes#yli130kmBeach Summer website and event locations map
rantakesa130km.fiThe Beach Summer started with the Laituri exhibition in 2015
HAM will bring two temporary installations by Yayoi Kusama to Helsinki. One isto be sited in Esplanadi park and the other in the Winter Garden. Both will be completed in time for Helsinki Day, 12 June 2016. Japanese Yayoi Kusama (born 1929) is one of the worlds foremost contemporary artists who is known for public works of art.Part of Esplanadi park will be transformed. Ascension of Polka Dots on the Trees will establish a wonderland in the park when 20 trees in Theatre Esplanadi are wrapped in Kusamas dotted fabric. Kusamas hallmark is an endless profusion of polka dots. Polka dots represent many things for her, such as the Sun, which provides energy for life and to the entire planet. The work will be unveiled on Helsinki Day at 1 pm by Mayor Jussi Pajunen and will be on show until 9 October. The work has previously been on show in London, Singapore, Moscow and elsewhere.Kusamas work in the Winter Garden will be installed in the Palm Room. Consisting of a thousand mirror-surfaced steel spheres, Narcissus Garden is named after the youth in Greek mythology who fell in love with his own reflection in the water. Kusama presented the first version of the piece as far back as 1966 at the Venice Biennale. Narcissus Garden will be on display in the Winter Garden until 4 September.These works have been inspired by beautiful nature and people, and they create communication between nature and living beings. The shining city of Helsinki, as well as the life we wish for becomes even more beautiful, says Yayoi Kusama.
Read More
HAM
Management of long-term unemployment suffers from the ineffective division of duties between the Government and municipalities. The Government has shifted responsibilities and costs to municipalities, but the poor authority of municipalities and their insufficient access to information hinder employment, states the City of Helsinki 2015 Audit Report.The responsibility for employment management lies with the Government, but the municipalities bear increased responsibilities for the costs of long-term unemployment. In 2015, the City of Helsinki paid EUR 56 million of the municipal share of the labour market subsidy.Labour market subsidy is no longer paid to unemployed persons if they receive employment, subsidized employment, employment on trial basis or employment in rehabilitative work activities, or they enter training or studies on full-time basis.Consequently, the City has a great economic incentive to organize motivating activities for the long-term unemployed, but the Citys limited authority complicates active employment management. Subsidized employment and employment on trial basis require a decision by the TE (employment) office. The Citys own measures are not obliging to the unemployed.The Audit Report states that, as such, the current division of duties between the Government and municipalities is unreasonable from the point of view of the City.According to the Audit Report, municipalities employment management is also complicated by insufficient access to information.According to the Local Government Act, the Audit Committee is a body directly subordinate to the City Council. The Audit Committee assesses the achievement of the goals set by the City Council.The Audit Committee approved the 2015 Audit Report on 13 April, and the report will be discussed by the City Council on 22 June.The Audit Report is in Finnish. It is available online.Read more:City of Helsinki Audit Department
City procurement data, historical aerial photos and postal code areas are among the most downloaded open data on the Helsinki Region Infoshare service.The usage statistics of Helsinki Region Infoshare (HRI) reveal that the service's most downloaded dataset of all time are the procurement data files released by the City of Helsinki. The pioneering open data service marks its fifth anniversary in May.The Helsinki procurement data contains tens of thousands of transactions made by city departments, from stationary purchases worth less than one euro all the way to the city's half-billion-euro contribution to the health care operations of the Helsinki and Uusimaa Hospital District. The cities of Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen today publish all their procurement transactions as open data on the Helsinki Region Infoshare website.Launched in March 2011, the HRI service distributes municipal public data from the Helsinki Metropolitan Area cities for free use by anyone. One of the tasks of the HRI clearing house team at City of Helsinki Urban Facts is to assist the cities in opening their own data holdings.For the most part, the data produced by the cities is already public on the basis of the Openness of Government Activities Act. The aim of HRI is to make the opening of data part of the everyday activities of city officials. There is less and less need for the citizens to make specific requests to the cities to get the information they need, as the data is accessible online through the HRI service and open interfaces, says HRI project manager Tanja Lahti.Among those who make use of the data opened by cities are journalists, universities and application developers. In the spring of 2016, the most downloaded dataset of HRI is a file containing the boundaries of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area postal code districts. This type of geographic information is basic material required by the developers of various location-based web services. Previously such data has been subject to fees, but now the public administration offers the information produced with taxpayers' money as open data for free use by everyone.The number of visitors on the HRI website have grown steadily. At the moment, the monthly traffic amounts to approximately 9,000 visitors. There have been about one million page views and more than 67,000 downloaded open data sets.Besides file downloads, open data can also be distributed by way of open Application Programming Interfaces (APIs), much valued by developers. An open interface allows you to retrieve data for your own application by making simple data queries.
Open interfaces to information systems are the most efficient way to distribute constantly up-to-date data. In the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, such interfaces include Helsinki Region Transport's route and schedule data as well as the Open Ahjo interface for the City of Helsinki decision-making data, says Tanja Lahti.The construction of open APIs to the cities' information systems is only in its early stages. Helsinki, for instance, has over 800 information systems but so far just a handful of open interfaces. Open APIs are useful not only for application developers but also the city itself. HRI gives assistance to the cities in developing their open interfaces.An outstanding example of the use of open APIs is the Helsinki Metropolitan Area Service Map built by the cities in the capital area. The map shows 13,600 public services intended for the citizens, from day care centres to rug-washing piers and public artwork. The data behind the service map is retrieved through open APIs from a number of data sources opened by the cities, explains Tanja Lahti.When opened in 2011, HRI was the first Finnish open data service and one of the first of its kind in Europe. It has set the standard for other open data services in public administration and gathered many accolades. In June 2013, HRI won a European Union prize for public service innovation. The prize sum of EUR 100,000 was used to enhance the interoperability of the open datasets and to foster the growth of a local open data community. More infromation: Helsinki Region Infoshare website
Where would you like to see street art in Helsinki? Do you have a building or a place in mind that is especially in need of some color and cheering up? More Street Art In Helsinki is running a contest where three locations in Helsinki get the chance to win a street art face-lift, designed and executed by high-class street art professionals. The contest is running from 2nd of May until 6th of June, 2016.
The artists working on the pieces will take the residents preferences and views into consideration. More Street Art In Helsinki will be responsible for covering the costs of the design and the execution of the three art pieces, as well as for applying for the necessary permits for the pieces from the city.
In this contest anyone is welcome to suggest a suitable place for street art in Helsinki: we are looking to hear suggestions from residents, neighborhood associations, public actors, real estate owners, organizations and other communities. From all of the competition entries, The More Street Art In Helsinki -team will pick three winning locations. The places will be chosen based on the areas need and suitability for street art. Also the visibility and accessibility of the location are taken into consideration.Take part in the contest by filling out the form by Monday 6th of June, 2016. The winners of the contest will be announced on 14th of June, 2016. The aim is to paint the street art pieces in the three chosen locations during August 2016.More Street Art In Helsinki is a project that aims to enliven the city with street art and bring street art to places where it is most needed. Street art provides easy tools for creating lively, comfortable and attractive environments. Impressive murals have the potential to improve livability and safety of a neighborhood as well as to highlight aspects of its identity.Read more
Take part in the contest
There will be major changes to public transport in the Helsinki region when the extension of the Metro from Ruoholahti, Helsinki to Matinkyl, Espoo opens on the 15th of August. At the same time, bus routes are reorganized in Lauttasaari, Koivusaari and Lehtisaari. This week HSL distributes an information leaflet to all households in the area affected by the changes.The leaflet (pdf) presents the changes to the transport system brought about by the extension of the Metro. The leaflet contains, for example, new route maps and a list of bus routes.
In Helsinki the changes to bus routes affect in particular people living in Lauttasaari, Lehtisaari and Kuusisaari. At the same time, bus routes are renumbered in Espoo so that even if the routes of some buses do not change, the route numbers may change. HSL will eliminate duplicate route numbers in different municipalities and two-digit route numbers will in future be used only in Helsinki.More
Find out more about the new routes
Information leaflet about West Metro and new bus network (pdf)
A culturally and economically themed visit to Beijing by the City of Helsinki ended on Sunday, 15 May. Entitled Moi Helsinki, the programme presented to Beijing audiences top-level art and culture from Helsinki, the know-how of Finnish enterprises and Helsinki as a tourism destination.The programme was used to strengthen the cultural-exchange and economic ties that Helsinki and Beijing have been building during the sister-city relationship of the cities over the past ten years. In addition to the cities of Helsinki and Beijing, the project was joined by Finlands Ministry of Education and Culture, Ministry of Employment and the Economy and Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The participants of Moi Helsinki included 60 artists, more than 60 Finnish enterprises and 20 other organizations.The main event of Moi Helsinki took place at the Xidan Culture Square, which was the stage of a three-day cultural programme. Other Moi Helsinki programme items, organized in Beijing over the week, comprised five economic development events, concerts, a fashion show by Aalto University and educational events.Main event at Xidan Culture Square complicated by technical problems on SaturdayThe main event at the Xidan Culture Square on Saturday suffered from technical problems, as the local authorities prohibited the use of electrical equipment because of rain. As a result, Saturdays programme had to be cancelled. However, Sunday was a sunny day, and the days programme was carried out according to plan attracting a large audience.It is estimated that the main event was attended by more than 25,000 people. The audience watched the programme on stage and attended the rest of the events programme with interest. The longest queues formed in the tourism and childrens activity sections.Business promotion events attracted large audiencesMoi Helsinkis five economic development events were attended by more than 500 representatives of diverse businesses, universities, research institutes and other organizations. The goal of the events was to promote the business opportunities of Finnish enterprises in China. The themes of the events were indoor air quality, development of winter sports venues, startup entrepreneurship, the arctic marine industry and tourism. The events were organized in cooperation with Finpro, Slush China, SeaFocus and several Chinese industry organizations.Helsinki Cultural Director Stuba Nikula stated at 19:00  7 p.m.  after the gates closed in Beijing on Sunday, The cancellation on Saturday hurts, but the majority of the five-day programme was completed according to plan. Sunday was a success and the business events were also successful, which saved a great deal of the undertaking. We now monitor with interest the visibility of the programme in the Chinese media and on local social media channels.The goal of the programme was to open doors in Beijing to diverse know-how from Helsinki. We achieved this goal well, and its now up to the participating artists and enterprises to make the most out of the opportunities opened for them, Nikula said.
Artists and artistic content of Moi Helsinki:
Other Moi Helsinki programme:
Read moreMoi Helsinki website (only in English and Chinese)
A new campus of Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences to be built in the eastern Helsinki district of Myllypuro was granted a building permit on 10 May. The campus will consist of four 5- to 8-storey buildings that are connected to each other. The prominent building complex, to be located in the area of the Myllypuro metro station, will be partially above the metro rails.The main entrance leading to lobbies opens to the plaza of the campus courtyard. This level also accommodates large meeting spaces, a cafeteria and spaces for liaising with businesses. The upper levels accommodate versatile teaching facilities, open learning environments, a library and work spaces for teachers and the administration. The levels below the plaza accommodate workshops and laboratories, sports halls, maintenance facilities and parking.The teaching facilities of the campus have been designed to be as flexible as possible, as the facilities should serve many different functions and enable efficient use of space. Apart from specialized spaces, teaching facilities can be reserved flexibly with a space management system. The hallways accommodate open learning environments for students to work on their own.The Myllypuro Campus is designed for 6,000 students and 500 staff. It will be the largest one of Metropolias four campuses. The Myllypuro Campus will comprise the following functions:Campus construction will take place 20162019.Read more:Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences
The first international cruise ships of the summer arrived in Helsinki on 9 May. The same day, three large vessels docked in Hernesaari and Melkki pier in Jtksaari. This year, the Port of Helsinki Ltd is launching a price incentive, offering lower waste charges for international cruise ships leaving wastewater in Helsinki.The first international cruise liners arrived in Helsinki this year are Regal Princess, Celebrity Silhouette and Costa Luminosa. A total of 245 visits from cruisers have been booked for this summer. This is nine visits more than last summer, when the number of passengers reached the all time high of 436,500. This year, the estimated number of cruise visitors to Helsinki is 420,000.To make the wastewater collection particularly from cruise liners more efficient this season, the Port of Helsinki is initiating a new price incentive, which mostly affects vessels carrying passengers. The charge for a vessel leaving wastewater into the port is 20% lower than for vessels not leaving in their wastewater. The objective of the Port of Helsinki is that all vessels leave their wastewater into the port in the future.The previous year, nearly 80% of international cruise ships left wastewater at Helsinki piers. In Helsinki, each pier has a sewage collection system that leads the wastewater straight to HSY, the Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority, to be processed. With the Baltic Sea challenge, the Port of Helsinki stopped charging for wastewater in 2008. Since then, ships have been able to pump out their wastewater to the receiving devices in all mooring spots without a separate charge.The International Maritime Organization IMO made a decision 22 April 2016 concerning the regulations on the Baltic Sea special area. These regulations prohibit pumping sewage straight into the sea. All Baltic Sea nations stood unanimously behind this decision.The new regulations will become effective for new vessels 1 June 2019.Read more
Helsinki City Transports Bicycle Centre at the Narinkka Square in Kamppi is open again, assisting and advicing cyclists over the summer season and in the autumn to the end of October. The doors are open from Monday to Saturday, 1018.The core activities of the centre include hands-on advice in bicycle maintenance and small-scale instant repairs. The staff helps and advices customers with the use of Helsinkis new city bikeshare system and with other cycling-related matters from journey selection to traffic rules. The centre, built into shipping containers, resembles a public bulletin board, and it serves as a meeting place for cyclists and others.Customers can service their bicycles by themselves with the help of guidance from the mechanic on hand. In fact, one of the main functions of the Bicycle Centre is to give citizens facilities, tools and guidance in bicycle maintenance and so to encourage citizens to take initiative and to learn new skills.The local shoe repair shop Metrosuutari at the Kamppi Center lends cyclists basic tools for bicycle repair also outside the Bicycle Centre service hours. The shoe repair shop is open MondayFriday 721, Saturday 1018 and Sunday 1218.Cycling-related events can be organized at the Bicycle Centres shipping containers free of charge. The centre can provide event organizers with sound equipment, electricity and the use of two containers, one of which serves as a stage. Events organized at the containers need no event permits.Contact the Bicycle Centre by phone at +358 40 081 7082 or by email at info@pyorakeskus.info. The centres website is at www.pyorakeskus.info.The Bicycle Centre is organized and maintained jointly by the City of Helsinki and entrepreneurs. The centre maintenance is managed by Helsinki City Transport in cooperation with Velobia Bike Company. The centre is one of the projects by which the City of Helsinki promotes cycling.Read more:Bicycle centre
Helsinki City Transport and Helsinki Regional Transport offer rides with rose cars on Mother's Day, Sunday 8May. For the first time a rose metro train will be added to the traditional rose tram on Mother's Day. In the rose cars the operators will offer roses to mothers, and all passengers can listen to music performances.An Artic tram will serve as a rose tram, whereas one of Helsinki City Transport's new M300 series metro cars, new M300 series metro cars, carrying passengers for the first time, will serve as a rose metro. This first metro train will be put into regular passenger traffic later.The rose tram will circulate the route Tl depot  Mannerheimintie to the City  Aleksanterinkatu  Market Square  Snellmaninkatu  Hakaniemi  Kallio  Sports hall  Opera  Runeberginkatu  Tl depot. Departures from the Tl depot every hour on the hour at 11a.m., 12noon, 1p.m and 2p.m.The rose tram displays Ruusuratikka/Rosenvagnen as destination sign and has stickers on the side windows with the text Maailman paras iti (World's best mom). The rose tram can be boarded at all stops. The tram will stop for a while at the Market Square, where the operators will hand roses to mothers.The passengers in the rose tram will be amused by the Helsinki duo Kaikuluotain comprising Marjut Salonen (song) and Jorma Vartiainen (guitar). The repertoire is picked with care they want every cover to be arranged as uniquely as possible. Besides covers, Kaikuluotain also produce their own music.The rose metro will operate between Itkeskus and Ruoholahti. The train departs from the central track at Itkeskus at 11:03a.m., 12:03p.m. and 1:03p.m. The central track is next to the track for trains heading downtown. The train departure times from Ruoholahti are 11:27a.m., 12:27p.m. and 1:27p.m. The train will stop at all stations and operate like a normal metro train between other departures.The rose metro can be recognised from stickers on the side windows with the text Maailman paras iti (World's best mom). Timetables permitting the operators will also hand out roses on the platform by the central track at Itkeskus before departure.A Werner Bros. show foursome will perform in the rose metro train. The performance is made up of skilfully played music, humour and positive male energy. The music of the Werner Bros. show goes back from today all the way to the 1930's.Read more:Helsinki City TransportHelsinki Region Transport
The worlds best city energy grants will be awarded on a weekly basis, starting from week 20 until the end of July. Applications can be completed and voted for at the address helen.fi/kaupunkienergiaa (in Finnish).City events are not only given financial support, but also visibility and audibility in the communication channels of Helen and its partner Bassoradio. The selections emphasise the urban cultural value, diversity and responsibility of the projects, as well as the popularity of the applications.Helen Ltd gave grants to events for the first time last summer, and almost 350 events sent out their applications. Ten of them were awarded with a grant of 3,000 euros. This year, grants are awarded to as many as twenty events, and it is possible to apply for a grant worth either 1,000 or 3,000 euros.Read more
Helen
Collection of energy waste will be replaced in May 2016 by collection of plastic packaging waste at 3,200 properties that are customers of Helsinki Region Environmental Services (HSY). This means that energy waste will no longer be collected from these properties.The transition period at the trial properties will be in MayJune, during which time collection of energy waste ends and the trail collection of plastic packaging waste begins. The trial will end in autumn 2017.
The collected plastic packaging waste will be recycled and used as raw material for new products. The goal is to reduce the need for primary plastic raw materials in production. Plastic packaging waste acceptable for recycling includes shampoo bottles, yoghurt containers, plastic bags, and the plastic packaging of cold cuts, cheese and ready meals.
Waste containers at participating properties will be provided with stickers that contain instructions for the sorting of plastic waste. Residents will receive sorting instructions with pictures by mail during May. Instructions will be mailed to 120,000 households. Upon request, HSY will deliver the instructions in Swedish. In addition, instructions with pictures will be posted at waste facilities, and handouts will be posted in hallways. HSY requests that property managers order these instructions from HSY, which will deliver them free of charge.The trial collection of plastic packaging waste includes properties that are customers of HSYs energy waste collection. HSY requested property managers to report by the end of March which properties would participate in the plastic packaging trial.Read more:HSY
A substation will be builded in Kalasatama to strengthen electricity distribution in nearby areas and to improve the security of electricity supply. The building will be completed in February 2017. After that, the process equipment installations and distribution network cabling will be started. The substation will be inaugurated in autumn 2017.
The substation will be built along the street area planned as an extension of Vilhovuorenkatu. In terms of the citys landscape, the area commands a key location in the immediate vicinity of a valuable cultural environment, and this has been taken into account in the substation architecture. In the final stage, a graffiti fence will be built around the substation, and the appearance of the building will be enhanced with high-standard concrete and metal structures.
The city is developing in Kalasatama, Srnistenniemi and Sompasaari, and electricity consumption in these areas is increasing. In addition to building a substation, a new underground distribution network will also be built in the area.Helen Shkverkko spends about EUR 40 million in investment each year to maintain the capitals top-class security of supply. The average length of a power cut experienced by a Helsinki resident is 30 minutes every ten years.Read more
Helen
City bikes will start rolling onto Helsinki streets on 2 May. The official opening of the city bike service will be held at 2.30pm-6pm at Narinkkatori. Everyone is welcome to attend the event and test the new city bikes, participate in prize draws and enjoy music from top artists.Opening day eventThe event will open at 2.30pm with speeches after which representatives of the event organizers  Alepa, HKL and HSL  will ride a number of the new city bikes to bike stations around the city center.Music will be performed by Stig at 3.30pm and by Ellinoora at 5pm.All are welcome to try the city bikes on a test track at the venue. HKLs Bicycle Center provides advice on the use of the city bike system and maintaining your own bike. HSL will provide information on the new journey planner. The new Reittiopas currently under development tells the location of city bike stations and helps you to find the best routes also for cycling. You can also participate in prize draws or get a free saddle cover and city bike water bottle.To register as a city bike user, go to hsl.fi/citybikes. This year, in total 50 bike stations are built around the city center between Ruoholahti, Taka-Tl and Srninen. All 500 bikes will be available at the bike stations from early May. More bikes and stations will be added next year: there will be in total 1,500 bikes and 150 bike stations. The new Reittiopas shows the locations of bike stations and the availability of bikes at each station. You can try the new Reittiopas at beta.reittiopas.fi/kaupunkipyrt.Read moreHelsinki Region TransportRegister as userHelsinki cycling scene on exhibit at Laituri
The new edition of the City of Helsinkis international news bulletin Helsinki News focuses on openness in government in Finland and how this principle manifests itself in the Helsinki city administration.Helsinki University Dean and Professor Hannu Nieminen explains Finlands principle of openness and its roots, involving full release of government documents, as well as what the principle means to citizens and the media.One of the ways in which the Helsinki city government displays transparency is with open data  by releasing public-sector data to be freely used by everybody. A prime case of transparency is presented by Open Ahjo, the citys electronic decision-making system, which contains all information related to every decision from initiative to closing. Uniquely, Open Ahjo provides the information through an open application programming interface (API), which makes it easy to review city decisions.Finnish Broadcasting Company data journalist Teemo Tebest explains the opportunities offered by open data to journalism.Helsinki News 1-2016 presents the latest developments in the Smart Kalasatama programme. The Kalasatama district, under construction at the site of a former harbour, has been designated by the City of Helsinki as a development platform for smart urban solutions.The edition also presents the new Helsinki Art Museum (HAM) and its role in the Helsinki art and entertainment scene.Read Helsinki News 1-2016Read more:
Public sculptures are centrally located in the various districts of the city, in places where people live their daily lives and celebrate special occasions. HAM is now collecting and archiving urban history through various events and online.Around 250 of the sculptures gracing Helsinkis parks, streets and squares belong to the HAM collection  or, in other words, the shared collection of all Helsinkians. All in all, the cityscape has nearly 500 outdoor sculptures, works of environmental art and historical monuments.Memories can be submitted online at hamhelsinki.fi/en/sculpture-memory. The memories will be published on the Sculpture Memory site. The site also includes a search engine to find out more about individual public sculptures.HAM is collecting sculpture memories as follows:
 Friday 29 April, 4-7pm, HAM free admission night
 Saturday 14 May, 12-3pm, Arabia street festival
 Saturday 21 May, 2-5pm, Idn kyljuhla neighbourhood eventRead more:HAMHelsinkiPublic sculptures
The major Helsinki event presents Finnish fashion to professionals and the general public alike.The Helsinki fashion week 2029 May, Helsinki New  Fashion Showcase, acquaints everybody with the latest trends in materials, styles and Finnish fashion design. This annual international event promotes the fashion sector and seeks to increase sales.In addition to the professional programme, the week has something for everybody, including Marimekko fashion shows in the Esplanade Park and a pop-up shop that sells fashion by Finnish designers  the Helsinki New shop (inner courtyard at Uudenmaankatu 46).A ticket to the event allows anybody to attend the professional programme: an Aalto University fashion seminar, the spring show by Aalto students, and a textile show at the Cable Factory. Design Museums exhibition on Finnish artist Daniel Palillo, opened in April, continues through the fashion week. Palillo focuses on fashion and society.Original design from FinlandThe Helsinki fashion week is produced by Martta LouekariandMiia Koski of Juni Communications & Production.Louekari says, Young Finnish designers are already successful in high-standard international fashion competitions owing to their originality. Finnish fashion is becoming increasingly well-known, and the sales of the sector should also grow. The fashion sector requires versatile new business models and international networks. Internationally successful Finnish fashion brands include Minna Parikka, available at large shopping centres Samuji, which has a new shop in Helsinki and has increased sales in Asia and Aalto International by Paris-based Tuomas Merikoski, which boasts a long list of resellers.Other exciting names in Finnish fashion include Hanna Riihelinen & Emilia Hernesniemi R/H with their online sales. The traditional fashion enterprises Turo and R-Collection have renewed themselves. And the designers of the traditional brands Marimekko and Vuokko show high originality.If Finnish fashion were a tale, it would be an original one, whether focusing on the long term or short term.International fashion professionals gather in HelsinkiHelsinki New  Fashion Showcase will gather together approximately 40 Finnish and international fashion professionals, including designers and buyers from Japan, France, Denmark and New York. The event will be attended by some of the hottest names in the international fashion media.According to Koski and Louekari, international attendants are attracted to Helsinki by the Aalto University fashion programme, the originality of Finnish fashion designers and the spring of Helsinki with its many offerings including excellent restaurants.The partners of Helsinki New are American Express, Knowit, Marimekko, Miltton and TRE, Aalto University, Design Museum, the City of Helsinki and the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.Read more:Helsinki New eventsText: Tiina Torppa
Photos: Susa Junnola
The Helsinki Airport is going through a large-scale expansion that aims to improve the airports facilities as well as strengthen its competitive position among the big European airports. The improvements are expected to take several years.
The development program for the Helsinki Airport was launched in spring 2014 with the aim of a major improvement in the airports services, facilities, and traffic arrangements by 2020. The 64-year-old airport is going through its seventh expansion project with heavy investments. The overall budget for the project is 900 million euros.
By 2020, the Helsinki Airport expects to provide services for 20 million passengers annually.The current major renovation project will be carried out gradually. The terminal areas will be increased by 45 percent and the capacity for baggage handling by 50 percent. In June 2016, the waiting area for non-Schengen will be expanded and the capacity of the border and transit passenger controls will be increased.The Helsinki Airport was opened in 1952 to facilitate the Helsinki Olympics that year.The current terminal building was opened in 1969 and since then has gone through several renovations. Today the airport has three runways in use.Read more:
Finavia
This spring festival is a popular carnival that has traditionally been celebrated by workers and students. On the eve of May Day 30 April students gather at the Market Square to wash the statue of Havis Amanda and place a student cap on her head. The celebrations continue throughout the city.
The following morning everyone gathers in Kaivopuisto Park and Ullanlinnanmki for a picnic or at a local restaurant to enjoy a traditional May Day brunch. Parades and other events are also held around town.
Some of the attractions, art museums and saunas are open also during May Day, see the opening hours for sights and attractions.Health stations are closed on Saturday 30 April and Sunday 1 May. When local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services.
Read more:Social and health care services in Helsinki at the 1st of May 
Read more:www.visithelsinki.fi
Finlands largest solar power plant started operations in the Kivikko district of Helsinki. Owned by Helen Ltd, the solar power plant has almost 3,000 solar panels, and its estimated annual production corresponds to the annual consumption of about 350 one-bedroom apartments.The total output of Helens solar power plants  Kivikko and Suvilahti, which started operations a year ago  exceeds one megawatt. This is about 13% of the solar power production connected to the national grid.The almost 3,000 solar panels of the solar power plant were installed on the roof of the Kivikko ski hall during the winter and spring, and all of them are now generating electricity.The panels are leased out as designated panels. A designated panel costs EUR 4.40 per month, and the panels yield is refunded on the customers electricity bill. The customer is refunded for the first month, April, but no charge is made. Almost half of the Kivikko solar panels have already been leased out.Read more:Helen
Four major bridges in Helsinki are under renovation. They are the overpass at the Haaga intersection crossing over the Hmeenlinna highway (Finnish national highway 3) at Mntslntie 9 the eastern bridge of the Viikintie road over the Vantaa river at Viikintie 1 the northern bridge of the Itvyl motorway over the street of Siilitie in Herttoniemi, south of the metro station and the southern overpass at the Viikintie intersection crossing over the street of Sahaajankatu.The renovation includes replacement of edge beams, surface structures, railings and lighting. The bridges are located at busy roads, and the renovation work causes traffic interruptions on the sections that run underneath or on the bridges. As possible, the main traffic interruptions are scheduled for July, when traffic volumes are at their lowest.The renovation work started on 15 April and will continue to 31 October 2016. The contractor is Destia Oy Etel-Suomi (Destia in southern Finland), and the constructor is HKR-Rakennuttaja.More information: Project Manager Juhani Mkinen, City of Helsinki Public Works Department, tel. +358 (0)9 310 38899, email firstname.lastname@hel.fi.
The long-awaited city bikes will be on the streets of Helsinki from 2 May - register as user.City bikes are shared-use bicycles that can be borrowed for a fee by anyone in central Helsinki. Your chosen season pass covers up to 30 minutes of bike use per time. For an extra charge, you can use a bike for a maximum of five hours at a time. After the ride, the bike is returned to a bike station.By the summer of 2016, there will be 500 bikes in 50 locations around the city. The bikes will be kept at bike stations around the city center between Ruoholahti, Taka-Tl and Srninen. The bike stations will be located at approximately 300-meter intervals.Read more:Helsinki Region TransportRegister as userHelsinki cycling scene on exhibit at Laituri
Helen Ltd is carrying out one of the biggest renewable energy investments in Finland by building a pellet-fired heating plant in Salmisaari. The plant will have the largest pellet boiler in Finland.The new pellet-fired heating plant will be able to produce heat to a town the size of Savonlinna. This means that the amount of energy produced by the new plant will be able to meet the heating need of 25,000 one-bedroom apartments.The main fuel of the plant will be wood pellets, which are pulverised before feeding into the boiler. At full fuel capacity, the pellet combustion of the heating plant will be about 21 tonnes per hour, i.e. one lorryload of pellets in two hours. In one year, the plant will use 40,000 tonnes of pellets.Delivered by Valmet, the pellet-fired heating plant will be completed in early 2018. The value of the contract between Helen and Valmet is in excess of EUR 20 million.Read more:Helen
From 19 August to 4 September 2016, the Helsinki Festival will once again provide a broad spectrum of international top names, rising talents, multi-artistic works, atmospheric evenings in the Huvila Festival Tent and unexpected events throughout the city. The extravaganza will bring together metal and folk music, raves and classical music, magic and circus arts, hip hop and the Helsinki Music Centre, and philosophy and Kiasma Museum of Contemporary Art.The largest arts festival in Finland and the Nordic countries will feature, among others, Romeo Castellucci, the uncompromising king of modern theatre, Ernest Ranglin, who performs in Huvila Festival Tent as part of his final tour, and superstars of classical music, including Lang Lang and Gustavo Dudamel at the head of the Simn Bolvar Symphony Orchestra of Venezuela. Out on the streets of the city, passers-by will be surprised by Choi Jeong Hwas Night of the Arts installation and Fernando Rubios bed performance.The Helsinki landmark, Huvila Festival Tent, celebrated its 20th anniversary last year and once again, this summer, offers big names, soulful compositions and unique evening events.From 20 August to 30 October, an exhibition featuring the iconic works of feminist artist Niki de Saint Phalle (19302002) will be on display at Kunsthalle Helsinki. The exhibition will showcase her joyful and colourful sculptures and bold collages. Saint Phalles radical artistic methods and social message speak directly to our times as well.The works of American Alec Soth (born 1969), one of the most talked-about photographers of the 2010s, will be featured at the Finnish Museum of Photography from 25 August 2016 until 8 January 2017.The maritime installation by Choi Jeong Hwa will rise up in Senate Square on Night of the Arts on 25 August. The installation is created using recycled plastics and draws attention to both the state of the Baltic Sea and the massive amount of plastic debris floating in the worlds oceans.Runokuu will look to the future on 2228 August, Viapori Jazz will jam out at Suomenlinna on 2327 August and Art goes Kapakka will make appearances in Helsinki restaurants during 1827 August. Ticket sales for the Helsinki Festival open on Wednesday, 20 April.Read more:Helsinki FestivalProgramme
The City of Helsinki Service Centre participated in a campaign for responsible use of fish organized by WWF Finland from 2012 to 2015. The campaign was joined by the main users of fish in Finland. The goal was to challenge the users to make concrete commitments to promote responsible trade in fish products. The main goal was to stop the sale of fish listed on the WWF fish guide as banned species for trade in Finland. The ban was to take effect by 2015. The fish guides colour code marks the recommended species of fish with yellow, species to be used with consideration with yellow, and species to be avoided with red.Service Centres achievements in the campaign are impressive. On average, 75 percent of the fish used by Service Centre were in the category marked with green and 25 percent were in the category marked with yellow. The national percentages were 62 and 35 respectively. Service Centre uses no fish in the category marked with red.Service Centre was involved in the responsibility campaign from the very beginning, and the WWF Finland fish guide became an important tool for Service Centre in selecting fish for production. An important goal for Service Centre was to increase the use of Finnish fish and especially the use of common roach, which has been little used in Finland before.Service Centre customers have received well the fish dishes made from common roach and common bream, which were introduced to menus five years.We increased the use of the under-appreciated Finnish fish and managed to increase appreciation for it, says product designer Petteri Hautamaa of Service Centre. We managed to show that common roach could be turned into a high-volume food product. A good example is the fish loaf dishes made from common roach and common bream that we developed. These dishes are now established items on our menus. Today we use Finnish fish in all fish loaf products prepared in our central kitchen.Read more:City of Helsinki Service CentreWWF Finland
Altogether 197 foreign-owned companies landed in the Helsinki region last year, marking a growth of 28% compared to the previous years total of 154 investment projects.The number includes both new establishments (99) and acquisitions (98). The Helsinki regions share of all new foreign companies in Finland in 2015 was 74%.The numbers are based on Invest in Finlands statistics on foreign companies in Finland.Read moreHelsinki Business HubInvest in Finland
The population size of a region and a higher degree of specialisation increase the productivity of industries. Meanwhile the diversity of the economic structure does not have a significant effect on the productivity of industries. These results were obtained in a recent study by City of Helsinki Urban Facts examining agglomeration factors of different industries in Finnish city regions. The branches of industry included in the analysis were food industry, metal industry, construction, hotels and restaurants, and business services.According to the results, the industries differed rather clearly from each other:Research focused on 35 regions over a 30-year-spanEconomic activity and population are agglomerating to cities both globally as well as in Finland where the population size is relatively modest. As the largest urban centre in Finland, the Helsinki Region has increased its share of the countrys population and production over a long time span. During the past couple of decades, university cities have had more success than other regions, and sparsely populated rural areas have emptied out.The question of which factors lead to the clustering of economic actors is one of the key problems in economic research. In the present study, this question has been approached by analysing the effect of the different agglomeration factors on the productivity of labour in Finlands 35 largest regions between 1976 and 2008. This study explains productivity by specialisation within an industry (localisation), the diversity of economic structure and the population size of a region. This topic has been relatively little studied in Finland previously. The results should be treated with caution and they alone should not be used in drawing recommendations for regional development.Further information:Research Director Henrik Lnnqvist, e-mail: henrik.lonnqvist(a)hel.fiPublication:Agglomeration factors in Finnish urban regions, City of Helsinki Urban Facts, Research Series 2016:3, pdf-publication.
Last year Helsinki attracted 275 international association meetings that were attended by 35,200 people and generated 66.5 million euros in tourism income for the city. The annual Pro Congress award was presented to Helsinkis nominee, Professor Antti Lauerma. Helsinkis success in attracting major congresses is based not only our reputation for reliability, but also increasingly on its world-class expertise.Helsinki Region accounted for over half (54%) of all congresses organised in Finland in 2015 and almost half (48%) of the total number of people attending congresses in Finland. Last year Helsinki hosted four major congresses with over a thousand participants each.Helsinki has long been one of the top 20 congress cities in the world*. Our appeal is based on our reputation for reliability, the quality of services here, our excellent connections to other parts of the world, and the high level of safety and security. Big congresses are also increasingly attracted to Helsinki by our world-class expertise and the high level of research in many fields of science, says Kaiju Pitknen, Convention Director at the Helsinki Convention & Events Bureau.Most of the congresses held in Helsinki in 2015 were in the fields of mathematics and the natural sciences, history and the social sciences, and economics, management and communications.This year too Helsinki will be the host city for numerous major congresses. The biggest meetings this coming summer include the international convention of the Jehovah's Witnesses in June (10,000 participants), the ICANN 56 Policy Forum at the end of June (1500 participants), which has been moved to Helsinki from Panama City due to the Zika virus, and the Annual Meeting of the European Society of Human Reproduction and Embryology (ESHRE) at the beginning of July, which is expected to be attended by up to 8000 people.The international convention of the Jehovah's Witnesses and the ESHRE annual meeting represent just half a percent of all the major congresses with around 10,000 participants that tour around the world, and the competition to attract them is really intense. These huge meetings are a huge stimulus to local businesses. The ESHRE annual meeting alone is expected to generate around 15 million euros in tourism income for Helsinki, Pitknen continues.Pro Congress award once again to Helsinkis nomineeFor the second year in a row, the Finland Convention Bureaus annual Pro Congress award was presented to Helsinkis nominee, in this case Professor Antti Lauerma. Professor Lauerma is a highly respected and distinguished physician, researcher, educator and lecturer in the field of dermatology and allergology, both in Finland and internationally. He is currently Director of the Inflammation Centre at Helsinki University Central Hospital and Professor of Applied Dermatology and Allergology at the University of Helsinki.With his international recognised work and extensive network of contacts, Professor Lauerma has played an important role in organising scientific seminars and conferences in Finland. His biggest achievement to date in this regard was attracting  at his third attempt  the worlds biggest annual scientific meeting in the field of allergology and clinical immunology, the EAACI Congress, to Helsink in 2017. Professor Lauerma is serving as Chair of the EAACI Congress 2017.The EAACI Congress 2017 will be one of the biggest international scientific meetings ever held in Finland. Helsinki won the bid not only due our expertise in this field but also very much due to the perseverance and tenacity of Professor Lauerma. Not only will the congress be very important for the scientific community, its economic impact is expected to exceed 15 million euros, Pitknen adds.*Union of International AssociationsRead morewww.visithelsinki.fi
www.meethelsinki.fi
A major renovation project is underway to modernize the Helsinki Olympic Stadium. The stadium will be rebuilt into a multi-purpose arena that meets the international standards for major sports, entertainment and cultural events, while serving Helsinki residents and visitors on daily basis. The renovated, modernized and rebuilt Olympic Stadium will open doors in 2019.The road leading to the Olympic Stadium and the area around the Olympic Stadium Tower are closed. The road to the Swimming Stadium  Uimastadioninpolku  no longer serves cars but only pedestrians, cyclists and comparable traffic. There is no longer parking in the open areas north of the Olympic Stadium, and parking on the Paavo Nurmi square is restricted.The cycling and pedestrian route on the western side of the stadium is out of use  this is the section between Pohjoinen Stadiontie, Urheilukatu and Paavo Nurmen tie  and a detour to replace the route runs on the eastern side of the stadium through the streets of Hammarskjldintie and Tahkontie.Unfortunately the traffic and parking rearrangements are unavoidable and will be in effect until project completion in the spring 2019.Excavation and rock drilling related to the expansion of underground space at the Olympic Stadium began in early 2016 and will continue to September 2017. The removed rock will be transported away from the site as excavation and drilling proceeds. The work will be carried out on weekdays 0722, that is, from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. Nighttime and weekend work is avoided. Unavoidable deviations from normal working hours will be announced.Read more:Olympic Stadium
The City of Helsinki cooperates with the Helsinki Cup youth football tournament in summer 2016 to employ young people in various tasks related to the tournament. Already 13 young people are employed with the project in tailored work trails, which started on 29 March. The trials cover a variety of tasks, ranging from sports site attendant to office assistant to production assistant to exhibition attendant. The trials are provided by the City of Helsinki Sports Department, Department of Social Services and Health Care, Cultural Office, Department of Early Education and Care and Helsinki Art Museum.The project offers young people versatile employment packages. The combination provided by the tournament and the work trials makes the experience unforgettable for young people. The City of Helsinki also incorporates training into City employment projects, and young people take short courses in connection of Helsinki Cup. The themes of the Helsinki Cuprelated courses include security, first aid, occupational safety and hygiene. The project was launched with a training day, focusing on workplace skills, personal skills and customer service skills.Young people will carry out diverse tasks at Helsinki Cup. They will be able to work as kiosk workers, at the kids corner, as tournament guides and as field attendants according to their skills. Work at Helsinki Cup strengthens young peoples self-reliance, and it gives them feelings of success and understanding of how large event organizations work.The City of Helsinki also cooperates with Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences this year. The City and Metropolia have tailored a five-credit training package on event production for young people.Tailored training is used to grow young peoples understanding of how major public events are organized. All training related to Helsinki Cup is used to strengthen young peoples performance at City trial workplaces and at Helsinki Cup, and the training is used to expand young peoples work skills to support their further placement in the open labour market or studies following the tournament.The Helsinki City Executive Offices Immigration and Employment Services has joined major events before to employ young people. These events include ice hockey world championships and The Tall Ships Races 2013. Last year the City Executive Office worked with the Gymnaestrada 2015 gymnastics event and with Helsinki Cup.The employment projects are meant for unemployed jobless young people under age 30. In addition to the employment projects, the City of Helsinki offers summer jobs for more than 4,000 young people.Read more:Helsinki Cup
The Helsinki City Rescue Department is organising a disaster training at the Vuosaari power plant owned by Helen Oy, on 14 April between 10am and 1pm. The disaster scenario is a fire in a 3,000m3 light fuel oil tank, from which wind would be spreading smoke towards the Vuosaari harbour. The disaster scenario used for the disaster training has been presented in the power plants safety report.In addition to the Rescue Department and Helen Oy, people from the Vuosaari harbour of the Port of Helsinki Ltd, the Helsinki police department, the Kerava Emergency Response Centre, the Helsinki Road Traffic Centre, and an executive assistance department of the Finnish Defence Forces from the Santahamina Guard Jaeger Regiment are participating in the training. The Defence Forces are to assist the police in traffic control.You can follow the progress of the training event live on the Rescue Department Twitter (@brankkarit).The disaster training is based on the Rescue Act and the Ministry of the Interior decree on external emergency plans for sites that cause particular danger. Disaster trainings are organised every three years.Further information:External emergency plans (in Finnish)
Ring Road I is the innermost of three beltways in the Helsinki metropolitan area. The road stretches from Itkeskus in eastern Helsinki to Keilaniemi, Espoo, in the west. A part of Ring Road I is the busiest highway in Finland.Several improvements have been carried out on Ring Road I in recent years, and more are underway and planned to ease the flow of traffic and to improve safety.Work was begun in 2007 and has been completed in Leppvaara at the Turunvyl and Turuntie roads (leading west towards Turku) including the construction of a traffic tunnel abolishing junctions controlled by traffic lights. Ongoing work focuses on the area at the Kivikontie road: a new interchange will connect the Helsinki districts of Myllypuro, Kivikko and Viikki.The City of Espoo is carrying out preliminary work at the western end of Ring Road I in Keilaniemi. Upgrades to the eastern end of the road at the Myllypuro and Itkeskus interchanges are in the planning phase.Additional lanes will be built between the Espoo city border and the Vihdintie road, and the ramp from Ring Road I to the northbound Hmeenlinna highway will be upgraded. Cycling and pedestrian ways will be improved, and a cycling and pedestrian bridge will be constructed over Ring Road I at Vihdintie.The major ongoing projects went underway in March. Anyone moving on Ring Road I should take note of the construction timetables in their travel plans, as the construction congests traffic on the road for about 1.5 hours during peak hours. There are hardly any detours around the construction sites. Car pools and use of public transport are recommended. Buses, trains and the West Metro, which will go into service in August, offer alternatives for driving.Traffic congestion can be monitored in real time on the Finnish Transport Agencys traffic condition pages (note that the pages are not available in English).The Ring Road I upgrades are scheduled for completion in 2018, after which traffic will flow smoother all the way from Keilaniemi to Kivikko.
The Heino Art Foundation has one of Finlands foremost collections of contemporary art. The foundation was established to promote art and safeguard the collection built over several decades by Raimo and Raini Heino and their son, the gallerist Rauli Heino.From Heino with Loveoffers the first glimpse of the foundations extensive collection at HAM Tennis Palace 8 April - 28 August.The exhibition highlights the topical nature of the collection and includes important works by contemporary Finnish artists. The large works in the collection find the space they need in the arched galleries of the Tennis Palace and the public has an opportunity to see an overview of contemporary Finnish artists. A total of 100 works of art will be included in the exhibition: paintings, photographs, drawings and sculptures.The collection has 1416 works of art by 223 artists. They include paintings, sculptures, drawings, photographs and moving images. The works date from the 1950s to the present. All the artworks in the collection have been selected by the Heinos themselves, based on their common preferences and passion for art.Read more:HAM
A record amount of district heat in the Helsinki region, 422,000 MWh, was produced in 2015 at the world's largest heating and cooling plant. A total of 13% more useful energy was recovered than in 2014.A record amount of heat, 422,000 MWh, was produced last year at the Katri Vala heating and cooling plant, which is located in the Srninen district of Helsinki. This amount corresponds to 7% of all district heat in the Helsinki region. The amount would heat the entire town of Kotka or about 23,000 average-sized detached homes (building and hot tap water).The heat production of the plant meets the heating need of most of the city centre of Helsinki in the summer. In the summer, district heat is used for producing hot tap water for properties. During a warm summer, the production of this amount of energy would require 22 hectares of solar collectors.Underground beneath the Katri Vala Park, heat and cooling are produced by five large heat pumps. They utilise the thermal energy of purified waste water and the thermal energy of the sun, which is brought in from properties via the cooling network. In their most efficient mode, the heat pumps produce both cooling and heating simultaneously.The production of the heating and cooling plant, which was commissioned in 2006, has increased annually as and when the demand for district cooling has risen. If you compare the production of 2011 and 2015, the production volumes of both heat and cooling have doubled.Last year, the plant produced 90,000 MWh of cooling.Read more
Helsinkis new city bikes will enrich the street scene as Alepa bikes. They will appear in the city on Monday after the 1st of May holiday. This new addition to Helsinki to ease the lives of residents and visitors will form part of the city public transport network, and the city bike fleet will be managed by Helsinki City Transport (HKL) and Helsinki Region Transport (HSL).HKL handles the procurement of the city bike service and markets the service together with HSL. The main city bike partner to HKL and HSL is the Alepa chain of the S Group, which is a Finnish network of companies operating in the retail and service sectors. Alepa will support the service implementation.Aepa is a Helsinki food store, and cycling is an urban mode of transport. Our network of outlets is so extensive that its fair to say that the nearest Alepa is always just a bike ride away, says Alepas regional director Merja Saari.This type of joint project between the private and public sectors is new to the City of Helsinki and links together various actors in the city, says Artturi Lhdetie, who directs the HKL infrastructure and equipment unit. Our goal is to develop both good services for citizens and a functional urban environment. To reach this goal, well need all actors in the city to work together.The city bikes form a bike sharing system. Bikes are available for short trips to move around in the Helsinki inner city. After registering as a user and paying a user fee, pass holders can ride for 30 minutes without incurring any additional fee each time they use a bike. An extra fee is charged for a longer period of use. The maximum continuous period of city bike use is 5 hours, after which the bike must be returned to a station.Registration as a city bike user can be completed on the HSL website https://www.hsl.fi/en from mid-April onwards. The city bike service and the bike stations will be included in the Journey Planner, which is HSLs route and timetable service.At first there will be 50 city bike stations and 500 bikes serving the inner city. The numbers will triple by summer 2017, when the system will expand to Munkkiniemi," Pasila and Kumpula.Read more:HKL's bike servicesCycling in Helsinki function open8c32d386106341e8b32ab9137d02acd6(){var currWidth = window.innerWidth || document.body.clientWidthif(currWidth < 599 && $('#nav').is("":hidden"")){$('#nav').slideToggle()}var selectedLink = $(""#nav a.level-1.selected"")var alreadyOpened = falseif(selectedLink.length>0){	var selectedMenu = selectedLink.attr('data-rel')   if(selectedMenu == ""sitearea-3""){alreadyOpened = true} else{$(""#"".concat(selectedMenu)).stop(true).hide()$(""ul.level-3"").stop(true).hide()$(""div.recommended"").stop(true).hide()$(""#nav li.level-1"").removeClass('selected')$(""#nav a"").removeClass('selected')} }if(currWidth > 599 &&  currWidth <= 767) {	$('div#nav').css('marginBottom'",($('div#sitearea-3').height()+20).toString()+'px')	$('div#sitearea-3').css('margin-top', 10+'px')	$('div#sitearea-3').css('top'," 124+'px')}if(!alreadyOpened) {   $(""#nav li.level-1.sitearea-3 a.level-1"").addClass('selected')	$(""#nav li.level-1.sitearea-3 a.level-1"").parent().addClass('selected')	$(""ul.level-3.active"").stop(true).show()	$(""#sitearea-3"").slideToggle()}$(""#sitearea-3 a.menu-item.level-2"")[4].click()  $(""html"," body"").animate({ scrollTop: $('.level-1.sitearea-3').offset().top + 'px' }"," ""slow"")}"
HSL will be launching a Travel Survey on Monday 4 April to study what kind of public transport journeys are made within the catchment areas of the Ring Rail Line and the West Metro. Survey invitations are distributed on buses, trains and the Metro.The survey is an online questionnaire that passengers can complete after the journey or during it, for example, on a smart phone. In the survey, respondents are asked to provide information about the journey during which they received the survey invitation, such as what was the place of departure, where they are going and what modes of transport did they use for the journey.Respondents are also asked, how the Ring Rail Line has affected the smoothness of their journeys and their choice of modes of transport and how they think the West Metro will affect the smoothness of their journeys and their choice of modes of transport. The aim is to obtain information about the journeys of passengers over 15 years age and about the background factors affecting them.The interviews at the airport are conducted in April. Elsewhere, the survey will run until Friday 27 May.Read moreHelsinki Region Transport (HSL)
HSL area was ranked second in the 2015 international BEST public transport survey (Benchmarking in European Service of Public Transport). Geneva took the first place. Some 81 per cent of HSL area residents were satisfied with public transport.In Geneva, satisfaction with public transport increased by a whopping 11 percentage points to 86 per cent. The increase was due to significant fare cuts. After Geneva and Helsinki, the next most successful cities were Oslo (72%) and Stockholm (71%). The poorest results were recorded in Copenhagen (59%) and Bergen (50%).
The HSL area ranked above average in many respects. HSLs strengths were public transport loyalty (HSL 79%, BEST 65%), value for money (HSL 54%, BEST 40%) and overall satisfaction (HSL 81%, BEST 70%). In addition, public transport services outside the city center (HSL 66%, BEST 53%) and availability of seats (HSL 87%, BEST 68%) were rated high.
The HSL area was below the average of the BEST cities in staff behavior (HSL 66%, BEST 70%) but the figure has been improving in the recent years.The BEST survey is a commensurate survey on the quality of public transport services in the participating cities. In 2015, the participants included the HSL area, Bergen, Geneva, Copenhagen, Oslo and Stockholm.
In total 1,900 respondents from all HSLs member municipalities participated in the survey.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport (HSL)
Now is the time to remove the gravel and sand from streets, sidewalks and yards. Helsinki Region Environment Services (HSY) reminds those in charge of grit removal that gravel and sand should be wetted before removal in order to prevent elevated levels of street dust.Gravel and sand are used for gritting during the winter months to prevent slipperiness. The grit is exposed when snow and ice melts, and dust particles are released into the air when streets dry.Gravel and sand should first be wetted and only then be removed. After removal, surfaces can be hosed with water. Leaf blowers must not be used in the removal of gravel and sand, as blowers powerfully release dust into the air.Air quality measurements conducted by HSY indicate that the Helsinki metropolitan area has entered the spring street dust season. HSY monitors air quality in the area. Particle concentrations in air are elevated especially during sunny weather and when streets are dry.The cities of the Helsinki metropolitan area have already started their street cleaning operations. Street sides are wetted with a mild saline solution to reduce dust.HSY requests that gravel and sand be not placed in the mixed waste containers of properties. First, gravel and sand make waste containers extremely heavy to be moved manually and can cause a hazard for waste handlers. Second, gravel and sand are not mixed waste, which is taken to the Vantaan Energia waste-to-energy plant to be incinerated.Gravel and sand should be collected to be reused, if at all possible. Small amounts can be delivered with trailers to HSY Sortti waste collection stations. Large amounts should be taken by roll-off dumpsters to a waste disposal site, such as the mmnsuo waste processing centre. Roll-off dumpsters are available from several private providers.Read more:Street spring maintenanceAir quality in Helsinki
The Helsinki City Rescue Department has launched an extensive complementary building programme in order to build one new dwelling on the plot of every fire station. The new facilities are opened today on all of the eight Rescue Department fire stations in Kallio, Erottaja, Haaga, Kpyl, Malmi, Melllunkyl, Herttoniemi, and Suomenlinna. This action confirms the joining of the Helsinki City Rescue Department to the One Million Bird Houses initiative.Each bird house is equipped with the Rescue Department logo and the address of the dwelling, in order to ensure privacy for the new residents and prevent unauthorised visits to the nests. A home in the immediate vicinity of fire stations offers the best in security services for the inhabitants. Carpenter Tapio Mmmi and animal rescue specialist Vesa Nurminen are responsible for the design and construction of the Rescue Department bird houses. The staff at the fire stations are to place the new dwellings in the best available locations today, after which they are ready for the inhabitants to move in.
New brochures have been made for the Helsinki City Rescue Departments Fire Museum and Civil Defence Museum. The brochures have been designed by the manager of the Fire Museum Jari Auvinen, coordinator Johanna Hakola from the Rescue Department, and Greta Nikkil and Pekka Kyrenius from the Civil Defence Association of Helsinki. Graphic design agency Guassi Oy has provided the graphic look. The brochures are printed in Finnish, Swedish, English, German, and Russian.The brochures are available at the City of Helsinki tourist info at Pohjoisesplanadi 19, Virka-info and Virka-gallery at the City Hall at Pohjoisesplanadi 11-13, the Fire Museum at Korkeavuorenkatu 26, the Civil Defence Museum at Siltavuorenranta 16 B, and all of the Helsinki City Rescue Departments fire stations, or they can also be viewed on the Rescue Department website.The Fire Museum brochuresThe Civil Defence Museum brochuresThe Fire Museum is open on Wednesdays and Sundays from 12noon to 4pm. The museum may also open to groups, by prior arrangement, on Tuesdays during the day, and on Thursday evenings. Visits to the rescue stations tower on Erottaja are primarily for groups and by agreement for individual visitors on Wednesdays and Sundays between 4pm and 5pm.The Civil Defence Museum is open from September to May on Saturdays between 10am and 2pm. At other times, the museum can open by agreement. Entry to the museum is free.
The leading Finnish cities in open data are found in the Helsinki metropolitan area, according to a new survey conducted by Open Knowledge Finland. The leading Finnish city is Helsinki, with an open data score of 1305, followed closely by Vantaa (1110) and Espoo (1085).The survey  Finland Open Data Census  explores the open data released by cities in 16 categories, including economic data, transport timetables and election areas. Overall, Finnish cities are advanced in releasing open data. Finland is in fifth place in Open Knowledges Global Open Data Index.Finnish cities have opened a good amount of data on public transport, public facilities, schools, parks and services, but they need to catch up in opening data on various permits. For example, no Finnish city included in the index has released data on business permits, and all Finnish cities need to improve in data on building permits.The index on Finnish cities is maintained by Open Knowledge Finland, a part of the wider international Open Knowledge network, together with open data experts in city organizations and with voluntary evaluators.Read more:Helsinki Region Infoshare  key pointsFinland Local Open Data CensusOpen Knowledge Finland
Commuter traffic timetables are changing as of 27 March 2016. The most important changes will come to traffic travelling in the direction of Kirkkonummi, Riihimki and Lahti. The timetables of the city rail link trains (A, I, K, N and P) will remain mostly the same.Commuter train stations (Pdf)Riihimki directionThe R- and H-trains will be combined into a new R-train with the following stops: Helsinki, Pasila, Tikkurila, Kerava, Ainola, Jrvenp, Saunakallio, Jokela, Hyvink and Riihimki. R trains will run at more regular intervals of 30 minutes. Traffic frequency will decline to hourly runs in the evening after 21:00: likewise, trains will run for a longer period of one-hour intervals on weekend mornings.The unmarked trains running at the moment during rush hours will be combined into the new peak-period D-line. The D-line trains will stop at the following stations: Helsinki, Pasila, Tikkurila, Jrvenp, Hyvink and Riihimki.T-trains will no longer serve the Purola and Nuppulinna stations. T-train traffic will decrease as some of the night T-trains are replaced by R-trains, which offer a faster late-evening/night connection for zone area traffic passengers travelling from Helsinki in the direction of Riihimki. HSL is increasing N-train traffic to replace the intermediate station traffic between Helsinki and Kerava.Lahti directionTraffic on Oikorata (the Direct Line) will start later at weekends and end each day a little earlier. On weekdays, the first Z-train will arrive in Helsinki at 6:52 and the last one will leave Helsinki at 22:12. With small exceptions, the Z-train will run at intervals of one hour throughout its period of operation.Towards Kirkkonummi (HSL traffic)HSL will combine the S- and U-trains into new U-trains, which will no longer stop at Mankki and Luoma. U-trains will mainly run at 30-minute intervals.Y-train traffic to Karjaa will stop altogether. Y-trains will continue to run between Siuntio and Helsinki weekdays, eight times a day. Espoo and Huopalahti, which provide convenient exchange points to the airport, will become new stops for the Y-train.In addition to the Y-train, a faster train marked X will run between Helsinki and Kirkkonummi twice a day. The X-train will stop at the same stations as the Y-train.L-trains will no longer stop at Mankki and Luoma otherwise, the changes to the L-train timetables are small.City rail links (HSL traffic)The timetables of the city rail link trains (A, I, K, N and P) will remain mostly the same. N-trains will be added only to late-evening traffic. In addition, HSL will extend evening I-train operation: the line will have a new departure at 23:29 from Helsinki.View the new timetables on the VR pagesHelsinki Region Transport
The newest air-quality monitoring station in Helsinki is located on the street of Mkelnkatu. The station, owned and operated by Helsinki Region Environmental Services (HSY), is used to study the impact of emissions from traffic on the composition of city air at a level of accuracy unmatched by any other location in the Helsinki metropolitan area and any other city in Finland.The new super-station is used to measure extensively various air impurities and their properties, says Jarkko Niemi, an air-quality specialist at HSY. He explains that HSY chose to locate the station on Mkelnkatu because traffic causes especially high levels pollution in the area.Air quality on Mkelnkatu is poor because traffic volumes are high, traffic congestion is frequent, and exhaust fumes are poorly diluted as the street is lined with apartment buildings.Special measurements at the station are used to study the effect of stricter emission standards and changes in the motor vehicle stock on emissions and air quality. The measurements are also used to study the effectiveness of various street dust prevention methods and their impact on air quality. Further, the station is used to monitor concentrations caused by other emission sources and transported from other locations in the metropolitan area and other regions of Europe.The data from the Mkelnkatu monitoring station can be used to assess air quality in boulevard-type urban areas and to make projections how it will develop in the coming years.In addition to serving HSYs own monitoring activity, the station is used for special air-quality monitoring in cooperation with other research organizations. These organizations now include the Finnish Meteorological Institute, Tampere University of Technology, University of Helsinki, Helsinki Metropolia University of Applied Sciences and Nordic Envicon.Read more
Air quality in Helsinki
Helsinkis major nature destinations will be upgraded in the course of the NATTOURS project that went underway in March 2016. Helsinki residents and visitors will be able to enjoy and learn about the splendid urban nature of Helsinki better than before. The citys nature destinations will be compiled in a website that can be browsed with mobile devices.Duckboards to follow the contours of terrainHelsinki nature destinations will be upgraded on the Pornaistenniemi peninsula at the Vanhankaupunginlahti bay and on the Harakka Island. Nature trails in these areas will be visually magnificent and respect nature, says project coordinator Annika Harlio. She rejoices, Wooden duckboards will follow the contours of nature and be built so that they accommodate wheelchairs and baby strollers.Nature information on smart phonesNATTOURS is an EU funded project involving new websites that present urban nature destinations in varied and appealing ways. The destinations will be easy to find with the help of a mobile map application, which also provides information on the local nature readable on the spot. Apart from Vanhankaupunginlahti and Harakka, mobile apps will be available for at least Uutela, Mustavuori, the Vantaa River area and the Central Park.Mobile devices as learning aids at schoolsMobile apps are also planned for schools. Our goal is to make mobile devices one everyday learning aid at schools, rather than them being banned at schools, Harlio envisions. Thus teachers can take lessons to nature outside the schoolhouse and inspire students to observe the nearby nature. In this way the project can help schools to digitalize learning processes, supporting the goals of the new curriculum in terms of phenomenon-based learning that crosses the boundaries of subject-based learning.Urban nature observed on Helsinki-Tallinn cruisesHelsinki joins forces with the City of Tallinn in the project. The goal is to direct some of the busy flows of shoppers and commuters crossing the Gulf of Finland to lesser-known urban nature destinations. Finnish cruise passengers can in the future find their ways, for example, to the Paljassaari islands bird nesting site, instead of the Tallinn Old Town, using their mobile devices.The Helsinki and Tallinn nature destination app will be in English as well as in Finnish and Estonian.EU funding for 2.5-year projectThe project NATTOURS  Sustainable urban nature routes using new IT solutions is financed by the European Regional Fund programme Baltic Interreg. Operations are coordinated by the City of Helsinki Environment Centre together with the City of Helsinki Public Works Department," Sports Department and Education Department as well as Helsinki Marketing Ltd. The project duration is 2.5 years.Read moreCity of Helsinki Environment DepartmentNature and green areasfunction open78ddedb9200b4ac39742a490f731e580(){var currWidth = window.innerWidth || document.body.clientWidthif(currWidth < 599 && $('#nav').is("":hidden"")){$('#nav').slideToggle()}var selectedLink = $(""#nav a.level-1.selected"")var alreadyOpened = falseif(selectedLink.length>0){	var selectedMenu = selectedLink.attr('data-rel')   if(selectedMenu == ""sitearea-6""){alreadyOpened = true} else{$(""#"".concat(selectedMenu)).stop(true).hide()$(""ul.level-3"").stop(true).hide()$(""div.recommended"").stop(true).hide()$(""#nav li.level-1"").removeClass('selected')$(""#nav a"").removeClass('selected')} }if(currWidth > 599 &&  currWidth <= 767) {	$('div#nav').css('marginBottom'",($('div#sitearea-6').height()+20).toString()+'px')	$('div#sitearea-6').css('margin-top', 10+'px')	$('div#sitearea-6').css('top'," 62+'px')}if(!alreadyOpened) {   $(""#nav li.level-1.sitearea-6 a.level-1"").addClass('selected')	$(""#nav li.level-1.sitearea-6 a.level-1"").parent().addClass('selected')	$(""ul.level-3.active"").stop(true).show()	$(""#sitearea-6"").slideToggle()}$(""#sitearea-6 a.menu-item.level-2"")[1].click()  $(""html"," body"").animate({ scrollTop: $('.level-1.sitearea-6').offset().top + 'px' }"," ""slow"")}"
During the past few years, the Helsinki City Rescue Department has moved from traditional fire inspections to an operating method which gives the customers an increasingly active role in recognising their own safety risks and preventing and preparing for accidents. At the same time, methods for the prevention of accidents have been expanded and the amount of actions increased by redirecting personnel resources from other areas of the operations. Last year, the objectives for the prevention of accidents were exceeded.The prevention of accidents by the Helsinki City Rescue Department is mainly based on combining the self-monitoring by the customers and authority inspections as a shared form of operations, documenting accidents, safety communications and training, inspecting the operating preconditions of rescue operations, expert and consultation services, chemical control, monitoring sweeping operations, and fire and accident investigations. The development of the effectiveness and productivity is also supported by making investments in operation research.In 2015, the Rescue Department carried out a total of 2,533 fire inspections. Self-monitoring for residential properties was carried out in 1,129 apartment buildings and terraced houses, in a total of 546 housing companies. A total of 31,434 people were involved in safety communications and training. Document inspections were carried out in 2,356 cases, chemical controls in 190 cases, and expert services offered in 1,542 cases. A total of 9,743 monitoring and communications assignments related to accident prevention were carried out. The numeral goals for accident prevention work for 2015 were exceeded by 22%, and the 2014 level was exceeded by 14%.The development of accident situations and the effectiveness of their control are formed as a combined effect of several factors and operators. Therefore, the effects of individual factors cannot be reliably pointed out on a period of some years. However, a decreasing trend within the past five years can be detected in building fires, which has been a focal point in accident prevention activities.
The solar panels for Finlands largest solar power plant are currently installed on the roof of the Kivikko ski hall. The solar power plant constructed by Helen will be completed this spring.The Kivikko solar power plant will have almost 3,000 solar panels, about one-third of which have now been installed. A live web camera showing the progress of the construction work has been fitted on the roof of the ski hall. Its annual production will reach about 700 megawatt-hours, corresponding to the annual electricity consumption of some 350 one-bedroom apartments.The Kivikko solar panels will be sold as designated panels. The output of one panel is 285 watts, and it generates the same amount of electricity as up to 25 energy-saving light bulbs.The solar power plant will be ready for service this spring. Customers with a designated panel will be refunded on their electricity bill with respect to the electricity generated by their panels as soon as the plant starts producing electricity into the network. However, the monthly fee for the panels will not be charged until for the first full calendar month.Read more:Helen
This year the biggest changes to public transport take place in Lauttasaari and South Espoo when the 14-kilometer long Metro extension from Ruoholahti to the west is completed. When the new Metro line opens, the current bus routes operating from Espoo and Kirkkonummi along Lnsivyl to Kamppi are withdrawn and bus services in Lauttasaari are mostly converted into feeder services.From 15 August 2016, the Metro will run between East Helsinki and Matinkyl in Espoo so that every other Metro train runs on the Matinkyl-Vuosaari line and every other on the Tapiola-Mellunmki line. From August, Metro trains will be operated with four cars because at eight of the new stations, platforms are planned for four-car trains.However, the trains will run more frequently than at present. Between Tapiola and Itkeskus, the Metro will run every 2.5 minutes during peak times, Monday-Friday and on Saturdays every 3 minutes 45 seconds during the daytime and on Sundays and in the late evening every 5 minutes. In addition, new M300 Metro trains will enter into service in August.As the bus routes from South Espoo are withdrawn, the Kamppi bus terminal will become available for other bus routes. Bus routes currently terminating elsewhere in Kamppi, at Elielinaukio or in Meilahti will in future have their termini at the terminal. Indirectly, the West Metro will affect also bus services in Pakila and Maunula.Read more:Helsinki Region TransportMetroNew trains
Social and health care services in Helsinki at Easter
24 h Telephone Health Service, Tel. 09310 10023. Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call. Health stations are closed on Easter 25 to 28 March. Any other day health stations are open Mon - Fri 8 - 16.Public transport over the Easter weekend
On Maundy Thursday, a Friday service will operate on public transport. On Good Friday, Easter Sunday and Easter Monday, a Sunday service will operate. On Holy Saturday, there will be additional services to Seurasaari on bus route 24S.Springtime Helsinki promises lots to see and do during the Easter holidaysThe traditional Easter festivities in Helsinki begin on Good Friday, 25 March at 9.30pm with the Via Crucis  Stages of the Cross procession through the city centre. The procession begins in Kaisaniemi Park and culminates on the steps of Helsinki Cathedral. Professional and amateur theatre actors and musicians join members of local congregations in the procession.On March 26 at 6.30pm Easter bonfires are lit on Seurasaari Island to ward off evil spirits, and children dress up as trolls with coffee pots and brooms. According to an Ostrobothnian tradition, it was believed that witches stayed away if there was an open fire and a bitter smoke.Also the Helsinki Zoo on the island of Korkeasaari celebrates Easter while preparing for the arrival of spring. Families are welcome to enjoy the Easter Island spring event at Helsinki Zoo over the Easter weekend from 25 to 28 March.While waiting for the nature to flourish, you can visit the Winter garden and admire the display of colours of the daffodils and tulips. A refreshing green atmosphere can be enjoyed right in the city centre as well at the Kaisaniemi Botanic Garden.Read more:Remember to also check opening hours for sights and attractions during the holidays.
Helsinki is full of saunas that are often empty and seldom seen by most. This will change when the first ever Helsinki Sauna Day will open the doors to the private saunas of local residents and companies to all who are interested  friends and strangers alike.Many new communal initiatives have been created in Helsinki in recent years. Nevertheless, most saunas these days are in private use only, even though traditionally saunas have been a communal event in Finnish towns and cities. Furthermore, although there are an estimated three million or more saunas in Finland, most of them are seldom used. At the same time, many people would like to enjoy a sauna more often.Locals can have their own sauna included in Helsinki Sauna Day by registering on the helsinkisaunaday.fi website. Individuals, companies and organisations are all invited to do so, so long as the saunas are offered free of charge to visitors. Saunas can be opened up at any time and for any length of time on the day in question. Visitors in turn can use the website to browse all the saunas on offer and book a sauna time.Helsinki Sauna Day is being organised by the social innovations group Yhteismaa together with Visit Helsinki.Read more
Helsinki Sauna Day
Urban sauna culture in Helsinki
Saunas and swimming in Helsinki
Events in Helsinki
Virka Gallery hosts the most euphoric exhibition of the spring. Produced by photography students from the Helsinki Vocational Adult Institute, the exhibition features twenty takes on the diversity of love.
The idea arose from the desire to find different interpretations of the most exhausted topic one can think of. Is it possible to still find new perspectives on love? In spite of their common theme, the works featured in the exhibition approach the subject in a highly diverse manner, ranging from fairy tales to domestic violence and from weddings to fear of love.ABOUT LOVE  20 takes on the diversity of love -exhibitionis open 11.3.29.5. at Virka Gallery of Helsinki City Hall.
Pohjoisesplanadi 11-13Read More
Virka Gallery
A survey to measure how safe passengers feel on commuter trains has started and will run until 21 March. Invitation cards to participate in the survey are distributed at different times of the day on all commuter train routes in the HSL area.The survey takes about five minutes to complete. All respondents will be entered into a prize draw for movie tickets.HSL and VR conducted a similar survey last spring. According to the survey, passengers mostly felt safe on commuter trains.Read moreHSL
The Bravo! International Theatre Festival for Young Audiences puts on stage a wide range of high-quality performances in mid-March. Now in its 9th edition, the 2016 festival is held at art centres in Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and Kauniainen 1320 March.The festival programme includes eight international performances from five countries and one Finnish premiere. The festival also moves out of the art centres by offering young people city tours rhymes in the neighbourhood hosted by rap artist Steen1. The tours acquaint young audiences to local areas and their history through rap.Bravo! will premiere a Finnish performance combining contemporary circus and shadow theatre. Valomatka (Light travel) reveals secrets of light and shadow in ways never seen before. It is targeted at the youngest audiences. Another performance with a play of light is NERO from Germany.An Estonian clown duo promises a great deal of laughter through their acrobatic performances, and a one-woman show from Germany lets imagination run wild by turning cardboard boxes into extraordinary things.The festival even caters for toddlers with an interactive dance performance from Norway and a fairy tale on little bears that offers an immersion into Italian.The 2016 festival focuses on current themes, many of which are related to multiculturalism and immigration. Ici et Ailleurs (Here and somewhere else) from France reflects on the experience of suddenly moving to a new country, and Kitchen from Norway explains how completely different kinds of people can learn to live together.The Bravo! festival emerged in the year 2000 as a joint project by Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa and ASSITEJ Finland, the Finnish chapter of the theatre organization for young audiences. The festival is tasked to develop Finnish childrens theatre through international cooperation.Read more:Bravo! festival website
Helsinkis new city bike system will be in place after 1st of May. At first, there will be 50 city bike stations and 500 bikes serving the inner city, and the system will expand in 2017. The Helsinki city bikes can be recognized from their bright yellow colour.City bikes promote sustainable mobility in Helsinki, says Ville Lehmuskoski, CEO of Helsinki City Transport (HKL). According to the citys strategy programme, Helsinki seeks to increase the combined share of walking, cycling and public transport by one percentage point per year. City bikes and public transport together are an attractive alternative to driving.The Helsinki city bike system is procured by HKL. The contract has been made for 10 years for a total value of 12 950 000 euros. The system is supplied by Moventia & Smoove. The bikes and bike stations are supplied by Smoove, and Moventia ensures that the stations are supplied with bikes at even rates and that the bikes remain in good condition. Clear Channel Finland organizes project promotion and partnerships as a Moventia & Smoove subcontractor. The city bike partner has been selected and will be announced in the near future.City bikes will form a part of the overall public transport travel chain in Helsinki. The city bike stations, the availability of bikes and route information will be included in the revised Helsinki Region Transport (HSL) journey planner, which is optimized for mobile devices. The inclusion of city bikes in the public transport routing system is unique by worldwide standards.Read more:City bike user fees establishedBike servicesHelsinki Region Transport: CyklingPromotion of cycling
Klaus Mkel conducts works by Stravinsky, Uuno Klami and Julia Wolfe, as well as a group of 50 young dancers on Friday March 11 in Helsinki Music Centre. Expect an energetic concert.
Experience a unique concert packed with young creative power. In addition to Stravinskys Petrushka, an inspiration for the music of Uuno Klami, the concert features works for percussion by five young composers and dance choreography created by 50 young people especially for this event. The concert is part of the KUULE! (Listen!) Helsinki Music Centre education project.Friday March 11, 19:00 - 21:15Tickets: 32.50-7.50Read more
Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra
The number of emergency medical care operations for the Helsinki City Rescue Department in 2015 was record-breaking. The total number of assignments added up to 54,596, which exceeds the number from the past year by 1,381. The increase is caused by several factors, such as the increased population in the Helsinki region and their increased average age, and the increase in home care.The types of assignments remained mostly the same as before. Disturbances in vital functions such as the heart, circulation, and breathing, and serious consciousness disturbances formed a total of approximately 40% of the operations. Other large patient groups included causes and effects of falling (15%) and a rapidly deteriorated general condition (13%). The average delay for receiving care was slightly increased, but the effectiveness of the care and patient satisfaction remained on an excellent level.During the past ten years, the number of emergency care operations has increased more intensely than before (see picture 1), which has posed challenges for maintaining a good service level, patient satisfaction, and the wellbeing at work for the staff. However, the effects of these changes on patients have been eliminated by the flexible availability of personnel, temporary increases in resources, and developing cooperation with the Hospital District of Helsinki and Uusimaa, City of Helsinki Department of Social Services and Health Care, and the Emergency Response Centre Administration.
The Helsinki University Main Library in Kaisa House is Finlands most popular learning environment. During the terms, the Library attracts up to 9,000 visitors a day. The previous visitor record was broken on Tuesday, 16 February 2016 when a record number of 9,200 customers visited Kaisa House.In 2015 the Helsinki University Main Library had 1.6 million users. The user numbers have continuously increased since Kaisa House opened to the public in 2012. The building contains various types of workspaces for students writing their thesis or dissertation or completing group assignments as well as for customers seeking information or a quiet place to read.The peak use period is in the spring when the facilities are frequented not only by University students and researchers, but also by upper secondary school students preparing for the matriculation examination and other young people cramming for an entrance examination.Last year, the opening hours of Kaisa House to Sundays during the busiest periods of the academic year, and the study places will again be available this March and April on Sundays from 11 to 17. Main Library is open 8-20 on weekdays and 11-17 on Saturdays. Customer service is open 9-20 on weekdays and 11-17 on Saturdays.The Helsinki University Main Library in Kaisa House was project of the Helsinki World Design Capital year, and it shapes both the cityscape and services.The University of Helsinki is also looking forward to the opening of the Helsinki Central Library in 2018  after all, the new flagship library aims to reach 10,000 visitors each day, thus doubling the library capacity in the heart of the capital.Read more:University of HelsinkiHelsinki Central Library
Escalators at the terminal entrance of the Helsinki Airport train station are almost completed. Direct access via escalators from the train station to the airport terminal will open at the latest on Monday 21 March.The installation work was expected to take 14 weeks but the work has progressed ahead of schedule. The direct access via lifts from the train station to the airport terminal was opened in December.There are three 70-meters long escalators at the terminal entrance.The escalators were taken down the shaft as over seven-meter-long elements weighing seven tons.Wall of the entrance covered with glass with birch tree designThe escalator shaft is made of steel and glass. The wall of the entrance is covered with glass with printed birch tree design.Read more:Helsinki Region TransportHelsinki AirportTransport links to Helsinki Airport
Finnish electric buses will soon be acting as development platforms for smart mobility services in the Helsinki region, used for boosting the creation of new user-centric solutions and product development of businesses.The Living Lab Bus joint project, coordinated by VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland and launched at the beginning of 2016, uses the Finnish electric buses acquired by Helsinki Region Transport as concrete development and testing platforms for businesses to validate their solutions in a real use environment.Potential new solutions include easy-to-use passenger feedback solutions, automated passenger counting, and automated road condition observations, describes VTT Project Manager Raine Hautala.In addition to the Helsinki region, the City of Tampere is also participating in the project, exploiting the results in its own public transport development.Identifying utilisation interests and needs of various players associated with implementing and using the development platform and setting some common rules for the operations are scheduled for spring 2016. After that, the project will be expanded by bringing in new players, who will utilise the platform in their development activities.The three-year Living Lab Bus project comprises the projects of Ajeco (secure multichannel communications), Cinia One (cloud services and interfaces), EEE Innovations (smart transport ICT solutions), Foreca (weather and road weather services), iQ Payments (mobile payment solutions) and Linkker (electric bus), as well as the supporting research projects by VTT, Aalto University, University of Tampere and Tampere University of Technology. The enablers, supporters and utilisers of the project are Helsinki Region Transport, the City of Helsinki, the City of Tampere and Tekes  the Finnish Funding Agency for Innovation. Read more:www.vtt.fi/sites/livinglabbus/Helsinki Region Transport
Escalators at the terminal entrance of the Helsinki Airport train station are almost completed. Direct access via escalators from the train station to the airport terminal will open at the latest on Monday 21 March. The installation work was expected to take 14 weeks but the work has progressed ahead of schedule.The direct access via lifts from the train station to the airport terminal was opened in December.There are three 70-meters long escalators at the terminal entrance. The escalators were taken down the shaft as over seven-meter-long elements weighing seven tons.Wall of the entrance covered with glass with birch tree designThe escalator shaft is made of steel and glass.- Like the rest of the station, the entrance has been designed with light and space in mind. Passengers can easily see at which point of the airport terminal they arrive, says Arttu Suomalainen, the architect responsible for the design of the station from PES Architects.The wall of the entrance is covered with glass with printed birch tree design.Read more:
Helsinki Region Transport (HSL)
The Stadium Foundation, Lemminkinen and HKR-Rakennuttaja have agreed on the earthworks and excavation contract for the Helsinki Olympic Stadium renovation. The work will start in March 2016 and be completed in August 2017.Our work requires special expertise in excavation, foundation reinforcement and supporting of old structures. Excavation work, for instance, is very demanding as it is carried out right next to existing structures and partly also under these structures. Among other things, we go under the Sports Museum of Finland and the spectator structures in several locations, says Harri Kailasalo, Executive Vice President, Infra projects at Lemminkinen.The contract includes earthworks and open excavation outside the stadium, demolition and excavation on the stadiums field area as well as demolition and supporting, excavation and structure support work inside the stadium building. The contract is part of the Olympic Stadium renovation and modernisation project that will be completed in 2019.Read more:www.stadion.fi
In 2015, about 2,7 per cent of passengers were caught traveling without a valid ticket on HSLs public transport services. The figure is the same as in 2014. The highest numbers of fare dodgers were found on the Metro, trams and commuter trains.
The number of fare dodgers caught Metro station platforms and commuter trains decreased from 2014. By contrast, the number of ticketless passengers on tram was slightly higher than in 2014.HSLs goal last year was to keep the level of fare evasion low with high-profile, efficient ticket inspections and this goal was achieved. The figure is good by international standards.However, as HSL lost nearly 10 million euros due to fare evasion last year, ticketless travel still makes a significant dent in the public transport finances.In 2015, HSL inspected the tickets of some 4 million passengers, while in 2014 the figure was 3.8 million.In 2016, HSL continues tickets inspections along the same lines. High-profile, efficient ticket inspections keep fare evasion in check and help to increase ticket revenue. Inspections are focused in particular on rail services and morning and afternoon peaks. Ticket inspectors skills are updated through refresher courses on related key legislation and guidelines for ticket inspections.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport (HSL)
Ai WeiWei @ Helsinkidrew a total of 119,000 visitors to the Tennis Palace in five months, an all-time record for the museum. The previous record was set in 1997 when 103,000 art lovers visited the Frida Kahlo exhibition at the Meilahti Art Museum.HAM will be closed from 8 to 13 March due to the dismounting of the Ai Weiwei exhibition. The second floor galleries will reopen to the public on 15 March, while a new show presenting the collection of the Heino Art Foundation will be mounted on the third floor. From Heino with Love will open on 8 April 2016.HAM offers a reduced admission fee of 5 euros until the large galleries on the third floor will be opened again. The reduced price will apply from 1 to 6 March and from 15 March to 7 April 2016.HAM
The renovation of the historic library building of the National Library of Finland on Unioninkatu has been completed, and the Library will reopen to the public on Tuesday, 1 March at noon. In the renovation, the library facilities were made more functional and accessible, and the buildings technology was modernised.The renovation involved both the main building, which was designed by Carl Ludwig Engel and inaugurated in 1845, as well as the Rotunda building, which was completed in 1906. The main building has been reroofed and the central cupola recoated, and the facade of the Rotunda building has been painted a lighter shade.The National Library building has considerable national significance and impact on the citys landscape, and consequently has been protected by the Act on the Protection of Buildings.Read more:National LibraryThe inaugural week of the National Library of Finlands main building Engel 1 - 11 March 2016
The English condensed edition of the Statistical Yearbook provides a varied, statistics-based description of Helsinki and its residents. Many of the tables also present comparative data from the rest of the Helsinki Metropolitan Area, the Helsinki Region and Finland as a whole. Moreover, the yearbook contains a chapter on major cities in the rest of Scandinavia and another on Tallinn, Riga, Vilnius and St Petersburg.The 2015 edition of the book is the 103th. The statistical tables are also available as open data on the Helsinki Region Infoshare (www.hri.fi) service.These are some of the facts provided in the yearbook:Inquiries:Sini Askelo, +358 9 310 36394, sini.askelo(at)hel.fi
Aila Perttil, +358 9 310 36399, aila.perttila(at)hel.fiSource:Statistical Yearbook of Helsinki 2015, English condensed edition, pdf.
A new survey published by the European Commission finds that Europeans are highly satisfied with the quality of life in their cities. Residents in Helsinki are among the most satisfied people of the cities surveyed.City residents were surveyed about various aspects of urban life including employment opportunities, presence of foreigners, public transport and levels of pollution.Helsinki placed high in the index. For example, 93 percent of Helsinki residents expressed satisfaction with their public transport services. As a comparison, only 45 percent of respondents in Oulu, Finland, were satisfied with public transport. Only Vienna and Zurich topped Helsinki in this survey section.
Helsinki residents were among the most satisfied European city dwellers as regards educational, cultural and sports offerings.Helsinki residents were among the top ten city dwellers in satisfaction with health care services, on a par with Londoners: 72 percent of respondents reported satisfaction. Amsterdam topped the index with 91 percent reporting satisfaction.The survey shows which fields should receive particular attention. The majority of respondents regarded health care, unemployment and education as the three biggest challenges for their cities.Sustainable urban development supported with 15 billion eurosThe European Union regional and structural policy programme for 20142020 invests heavily in urban areas. City authorities are granted 15 million euros in loans to advance sustainable urban development.The European Commissions survey, titled Quality of Life in European Cities, is structured in a way that cities can compare themselves with other cities on 30 criteria that cover social, economic, cultural and environmental aspects. The survey is intended to encourage stakeholder groups and decision-makers to adopt a comprehensive approach to sustainable urban development.The most recent survey was conducted in a total of 79 European cities. More than 40,000 people were interviewed on a range of urban issues.The survey is conducted at three-year intervals.Read more
The general art competition received 261 entries in which entrants had tackled the design assignment in many different ways. The jury selected 12 entries for further development in the next stage of the competition.Read more:HAM
The fee to register as a Helsinki city bike user is 25 per year, 10 per week and 5 per day.Regular users, who pay the annual registration fee, are foreseen as the main user group of the new Helsinki city bike system. The annual fee is the most cost-efficient alternative to use city bikes. The shorter, weekly and daily registration serves visitors and other temporary city bike users.All registration fees carry a 30-minute use free of charge. After the first 30 minutes, use is charged in 30-minute increments, paid for each beginning increment, so that the first paid 30-minute increment costs 0.50, the second and third paid 30-minute increments between the first and second hour of use cost 1.00 each, and the 30-minute increments after the second hour of use up to five hours cost 2.00 each. The maximum one-time use of a city bike is five hours.Within the area covered by the system, 30 minutes allows a rider to reach from one border of the area to the opposite border, so one ride can be made free of an extra charge. The user fee is paid either online through the systems web service or with a credit card at a city bike station. After payment, riders pick up a bike at a station with their Helsinki region travel card or by entering a pin code.The Helsinki city bike pricing corresponds to or is below the fees charged in many other countries. However, the Helsinki city bike system is not in use during the winter season, so the costs as somewhat below those in reference cities.The user fees are envisioned to cover more than half of the city bike systems costs, as in other modes of public transport in Helsinki. Some of the system is financed with advertising income.The city bike system will be launched just after the First of May, first with 50 city bike stations and 500 bikes. The system will first cover the inner city from Ruoholahti in the west to Srninen in the east and to Taka-Tl in the north. The goal is to expand the system to 150 stations and 1,500 bikes by 2017, when the system would include Munkkiniemi, Pasila and Kumpula.Read more:City bikesBy bike in Helsinki
Helen has made substantial investments in energy efficiency, renewable energy and technology that reduces local emissions. The results are seen as a fall in emissions: in five years, sulphur dioxide, nitrogen oxide and particulate emissions have decreased by almost 40% and carbon dioxide emissions by 22%.Helen aims to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 20% from the 1990 level by 2020. This target seems to be attainable, but the trend is threatened by changes in fuel prices and taxation towards a direction that is unfavourable in terms of climate change mitigation. One example of these is the proposed taxation of cogeneration.According to preliminary data, Helens emissions have fallen in comparison with 2010:Read more:Helen
A general plan has been completed for a proposed tram line connecting the Helsinki city centre and Laajasalo over the Crown Bridges.According to the plan, the tram would travel through Hakaniemi in the inner city and take a northern route in Laajasalo passing by Yliskyl.The total estimated cost of construction would be EUR 259 million. The cost of the related tram equipment and depot would be approximately EUR 100 million.It is estimated that the tram connection would be used by an average 37,000 daily passengers in 2040, after the completion of construction in Kalasatama, Yliskyl and Kruunuvuorenranta. The average number of daily cyclists and pedestrians served by the Crown Bridges would be 3,000.The general plan for the tram connection and related infrastructure makes it possible to prepare an assessment of the cost, feasibility and impact of the Crown Bridges project for decision making. The bridges would integrate Laajasalo, Kruunuvuorenranta and Kalasatama into the inner city and provide a fast route between the areas for cyclists and pedestrians.The general plan was prepared by the Helsinki City Planning Department, Public Works Department, Helsinki Region Transport and Helsinki City Transport.The plan can be reviewed at the Laituri information centre and online. Feedback to the plan can be submitted through 26 February using a feedback form available from Laituri, through a virtual model and by email at kruunusillat@hel.fi.Project in a nutshellThe Crown Bridges project encompasses a tram connection and related infrastructure between the Helsinki city centre and Laajasalo, passing from the city centre to Yliskyl through Hakaniemi, Nihti, the Korkeasaari island and Kruunuvuorenranta, as well as cycling and pedestrian routes. The most visible part of the project is three bridges, one of which would be the longest bridge in Finland.The population of Laajasalo is predicted to grow from the current 16,000 to 35,000 by 2050. The goal of the Crown Bridges project is to provide the growing population with an efficient public transport connection to the city centre.The project would complement the Helsinki public transport network with a new tram line that would provide direct transfer to the metro, local trains, buses and the city centre tram lines. The project would promote sustainable mobility in Helsinki.The project was included in the 2002 Helsinki city master plan and the 2015 proposal for a new city plan. The project is now in the planning phase and no decision has been made on implementation. The final decision on implementation will be made by the Helsinki City Council, which is expected to take up the matter in the autumn of 2016. Construction could start in 2018, to allow for completion in 2025.Crown Bridges project key figuresMore information:Crown Bridges
Video illustrating Crown Bridges (sound track in Finnish)
Images and maps for the media
Kruunuvuorenranta
Kalasatama
The final contract on the pulp transportation from Mets Fibres new bioproduct mill in nekoski, has now been signed. The letter of intent was signed on 14 October 2014.The contract will increase goods transport in Helsinki with almost one million tonnes. This contract opens doors to a completely new kind of growth and efficiency for the Port of Helsinki, says the Ports Managing Director Kimmo Mki.Rail traffic from nekoski to Vuosaari will begin during 2017. Before this, changes to the area and field organisation are required in Vuosaari as well, and the required infrastructure must be built for the new traffic. Some of the pulp will be transported in containers, and some will be transported as loose pulp.Port of Helsinki
A two-metre image of a bear meets guests at Helsinki Zoos Restaurant Karhu (bear). The restaurant reopened doors on 2 February following a renovation.
TwoSeven created the bear artwork with spray paints and stencils. It is typical of his artworks, which combine photographic realism and graffiti-style roughness.
The artist is known for animal motifs. He creates public art depicting such animals of Finnish nature that can rarely be seen. The bear artwork at the Helsinki Zoo restaurant is his latest work.
- Bears are magnificent animals that have something magical about them, the artist says.
The restaurateur of Karhu is Marcante Restaurants. The chain is new to the zoo. All restaurants and cafs at Helsinki Zoo will be renovated or redecorated. Restaurant Karhu was the second of them to reopen doors after a makeover, following Restaurant Pukki (goat).Helsinki Zoo is open daily throughout the year.Read more:
Helsinki Zoo
Video of Jussi TwoSeven creating the bear artwork
(soundtrack in Finnish)
Ring Road I in the Helsinki region will be equipped with speed cameras starting in the beginning of February. The cameras as expected to reduce traffic accidents.Ring Road I is the innermost of the three beltways in the Helsinki region. According to calculations conducted at several monitoring stations, Ring Road I carries approximately 90,000 vehicles in a day, and a significant number of these vehicles travel at speeds above the speed limit. Ring Road I features the highest number of accidents of all Finnish highways: accidents average 240 and personal injuries 40 annually, and the accidents involve more than 500 vehicles.Speed cameras, also known as traffic enforcement cameras, are proven to reduce speeds. Lower speeds reduce accidents and lessen the consequences of accidents.In a recent survey conducted by VTT Technical Research Centre of Finland, speeds exceeded the limit by more than 10 kilometres per hour in most cases of speeding on Ring Road I. The percentage of vehicles exceeding the speed limit was considerably higher in the nighttime than at other times.Speed cameras will be installed throughout Ring Road I from Tapiola to Itkeskus. The number of devices will be 35. Some of them are already operational, and the rest will be installed in the next few weeks. The traffic enforcement stations are installed by the Uusimaa ELY Centre (Centre for Economic Development, Transport and the Environment).According to a preliminary estimate, there were 257 deaths and 6,373 injuries in Finnish road traffic in 2015. Traffic deaths have decreased on a long term, albeit slowly. Traffic enforcement cameras are estimated to reduce the number of traffic deaths by about 30 and personal injuries by about 100 annually.Helsinki Police Department
Metro service back to normal after water main break at Junatie.Srnisten rantatie, Itvyland Junatie are opened to traffic.Read more:Helsinki Region TransportDisruption Info
The application period for the City of Helsinki Research Grants 2016 has closed. The grants, totaling 73,000 euros, are intended for post-graduate students with a Masters or equivalent degree (working on doctoral or licentiate theses). Also post doc research projects are eligible for the grants.Grants may be awarded for research focusing on:
 city economy and preconditions for business operations,
 organisation and evaluation of services produced or ordered by the city,
 living environment, well-being and everyday life in Helsinki, or
 issues related to immigration and internationalisation in Helsinki.The grant decisions will be made in May, and the grants will be awarded in May/June. All applicants will be informed about the decision.For further information, please contact Acting Research Director Henrik Lnnqvist, tel. (09) 310 36534, henrik.lonnqvist(at)hel.fi.
Chinese New Year outdoor event presents dancing lions and dragons and exiting performances by Finnish and Chinese artist groups. Welcome to explore the Chinese market and try out New Years delicacies!The cities of Helsinki and Beijing warmly welcome you to celebrate the Year of the Monkey!Chinese New Year will be celebrated again in Helsinki on Sunday February 7th at Keskuskatu.Read moreChinese New Year
The application period for the fire fighter-ambulance techician training at Helsinki Rescue School, part of the Helsinki City Rescue Department, ended on 1 February 2016. A total of 146 applications were received. They will be screened based on their applications and psychophysical entrance tests, and 15 applicants will be selected who are believed to fit the job the best.In recruiting, the Rescue Department hopes to receive applications particularly from women and people with immigrant backgrounds, because they have traditionally been underrepresented in the applicant base. As the population structure of Helsinki grows increasingly versatile, the Rescue Department needs its staff to reflect this versatility and cultural competence, in order to best serve the citizens. This time, there were three female applicants, which although a low number, is more than before. The number of applicants with immigrant backgrounds cannot be reliably estimated from the applications alone, but preliminary inquiries hint towards a higher number than before.The final selection of students will be decided in May based on the test results, and the studies begin on 6 September 2016. The fire fighter-ambulance technician training takes three years, and it includes fire fighter training as well as basic emergency care studies. After graduation, the fire fighter-ambulance technician students are employed by the Helsinki City Rescue Department, according to the anticipated need for personnel.
We are beginning to open the artworks of the Helsinkians' art collection and make them available for public use. Anyone can create their own masterpieces using the open artworks. Based on the artworks, users can create, for example, their own fabric pattern, a cell phone case or a t-shirt.The first artworks placed in the open arts collection are Vilho Lampi's Limingan joki (1934) and Jalmari Ruokokoski's Sateenkaari (1912). The artworks are currently on view at theHAM's roots exhibition.In the future, our aim is to open more artworks of the Helsinkians' art collection and make them available for public use.Further information on the topic:HAM Helsinki
The heating system based on renewable energy, used in Helens pilot project at the Sakarinmki school complex, has met all expectations. In the first year of operation, geothermal heat accounted for 79 per cent and solar heat 3 per cent of the system.New energy solutions are tested in the Sakarinmki pilot project. A heating solution based on renewable energy  an entity of solar collectors, a geothermal system, an oil-fired boiler and heat stores  has been built at the school complex.The building of the Sakarinmki school energy system is the first step in a more extensive trial taking place at stersundom. In Sakarinmki, heat production has also been introduced as part of education. The pupils have studied the principles of different heating methods in the physics classes and learned how to process and interpret statistical information based on the schools energy data. They have also used this data when learning spreadsheet skills in the information technology classes.Read more:Helen
Helsinki art museums will put on display a large number of magnificent exhibitions this year. The year will peak in the opening of the new Helsinki City Museum at the Senate Square in May, giving Helsinkis historical city centre a major new destination with free admission.Helsinki Art Museum HAM opens the first gallery permanently dedicated to Tove Janssons art on 29 January. The Jansson collection, owned by Heino Art Foundation, is one of the most notable collections of contemporary art in Finland.In April, HAM follows the Tove Jansson gallery opening with an exhibition that for the first time puts on view a large number of works from the Heino Art Foundation.HAMs year will culminate in a retrospective of Japanese artist Yayoi Kusama consisting of some of the artists most notable paintings, sculptures and installations. The opening is in October.Ateneum Art Museum opens an exhibition of works by celebrated French sculptor Auguste Rodin on 5 February. An exhibition telling the story of Finnish art opens in March and an exhibition of works by Amedeo Modigliani in October.Sinebrychoff Art Museum opens an exhibition on Russian masters from Ivan Aivazovsky to Ilya Repin in February.Kunsthalle Helsinkis spring exhibition programme consists of works from the Zabludowicz Collection in March and Tom of Finland in May.The largest exhibition so far of the production and designs of the 83-year-old Finnish designer Eero Aarnio goes on display at Design Museum in April.The National Museum of Finland gives audiences the first opportunity in Finland to view paintings by Raffaello in the exhibition The Renaissance. Now  From Raffaello to Titian, opening in September.The Museum of Contemporary Art Kiasma opens an exhibition of Ernesto Neto in March. This Brazilian artist is one of the brightest names in the international contemporary art scene. In recent years, he has found strong resonance for his art from his collaboration with the Huni Kuin, an indigenous people in the Amazon.The Finnish Museum of Photography hosts the 2016 Festival of Political Photography in February under the theme Homeland.Read more:
Twelve Helsinki art galleries will open their doors on Wednesday, February 3 between 4 and 9 PM to visitors with dogs. A Gallery Wednesday mobile app details the exhibitions and programmes - particularly those with special provisions for pets.
In addition to more traditional paintings and watercolours, Gallery Wednesday offers ceramics, cartoons and jewellery works. Galleries also provide musical performances and meetings with artists. In Forum Box at 5 PM, performance artist Heidi Kilpelinen stages her Tango Therapy piece.
The aim of Gallery Wednesday is to attract those residents who do not normally frequent art shows: you can now do a round of galleries while walking your dog. The event is free to everyone, but the dogs should be accompanied by their owners.Read more:Galleries (in Finnish)Mobile app:Google PlayAppStorefacebook.com/galleriakeskiviikko
Helen Shkverkko will increase electricity distribution prices in Helsinku by an average of about 9 per cent as from 1 April. The electricity distribution costs of a typical customer living in an apartment and with an annual consumption of 2,000 kWh will rise by about one euro per month. After the price change, the typical total electricity distribution bill of a will be 15 euros a month.The electricity distribution costs of a typical customer with electric heating and with an annual consumption of 18,000 kWh will rise by about 4.5 euros per month. After the price change, the total electricity distribution bill of a typical customer with electric heating will be about 94 euros a month including tax.In the previous years, distribution prices in Helsinki were reduced three times in a row.The previous change in distribution prices in Helsinki took place on 1 January 2015 when the prices fell by 9 per cent. Previously, prices had already been reduced in two consecutive years. As a result of these three price reductions, electricity distribution prices in Helsinki fell by a total of 20%. The distribution prices will increase to the 2014 level as a consequence of this latest rise in 2016.The price increase is based on the rise in the grid fees and the change in the regulation model of the network operations. The Energy Authority regulates the network operations and their reasonable pricing. The permitted level of return on network operations is rising as from the beginning of 2016.
Helsinki City Transport (HKL) has received the first Artic tram car from serial production. The car complements two Artic trams that have been in successful test use since 2013.HKL reports a highly positive experience in Artic trams in service. The Artic tram was designed with close attention to the special features of the Helsinki tram rail network and climatic conditions.The first serially produced Artic tram will be in service on all lines in February. More Artic tram cars will be delivered to Helsinki from 23 January onwards at about three-week intervals. The entire delivery of 40 cars will be handed over to HKL by summer 2018.Special attention was paid to passenger comfort and accessibility. The tram car is spacious and quiet. The low-floor design is particularly friendly to passengers with baby carriages and those in wheelchair. Based on the user experience gained from test use, some adjustments were made to the serially produced cars, for example, the seat cushions were made thicker and the signage was improved. The design pays special attention to material choices and ensures easy maintenance in order to keep the life time cost low.HKL CEO Ville Lehmuskoski comments, The future growth of the city transport relies heavily on rail. According to plan, rail connections will serve Jtksaari, Kalasatama, Kruunuvuorenranta, Vartiosaari, Ilmala and Hernesaari, among other areas. The Artic tram is designed for the challenging climatic conditions of Helsinki, it is energy efficient and its operating costs are low. As a result, the Artic tram gives us good opportunities to achieve our transport goals.The first serially produced Artic tram car is the first car manufactured under the Czech koda trademark. koda Transportation Group acquired a controlling stake in the Finnish company Transtech last year, which is the supplier of the Artic trams.The trams are manufactured at the Transtech plant in Otamki, Kainuu.We are really happy and proud that the project has progressed to this stage in constructive and close cooperation with HKL, says Transtech CEO Matti Haapakangas. Artic is a product that has already aroused international interest at this serial production stage. koda has given us credibility on the international market, and we are hopeful that we will be successful on the export market, while we naturally stay particularly interested in the domestic market. A bidding process has advanced well in Tampere, and Turku will hopefully follow. We also believe that many more Artic trams will be needed in Helsinki.Read more:Helsinki City Transport HKLTram transport in Helsinki
Tove Jansson and the Moomins are loved by children and adults alike. For the first time in Helsinki, Tove Janssons work will now be put on permanent display.HAM presents Tove Janssons art and life with works from the people of Helsinkis own art collection. The exhibition will include two of Tove Janssons most important works, the frescos Party in the City and Party in the Countryside, and the oil painting Before the Masquerade and sketches made for the murals in the Aurora Childrens Hospital.Exhibition will open Friday.Read more:HAM - Helsinki Art Museum
The telephone and wellbeing services unit of the City of Helsinki Service Centre will move to Elimenkatu 15 on Friday, 22 January 2016 to Monday morning. The centres services to residents will continue throughout the move, but there can be short delays in response times and the services.The 24-hour elderly safety telephone service and Helsinki transport service will operate normally during the move. Contacts to the virtual service will be handled normally.
The City of Helsinki telephone exchange services will operate normally to 16:00 on Friday. After this, the 24/7 hospital exchange will move to a mobile service, which means that callers to the exchange will be given a number to call instead of connecting them to a number. The telephone exchange will operate normally from 8:00 onwards on Monday morning, 25 January.In case such problems emerge that affect services during the move, these problems will be announced immediately.Read more:Service Centre
Telephone services
Well-being services
Safety telephone services
Air quality in Helsinki is monitored at two new stations this year, located in Puistola and at the Port of Helsinkis Vuosaari Harbour. These temporary motoring stations are used to study air quality in less densely built housing areas  those with single-family and other types of homes rather than apartment buildings  and in the harbour area. Air quality monitoring in the Helsinki region is carried out by Helsinki Region Environmental Services (HSY).The monitoring station in Puistola, placed in a less densely built housing area, is used to assess the impact of wood burning on air quality. Impurities released into air by burning wood include small particles and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons (PAHs).The monitoring station at the Vuosaari Harbour produces data on the impact of port operations on air quality. The station measures impurities in air produced by ships and the port traffic including small particles and sulphur dioxide.Air quality at the new and permanent monitoring stations of HSY can be checked on the HSY air quality page at https://www.hsy.fi/en/residents/theairyoubreathe/Pages/default.aspx
Helsinki This Week began its life in 1956 as a publication called Helsingin Viikko and for the past six decades it has provided travellers with up-to-date information about Helsinki's events, attractions and services.In addition to popular restaurant and sightseeing listings, the magazine publishes interesting Helsinki-themed articles. One of the best-liked article series is My Helsinki, in which internationally-known Finns share their thoughts on the city. In 2015, President Tarja Halonen, musician Samu Haber and Formula One driver Valtteri Bottas, among others, were interviewed for the series.Eight issues of Helsinki This Week are released annually. The free magazine is available from about 150 distribution points and copies await travellers in more than 5,000 hotel rooms around the capital city area. It reaches some 1.5 million readers each year.Read more about the history of the magazine on the Helsinki This Week website at www.helsinkithisweek.com/artikkelit. Treasures from the magazine's archives will be published in Helsinki This Week and our Facebook page to mark the jubilee year.Helsinki This Week is published by Strmma Finland Oy Ab, which is part of the Nordic Strmma Group. Strmma Finland provides bus and boat sightseeing tours, guide services and charter transports on land and sea, in addition to which it produces the Helsinki Card.
Read more:Helsinki This Week
Helen has granted four new scholarships for research into the Baltic Sea environment. The scholarships continue the previously launched project to protect the Baltic Sea.Research related to the protection of the Baltic Sea is carried out in collaboration with the City of Helsinki and the University of Helsinki, and it forms a part of the Baltic Sea Challenge launched by the Cities of Helsinki and Turku in 2007. The new thesis project comprises four different areas of research, with the subjects related to the nutrient loading of waterways, natural resource law, and the regulation of scattered loading.The funding for the Pro gradu scholarships is organised through the Helen centenary fund.The purpose of Helens centenary fund is to promote research in the Gulf of Finland. The commemorative fund was founded in 2009, when Helen (at the time still Helsingin Energia) invested EUR 100,000 in its dedicated fund set up in conjunction with the University of Helsinki funds, as well as requesting any donations honouring its 100th anniversary to be sent to the centenary fund.Read more:HelenThe Baltic Sea Challenge
At the beginning of 2015, 83,549 residents of Helsinki spoke a foreign language  other than Finnish, Swedish or Sami  as their mother tongue. This is equivalent to 13.5 per cent of Helsinkis population. A major share, over 60 per cent, of the total population growth in Helsinki in 2014 consisted of those with a foreign mother tongue. The most common foreign mother tongue was Russian, followed by Estonian, Somali and English. By 2030, the number of residents with a foreign mother tongue is expected to grow to 164,000-170,000 people.Helsinki had 85,592 residents of foreign origin at the beginning of 2015, together making up 13.8 per cent of the citys population. People of foreign origin refer to those whose both parents have been born abroad. 83 per cent of the population of foreign origin in Helsinki had been born abroad and 17 per cent in Finland. About half of them have a background in Europe, almost one in four in Asia and almost one in five in Africa.In 2014, Helsinkis international net migration of population with a foreign mother tongue was 3,542 people, which was close to the migration gain in 2013. Helsinki also attracts foreign-language speakers from other parts of Finland. However, the trend within the Helsinki Region is toward the out-migration of foreign-language speakers from Helsinki to other parts of the region. In total, Helsinkis net migration of population with a foreign mother tongue was 4,075 people, which was a little less than in the two preceding years.Source:
Population with foreign background in Helsinki 2015, City of Helsinki Urban Facts, Statistics 2016:2, pdf-publication.The publication is an abridged version of Helsingin ulkomaalaistaustainen vest vuonna 2015 (City of Helsinki Urban Facts, Statistics 2015:41). The publication contains population, housing, education, and employment statistics on the population with a foreign mother tongue, a foreign nationality and foreign background in Helsinki.More informationAino Hiekkavuo, aino.hiekkavuo@hel.fi, tel. +358 9310 36517.
The name of the new Amos Anderson art museum to be built in downtown Helsinki will be Amos Rex.The construction of the museum, which will be largely underground, began on 13 January with groundbreaking at the Lasipalatsi square.Renovation of the commercial space of the Lasipalatsi building for the use of the new museum will take about one year. The construction of the museum space under the Lasipalatsi square and work on the museum facilities in Lasipalatsi will continue to 2018.Driving the shovel in the groundbreaking ceremony was Kaj-Gustaf Bergh, Director of Freningen Konstsamfundet, which is the association that owns and manages Amos Anderson Art Museum. He explains Konstsamfundets investment in a new art museum with the mission defined for the association by the founder, Finnish businessman and arts patron Amos Anderson (1878-1961):The bylaws of Konstsamfundet provide that the association shall operate Amos Anderson Art Museum in Helsinki and Sderlngvik Museum on Kimito Island (Keminsaari) in southwestern Finland. Thus the development of a new art museum is in accordance with the spirit of Amos, Bergh states.Amos Rex in Lasipalatsi will be a totally different art museum than Amos Anderson Art Museum on Yrjnkatu. The old Lasipalatsi building with its tradition-filled Bio Rex cinema will form an integral part of the new museum. In addition, the fine, protected neon sign of Bio Rex will continue to dominate the upper faade of Lasipalatsi. It is also of great importance that the name Amos Rex works as such in several languages, Amos Anderson Art Museum Director Kai Kartio explains.The new museum building is designed by JKMM Architects with Asmo Jaaksi as the main architect. Construction is managed by the real estate company Helsingin Lasipalatsi, which is owned by Freningen Konstsamfundet and the City of Helsinki. All costs are covered by Konstsamfundet. The museum is expected to receive more than 100,000 visitors per year.The art museum project was approved by the Helsinki City Council in the spring of 2014. One of the main target groups of the museum will be young people.Read more:New Amos Anderson museum
City of Helsinki Urban Facts is conducting a research on living and everyday life. The aim of the research is, on one hand, to gather information of how people live in Helsinki, and on the other hand, to provide City of Helsinki information for decision making. The research project is carried out in cooperation with Economic Sociology of University of Turku.The themes of the project include attitudes towards consumption, culture, leisure activities and food.You can fill the questionnaire on the Internet. All the answers are important. Filling the questionnaire takes about 10-15 minutes. The questionnaire is open until the end of February 2016.The questionnaire can be found from: http://www.ks-konsultointi.fi/urbaani/All the results will be treated with utmost confidentiality. Only the researchers of the project will have access to the data. It is possible that in the future the data will be shared for other researchers as well. In this case, all the information that refers to the respondents will be removed by the researchers of the project. The data will be archived later.More informationPekka Mustonen, PhD, senior researcher
City of Helsinki Urban Facts, 0403344778Taru Lindblom, PhD, postdoctoral researcher (Academy of Finland)
University of Turku, Economic Sociology, 0414407876
A reduced commuter train service continues to operate on Wednesday due to the continuing heavy snowfall. On Wednesday, train services will operate the same special timetables as on Tuesday. Y, E, A and K trains are cancelled. In addition, delays and cancellations are expected on bus, tram and Metro services.N trains run on the main line every 30 minutes.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
Timetable 12.1. (pdf)
Timetable 13.1. (pdf)
Disruption Info
Journey Planner
A new record in the demand for district heat, 2,650 MW, was broken in Helsinki on Thursday, 7 January 2016, as a result of a long-lasting cold spell.The latest peak in district heat was reached before noon on Thursday. The previous record from a few years ago was surpassed by a good 50 megawatts (MW). The record-breaking demand was the result of sub-zero temperatures continuing for several days: the structures of properties had cooled down, and stores and businesses were open on Thursday. The volume of buildings heated in Helsinki has also grown along with continuing construction of new buildings over the past few years.Helens combined heat and power (CHP) plants in Salmisaari, Hanasaari and Vuosaari are currently producing heat and electricity at full power. The majority of peak-load and reserve heating plants located throughout the city are in operation, and one heat pump plant is producing district heat.District heat is stored in accumulatorsHeat consumption varies not only according to the seasons but also to the time of day and night. More heat is needed during the day than at night. In the morning, heat consumption grows rapidly when the residents need hot water and the air conditioning in businesses and offices kick into normal action. Therefore, heat produced with cogeneration is stored in large water tanks, i.e. so-called heat accumulators. When the heat demand rises in the morning, extra power is transmitted from the accumulators to the district heating network. Helens heat accumulators are located at Vuosaari and Salmisaari, with a total power of 200 megawatts. For example, by using the Vuosaari heat accumulator, it is possible to reduce energy production on normal winter mornings with the equivalent of one heating plant. When the temperatures plummet, we meet the demand with peak-load and reserve heating plants.Read more:HelenEnergy production in Helsinki
Grey Cube Galleries are situated on the Korkeasaari Island on the premises of the Helsinki Zoo, which has approximately 500,000 visitors annually. The island is an artificial biodiversity hotspot, and it has been a part of Helsinki culture and a popular place to spend time for 125 years. Send the proposal, including attachments, by January 27 to: greycubegalleriat (at) msl.fi.The focus of Grey Cube Galleries is on site-specific and interactive art. The theme for the year 2016 is local diversity. We are seeking different interpretations of locality and diversity of the bear castles, in the context of the zoo or from a wider aspect of the city and urbanisation. We are looking for proposals of art works/installations for the three bear castles from June to August and proposals for performative art works for the Grey Cube Festival in August 2016.Performances and other art works during the festival can spread out from the bear enclosures further out in the zoo area, for example on the bridge to the Mustikkamaa Island. If needed, and depending on their possibilities, the zoo staff can assist in the artistic processes of the chosen artworks, e.g. by giving expert advice.The galleries are situated in the former bear enclosures, Bear Castles, which presents certain limitations to the pieces: they should withstand all kinds of weather, and they will not be supervised. Visitors will be able to see and experience the pieces during the opening hours of the zoo.The Grey Cube production team will provide the basic infrastructure of the galleries (electricity, lighting, media, opening day). Grey Cube also pays an artist fee and a small production grant for the realised works.The old bear castles turned into interactive and experimental art galleries in the summer 2014 as part of Sense of Place -project, produced by the Union of Rural Culture. Until now, over 100 visiting artists and two resident artists have taken part. Year 2016 will be the last year of Grey Cube Galleries as such. In addition to the exhibition and festival programme, one resident artist will be working in the island. Grey Cube Galleries and the Union of Rural Culture collaborates with Korkeasaari Zoo.Read more:
greycube.fi
Open call for artworks 2016
Korkeasaari
Helen has joined the Climate Leadership Council, which seeks sustainable solutions to global environmental challenges.The Council aims to find solutions to challenges related to climate change and the sustainability of natural resources. At Helen, we have worked hard towards a carbon-neutral future. Membership in the Climate Leadership Council will provide us with better networks to continue this work, says Director Maiju Westergren.Helen invests in renewable energy and distributed energy production. It aims to reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 20 per cent on the 1990 level and to increase the share of renewable energy to 20 per cent.Helen has introduced products that utilise renewable energy, such as designated panels at the Suvilahti and Kivikko solar power plants and renewable district heat. Helen offers its customers electricity produced with both wind and hydro power.The increased interest of enterprises towards the mitigation of climate change is seen in the membership of the Climate Leadership Council, with the current number of members being 27.Read more:Helen
The number of alarms for rescue operations has tripled during the cold stretch that started on 4 January 2016 in Helsinki. Within four days, there were a total of 233 alarms. The most significant risk is caused by water leaks in properties, as water pipes freeze over. Such leaks can be prevented by monitoring the temperature and operation of pipework, drains, and air-to-water heating systems, and increasing heating, insulation, and monitored drawing of water.If pipes are frozen or failures are detected, the pipes must be warmed and defrosted by professionals, because they form a significant risk for leakages and fire. The weather is now predicted to become warmer, which increases the probability of leakages. We recommend enhancing monitoring and prevention, as well as preparing for leakage damage in properties.The cold weather has also played a part in serious traffic accidents and water rescue assignments. In addition, cold weather can make rescue and emergency medical assignments more difficult to carry out.The most significant increase in assignments has been caused by automated fire detectors and alarms, most of which are due to technical failures. The Rescue Department wishes that residents and property managers pay particular attention to preventing failures and false alarms. For fire alarms, it is significant to ensure that the battery is fresh and the device is clean. Fire detectors should be protected against cold air and moisture.
Helsinki Region Transport (HSL) improves transport links to Kalasatama by introducing a new bus route 26 (Hakaniemi-Kalasatama-Hakaniemi). The new route will start running on 11 January.The bus will run Mon-Fri approximately from 5.30am to 10pm. During peak times, the bus will run every 15 minutes. Outside peak hours, the buses will run every 20 minutes. The route is operated with minibuses. The bus leaves from stop number 2502 located along Hakaniemen torikatu in Hakaniemi. The bus runs along Srnisten rantatie to Kalasatama, where its terminus is at the Junonkatu bus stop (2560). From Kalasatama, the bus continues to Hermannin rantatie, from where it runs along Vanha Talvitie back to Srnisten rantatie and Hakaniemi.Helsinki Region TransportRoute of bus 26 in the Journey Planner
Parking can soon be paid with debit and credit cards throughout Helsinki. The first fully electrical parking meters accepting cards will be installed in January.The new parking meters will accept chip debit and credit cards. A meter requests the driver to enter the vehicles license plate information. After charging the card for parking, the machine prints out a ticket, which still needs to be displayed on the windshield. Updates to the system are in preparation to save drivers from placing the ticket on the windshield.Coin-operated parking meters will remain in service for the time being. The location of the nearest coin-operated meter can be found out from a card-operated meter.Parking payment by text message tested, Comet payment device phased outParking can also be paid by a text (SMS) message in Helsinki. A new text-message based service is being tested. The service does not require registration. The parking payment is charged to the drivers phone bill. The service operates on Finnish mobile phone subscriptions.The sale of Comet parking devices ended on 31 December 2015 but existing devices can be used to the end of 2017. More on the Comet service.Parking payment by text messageParking payment by text (SMS) message is in test use to 31 December 2016. The parking fee is the fee determined for the zone plus 0.35 euros per parking. The minimum charge is for 30 minutes, and each increment is for an additional 30 minutes  that is, drivers can purchase parking for 30 minutes, 60 minutes, 90 minutes, and so on.Instructions for use:More information: EasyPark customer service tel. 09-4245 2020, www.easypark.fiRead more:Parking meters on map
The menus of Helsinki comprehensive schools will be available on a new webpage from 7 January onwards. The address of the page is hel.fi/ruokalistat. The page can also be accessed and used on mobile devices. Users can check the menu of a particular school by first clicking the catering category (school meals) and then the name of the school.A menu can be saved in the favourites folder to avoid having to repeat the search procedure in later visits. A menu can be printed directly from the browser window.Each menu item is followed by an information button. When the button is clicked, a window appears that reports the nutritional content and ingredients of the food. Catering for special diets should be checked with the school kitchen.Schools menus are available in Finnish, Swedish and English.School menus:hel.fi/ruokalistat
The City of Helsinki Rescue Department restricts the use of fireworks and firecrackers on New Years Eve and New Years Day. The restrictions do not apply to fireworks displays organized in connection of New Years receptions if they have been appropriately reported to the police and other authorities.Fireworks and firecrackers are forbidden in the following areas of Helsinki between 18:00 (6 p.m.) on 31 December 2015, and 02:00 (2 a.m.) on 1 January 2016:Fireworks are allowed in other than the said areas of the city of Helsinki between 18:00 (6 p.m.) on 31 December 2015, and 02:00 (2 a.m.) on 1 January 2016, provided that the following requirements are fulfilled:Rescue authorities monitor all fireworks supplies sales through 31 December 2015. They pay special attention to the safety of storage and firing arrangements, and they seek to ensure that fireworks supplies are not handed over to persons under 18 years of age and to intoxicated persons.
As of 12 January, medical aid services will be provided to the citizens of Helsinki at two service units:The Herttoniemi and Malmi Medical Aid Services units will move to Kontula and close their customer service on Friday, 8 January at 16:00.On the moving day on Monday, 11 January, medical aid services will be provided at the Laakso Medical Aid Services unit.
Pilework on the foundations of the new terminal in West Harbour is in progress. The structures of the new piers have already been completed. Construction needs to progress rapidly, as the new terminal is scheduled to be commissioned in early 2017.The need to reconcile port operations with other aspects of urban life is a prominent aspect of the construction projects in West Harbour. The harbour will move further out to sea to allow residential development in the area currently used by it. The same trend is also seen in Stockholms Vrtahamnen passenger port.The terminal has been designed for the needs of fast passenger traffic. The construction of the southern end of Tyynenmerenkatu to extend the street to the new terminal is also about to begin. The use of the new car control points will begin in summer 2016. Heavy vehicle traffic routes to the harbour will not change in the early stages of the project. Passenger car traffic routes to the harbour will change when the new car control points are introduced.
Quick turnarounds at the harbourThe new terminal will be mainly used by fast ships that only stop at the port for short turnarounds but, if necessary, the versatile terminal can be used by all of the ships that currently use West Harbour. The principle of making the terminal into a quick and agile facility, similar to an airport terminal.Access to the terminal will be boosted by excellent public transport links. The current West Terminal and the new Terminal 2 will form a flexible transport hub where both terminals can be used at peak times. This provides flexibility with regard to scheduling and planning. The terminals estimated cost is EUR 45 million, while that of the piers is EUR 30 million. Traffic arrangements and street construction will cost approximately EUR 15 million.Read more:Port of Helsinki
Finavia will launch the expansion work at Helsinki Airport immediately at the beginning of the year. The new southern section will be built as a direct expansion to the current terminal and should be completed in the summer of 2017, which marks Finlands 100th anniversary.
The Helsinki Airport development programme, which is worth EUR 900 million, is progressing in phases. The phase that will begin in early January will increase the area of the airport and improve the functionality of the part of the terminal serving long-distance and transit traffic.After the southern section of the terminal is complete, it will be time to start working on the west wing. The western section is due to be completed in summer 2020.Read more:Finavia
The direct access between the terminal and the train station at the Helsinki Airport was opened on on 18 December. The free shuttle bus service between the Tietotie entrance and terminals T1 and T2 at the Helsinki Airport ended on 27 December. The number of passengers on the buses has been low since the direct access by lifts from the airport train station to the terminals was opened on 18 December.As the lifts now in trial use have proven effective, the temporary transport arrangements at the airport can be removed. There is now a direct access from the station to the terminals by two lifts. The escalators to the terminals will open during spring 2016. In addition to the lifts, passengers can use the Tietotie entrance, from where the walking distance to Terminal 1 is about 350 meters and to Terminal 2 about 700 meters.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
The Ice Hockey World Junior Championships will take place in Helsinki on 26 December 2015  5 January 2016. For those who want to watch the games live on the spot, public transport is an excellent way of getting there. Helsinki Region Transport HSL is the Official Partner to the Championships.The Finnish team plays all their games at Hartwall Arena, which is easily accessible by train.All long-distance and commuter trains stop at Pasila Station, which is a short walk from the arena through an underpass. From the airport, the best way to get to Pasila is by P train. The I train will also take you from the airport to Pasila, but it takes a few minutes longer than the P train.To go to Hartwall Arena from central Helsinki, take bus number 23 or 69, or tram 7A, 7B or 9, which stop at the Helsinki Exhibition and Convention Centre.After the games where Finland is playing, HSL provides additional services from Hartwall Arena with buses number 30 and 50B. Bus number 30 departs from Veturitie and takes the route Areena  Ruskeasuo  Tln tulli," and then returns to Hartwall Arena.Bus number 50B departs from the Hakamentie bus stop ""Veturitie", H2189 and takes the route Arena- Pasila  Herttoniemi (M). Additional services will be provided after the games in which Finland plays, possibly including finals.After the final on Tuesday 5 January, an additional train service will run from Pasila to Helsinki railway station. This train departs from track 5b in Pasila at approximately 23:30.Services to Helsinki Ice HallSome games are played in the Helsinki Ice Hall on Nordenskildinkatu. Trams 4, 7A and 10 run frequently from Mannerheimintie. Board these trams at the stop in front of Lasipalatsi and get off at Kansanelkelaitos on Mannerheimintie. The ice hall is about 400 metres away.Tram number 7B runs from the Pasila train station to the Ice Hall. This service runs through West Pasila, and the nearest stop is Aurora Hospital. The hall is about a 500-metre walk from the bus stop.Buy a day ticket or download a mobile ticket app on your mobile phone.If you plan to use public transport during the games, you should buy a day ticket for 17 days. Day tickets can be purchased at the HSL service point at the Railway Station, or at R-kiosks in metropolitan Helsinki.Read more:Helsinki Region TransportIce Hockey World Junior Championships
On Christmas Eve, public transport will run a Saturday service until about 4pm. On Christmas Day, transport services will operate from about 11am. Only some bus routes will be running. On Boxing Day, a Sunday service will operate. On 23 December, Helsinki Region Transport HSLs buses, the Metro and trams will operate a Wednesday service.Also the following commuter trains will run: N trains from Helsinki at 0.14am, 1.14am, 2.14am and 3.14am N trains from Kerava at 0.57am, 1.57am, 2.57am and 3.57am T trains from Helsinki at 2.44am and 4.01am T trains from Riihimki at 0.52am and 1.52am and L trains from Helsinki at 1.59am, 2.59am and 3.59am.On Christmas Eve 24 December, buses, the Metro and trams will operate a Saturday service until about 4pm. Commuter trains will operate a reduced service until about 5.30pm. U line buses will operate a Saturday service until 1pm. The Suomenlinna ferry will operate a Saturday service throughout the day. There will be additional service to cemeteries.On Christmas Day 25 December, Helsinki bus and tram routes as well as the Metro will operate a Sunday service from about 11am. Elsewhere in the region only some of the bus routes will be operating. Commuter trains will operate a reduced Sunday service on Christmas Day until about 11am after which they will operate a normal Sunday service.Also the following commuter trains will run on the night of 25/26 December: N trains from Helsinki at 0.14am, 1.14am, 2.14am and 3.14am N trains from Kerava at 0.57m, 1.57am, 2.57am and 3.57am T trains from Helsinki at 2.44am and 4.01am H train from Riihimki at 11.14pm T trains from Riihimki at 0.52am and 1.52am and L trains from Helsinki at 1.59am, 2.59am and 3.59am.The Suomenlinna ferry will operate a Sunday service throughout the day.Read moreHSL
Helsinkis new city bikes will go into service in the beginning of May 2016. The manufacture of the bikes has already begun. The locations of city bike stations will be announced in early 2016, and the stations will be installed in the spring. The design and colouring of the bikes will also be announced in the spring.In the first phase, the service will comprise 50 city bike stations and 500 bikes. The station network will extend from Srninen in the east to Ruoholahti in the west, and the northernmost stations will be located in Taka-Tl.The city bikes will form a part of the Helsinki public transport chain. After registration, customers can use the bikes either with a Helsinki Region Transport travel card or with a credit card.The goal is to expand the service to comprise 150 stations and 1,500 bikes in 2017.The service is provided by the Moventia & Smoove SAS consortium. Moventia is a Spanish public transport enterprise that operates buses and trams in the Barcelona region, among other areas. The city bikes of Smoove are in service in Strasbourg and Nice, France, and other cities. Helsinkis city bikes, bike stations and related technology are supplied by Smoove SAS, and the service will be operated by Moventia, which will maintain the bikes and ensure that stations are supplied with bikes at even rates. Advertising sales related to the project will be handled by Clear Channel Finland as a subcontractor to Moventia & Smoove.Helsinki Region Transport and Moventia & Smoove SAS signed the contract on the city bike service on 16 December. The value of this 10-year contract is 12,950,000 euros.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
Helen Ltd is reducing the already low nitrogen oxide (NOx) emissions of its power plants. Due to its environmental investments of almost EUR 20 million, NOx emissions at the Salmisaari and Hanasaari power plants will fall to about a half of the current levels.In order to reduce NOx emissions, an SCR (Selective Catalytic Reduction) catalyst has been implemented at the Salmisaari power plant. Representing the best available technology, the catalyst cleanses nitrogen oxides of flue gases as an aftertreatment. At the Hanasaari power plant, nitrogen oxides are cleansed in a power plant boiler with the SNCR (Selective Non-Catalytic Reduction) with a urea spray system.Entering into force in January, the Industrial Emissions Directive will tighten the power plants emission limits of particulates, sulphur oxides and nitrogen oxides in many respects to less than half of the current levels. Helens particulate matter emissions have been very low as it stands, and they are already below the new emission levels. In addition, the efficiency of the desulphurisation plants of the coal-fired power plants has been improved. However, the reduction of nitrogen oxide emissions has required significant measures.In both methods, harmful nitrogen oxides are converted into harmless nitrogen gas, which already constitutes the majority of the air we breathe. That way, environmental impacts that are already at a low level will be significantly reduced even further.Read more:Helen
The citizens of Helsinki think that concerts give life to the city and improve its reputation. The tolerance for concert noise is also fairly high. Helsinkians deem that there could be somewhat more concerts going on late at night than at present. These facts are revealed in a citizen survey arranged by the City of Helsinki.In late 2015, the Environment Centre of the City of Helsinki, in co-operation with the Economic Development Division of the City Executive office," charted the attitudes of those living near event areas toward outdoor concerts and their finishing times.Some 85 per cent of the respondents agreed fully or partly that outdoor concerts enliven their neighbourhood. Some 87 per cent of the respondents found that arranging concerts was beneficial in view of the municipal economy and the economy of commerce and services.""As laid down in the municipal strategy", Helsinki is an attractive, cheerful and functional city, where culture, events, design and tourism are seen as major sources for competitiveness. In accordance with this objective," the City develops the operational environment of organising events. Helsinki wants to find the best possible methods for arranging noisy outdoor events together with citizens and the organisers of concerts and other events""", affirms Marja-Leena Rinkineva, Economic Development Director.Less than one of five disturbed by noiseUrinating, littering and noise proved to be most annoying near event areas. Some 17 per cent of the respondents experienced noise as considerably disturbing. People living near Kylsaari and Kaisaniemi were most disturbed by the music. People over 75, pensioners, people on family leave, noise sensitive persons and people living in places where the music can be heard indoors when windows and doors are shut were most disturbed.A majority of the respondents found that events could be organised more often than at present and that these could go on late at night somewhat more often. On weekends 85 per cent approved of concerts continuing until 11p.m. and 66 per cent until midnight. On other evenings (SundayThursday) 89 per cent of the respondents wanted concerts to end by 10p.m. and 64 per cent by 11p.m. As a rule," concerts ending after 10p.m. have so far been organised only once a year in each venue.Some 62 per cent of the respondents approved of more concerts during the summer season from May to September. Some 81 per cent of the citizens think that somewhat longer concerts could be arranged once a month.""The finishing time policies are now being prepared for next year's summer season. The results of the survey will be used for this""", says Eeva Pitknen, Senior Environment Specialist at the Environment Centre.Survey directed at noisy areasThe survey was commissioned by the Environment Centre of the City of Helsinki and the Economic Development Division of the City Executive Office. The survey was drawn up by Finnish Consulting Group Ltd and Kari Pesonen Consulting Engineers Ltd.The survey was targeted at five areas where outdoor concert had been arranged in the summer of 2015: Olympic Stadium, Kaisaniemi, Suvilahti, Wholesale MarketAbattoir and Kylsaari. The survey areas covered the dwellings near the event area in all directions with dwellings into which noise can travel unobstructed. Hence, the respondents were Helsinkians to which the outdoor concerts were estimated to cause more nuisance than to the average citizen. The written survey was carried out in OctoberNovember 2015. The sample comprised 4921 people. The number of answers totalled 1837. The response rate was 37.3 per cent, which can be held as a good survey result.Read more:The survey material (in Finnish)Discuss the survey results on Facebook
We invite all those who wish to discuss the results of the outdoor concert survey to the Facebook page of the Environment Centre on 14th  15th December, 2015. The discussion will be moderated by Esa Nikunen, Environment Director of the City of Helsinki.
The Nordic Independent Living Challenge is a competition in which the five Nordic capitals seek independent living solutions for the elderly and disabled. Five teams shortlisted for the final will be announced in Stockholm on 15 December 2015. The finalists will be teams whose solutions best meet the challenge. The jurys assessment will also be influenced by the level of innovation of the solution and its commercial potential in the Nordic countries.The event in Stockholm will be attended by all teams that have participated in the third stage of the competition including four teams from Finland: Aura with a guiding night light Carecode with a special communication solution for health care Nappinaapuri (button neighbour) promoting communal values and Mobident focusing on oral health care.The highpoint of the Stockholm event is a pitching session, in which each team makes a five-minute presentation of their solution.The team presentations are an excellent opportunity to form a comprehensive picture of the various ways in which independent living at home can be supported, says Juha Jolkkonen of the City of Helsinki Department of Social Services and Health Care, explaining his expectations. The event will certainly generate a productive dialogue of everybodys opportunities to promote the lives of the elderly and the disabled. The challenge combines the strengths and know-how of cities, their residents, professionals, researchers and entrepreneurs.Read more:Nordic Independent Living ChallengeInnovations for Independent Living
Drivers should be prepared for winter conditions and proceed with caution on the detour around the Redi construction site in Kalasatama. As road surfaces become icy, speeds should be kept low.Traffic on the Itvyl expressway from Itkeskus to the city centre and Pasila was rerouted in the spring to pass around the Redi construction site. During heavy snowfall, lanes may need to be closed on the detour for snow removal. This may cause traffic congestion. Signs will warn and guide drivers during lane closures.The temporary traffic arrangements required by the Redi construction were introduced in early May 2015 and will be in place to 2017.Redi will form the centre of the Kalasatama district under development on former harbor and industrial land. Redi will comprise a commercial section at its core and will include Finlands tallest high-rise buildings. Construction has started from the commercial section including parking, which is scheduled for completion in the autumn of 2018. In its entirety, Redi is scheduled for completion in 2023.Read more:Traffic arrangements at Redi construction siteRediKalasatama
Helsinki Region Transport is surveying peoples travel habits in the Herttoniemi area. The aim is to collect data for a study to identify route network development needs in the area. In addition to Herttoniemi, the area includes Roihuvuori, Roihupelto and Tammisalo.Helsinki Region Transport has opened a map-based survey at www.hsl.fi/herttoniemi. The survey is in Finnish.
The aim of the survey is to gain new ideas to support route network planning. The survey gathers information about journeys starting or ending in Herttoniemi, Roihuvuori, Roihupelto or Tammisalo. You are welcome to respond to the survey even if you do not use public transport. The survey will be open until 10 January 2016.In addition to the online survey, HSL staff will be interviewing people at bus stops around Herttoniemi from 9 December.Planned changes in the Herttoniemi areaThe changes to public transport in the Herttoniemi area already planned for 2016-2018 enable us to reconsider public transport services in the area. For example, in the business area the highest demand is for daytime services on weekdays, while in the evening and at weekends there are fewer passengers.
The plan to be developed aims to adjust the services to better meet travel demand and to provide bus services to areas with the highest passenger potential. The plan also seeks to improve crosstown transport links as well as journeys within the area. The changes will be implemented in phases from autumn 2017.Read moreHelsinki Region Transportwww.hsl.fi/herttoniemi (in Finnish)
The operators for the West Metro feeder bus services scheduled to start running in August 2016 have been selected. The new operators were selected following an invitation to tender. The tendering process included also Helsinki internal routes.
A total of 159 new, low-emission buses will enter into service under the new contracts. Nitrogen oxides will be reduced by 80 per cent and particle emissions by 5 per cent compared to the current vehicles. Air conditioning and USB charging plugs available on part of the buses will improve travel comfort.In this tendering round, Helsinki Region Transport introduced a restrictive provision under which one operator can be awarded the operation of services requiring at most 110 vehicles. The aim is to ensure efficient bus market in the Helsinki Region Transport area. Because of the provision, the contract for the operating unit involving routes 531, 531B and 542 was awarded to an operator who had submitted the second best bid, says Director of Department Reijo Mkinen.The operating costs of the services are about 46 million euros a year, almost 9 per cent less than the budget estimate.Helsinki Region Transport
The City of Helsinki campaigns against family violence among different ethnic groups this autumn. The campaign is conducted in collaboration with the police and partnering organizations. Helsinki Mayor Jussi Pajunen launched the campaign at Helsinki City Hall in late October. The name of the campaign translates into English as no colour of skin can take violence.The campaign strives to draw attention to family violence experienced especially by women in multicultural families in increasingly international Helsinki.Family violence happens in peoples most private lives. Incidences of family violence may go unreported because of shame, guilt and fear. Reporting family violence may be complicated by reasons of language, culture and religion.Family violence is a challenging phenomenon for the public sector, as it falls under the authorities of many different actors. Various organizations play important roles in providing help and support, but everybody can help. It is always worth bringing it up.A minute-long campaign video can be viewed on Youtube. Campaign posters and postcards are distributed by City of Helsinki units and partnering organizations, and the campaign can be seen on City information screens.The City of Helsinki has previously campaigned against violence against children, the elderly and the disabled.
Helsinki is creating a new brand and marketing strategy based on a shared story highlighting the city's strengths. The draft themes for the forthcoming Helsinki brand story will be available for your evaluation at the Brand New Helsinki blog at bnh.fi, for during 26 October  7 December.Alternatively, why not join the discussion on the Brand New Helsinki page on Facebook, or in other social media channels using the identifier #brandnewhelsinki? Conversations marked with the identifier will be channelled to the Brand New Helsinki blog, where further details of the progress of the branding project are shared too.Helsinki began developing its city marketing strategy in June. The aim is to sharpen up Helsinki's identity and help it to compete for tourists, investments, events and talent worldwide. The work is now at a stage where residents are invited to help evaluate and further develop the draft themes for the Helsinki brand story.A range of competitor analyses, in-depth interviews, workshops and surveys of the views of city residents, business representatives, academics and other stakeholders were also included.To be completed during 2016, the city marketing strategy work will help Helsinki to decide which themes, sectors and target groups form the focus of its marketing.www.brandnewhelsinki.fi
President of the United States of America Barack Obama proclaimed December 3, 2015as Helsinki Human Rights Day.Four decades ago, the leaders of the United States, Canada, the Soviet Union, and countries from across a divided Europe came together to sign the Helsinki Final Act, a document reflecting the conviction that the security of states is inextricably linked to the security of their citizens' rights. This comprehensive security concept is forever enshrined in the Act and is mirrored in the subsequent statements and commitments made by the members of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE).Today, the Act continues to shine as a beacon for all who reach, often at great risk to themselves, for human dignity, for justice and tolerance, and for democratic ideals. Including the notions that power is derived from the consent of the governed and that human rights and fundamental freedoms belong to all of us. No matter where we live or where we come from. On Helsinki Human Rights Day, we pledge our cooperation and mutual respect as we work to fulfill the commitments made in the Helsinki Final Act.The Helsinki Final Act inspires our vision for democracy, human rights, and human dignity. It inspires a vision for open economies and shared prosperity, and a world in which states resolve disputes peacefully and work together to build and maintain trust. Together, we can faithfully implement our shared Helsinki commitments and help forge an ever better future for all.Read more:White House - Presidential Proclamations
Helsinki Final Act
Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE)
Helsinki Christmas Market is celebrated with extended opening hours and an extra warm feeling. The Christmas Market is open daily 422 December 2015 from 11am until 8pm. The Food Courts remain open on Fridays and Saturdays until 10pm. You can find the Christmas Market on Senate Square next to the Helsinki Cathedral.The Christmas Market new main restaurateurs, Helsinki favourites Kolmon3n and Soil Wine Room. The courts are lined with several smaller food stalls, welcoming you to bask in the holiday spirit, to indulge in delicacies and to warm your hands with a cup of mulled wine or hot chocolate.Last seasons hugely popular old Dutch carousel returns to the Christmas Market this year. A spin in the carousel is free of charge within the market opening hours.The Christmas Market is home to many traditional as well as more modern gift ideas and home items. About 100 vendors are placed on the Gift Alley lining the area, with plenty of gift items from wool socks to mistletoe, and silver jewellery to candles. Most of the items sold are handmade in Finland.Read more:Tori Quarters
The Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra (HPO), the Finnish Radio Symphony Orchestra (FRSO) and the Sibelius Academy of the University of the Arts Helsinki have launched an Orchestra Academy based at the Helsinki Music Centre. The purpose of the Orchestra Academy is to engage in long-term development of training for orchestra musicians, conductors and composers so as to better meet the needs of orchestras and to bring the training closer to practical working life.The goal in introducing systematic collaboration between the residents at the Music Centre is to create a unique learning environment for orchestral music to cater to professionals of the future. Both the HPO and the FRSO will select orchestral instrument students at the Sibelius Academy as apprentices to be mentored by professional musicians amid the ordinary activities of the orchestras. In addition to gaining practical work experience, the students will receive coaching for instance in how to prepare for auditions.The HPO and the FRSO will offer the services of an orchestra to conducting and composition students in alternate years. Conducting students will have the chance to work with a professional orchestra, while composition students will receive feedback on their works and practical advice on how to score for specific instruments. Also, one conducting student each year will be appointed assistant to Hannu Lintu, Chief Conductor of the FRSO and Visiting Professor of Conducting and Orchestra Education at the Sibelius Academy. Choir conducting students will have access to the Choir of the Music Centre.There are also plans for joint productions of works requiring large orchestras, and also for contributing to the audience outreach of the Music Centre. Moreover, the Sibelius Academy is undertaking to provide continuing education for orchestra members.The Orchestra Academy of the Helsinki Music Centre was launched in autumn 2015. It is managed by the orchestras General Managers and by the Dean of the Faculty of Classical Music and the Professor of Conducting and Orchestra Education from the Sibelius Academy.
Read more: The Helsinki Philharmonic Orchestra
Tram routes 2, 3, 4/4T and 7A/B will be diverted on Independence Day 6 December approximately from 5.30pm to 9.30pm due to the Presidents Independence Day Reception. Buses will replace tram services in Eira and Katajanokka.The trams 2 and 3 will run to the terminus of tram 1A on Pursimiehenkatu.In Eira, the trams will be replaced by bus 3X running between Etelranta and Viiskulma. The bus will leave from the Etelranta bus stop (0433) in Etelranta and its terminus will be the Viiskulma bus stop (1174) on Pursimiehenkatu.The trams 4 and 4T will run to Kolmikulma. Buses 4X and 4TX will replace the trams between Lasipalatsi and Katajanokka.The buses will leave from the Postitalo bus stop (2038) on Postikatu and run along Kaivokatu, Kaisaniemenkatu, Liisankatu, Pohjoisranta, Kanavakatu and Satamakatu to Kruunuvuorenkatu, from where bus 4X continues to Merisotilaantori and bus 4TX to the Katajanokka terminal.The trams 7A and 7B will run via Kaivokatu and Kaisaniemenkatu. The trams will not serve Aleksanterinkatu, Snellmaninkatu and Liisankatu.
Read more
Map showing the tram diversion routes
HSL
A nest built by ospreys in a power pylon was replaced during the birds autumn migration by a man-made nest base built in the top of a pine tree.A pair of ospreys living in Helsinki had made their nest in one of Helen Shkverkkos power pylons and raised their young successfully in it last summer. But because the location was problematic for the electricity network, a new nest was built for the birds a little further from the power line, in the top of a pine tree.- We spotted the birds nest-building project last spring, says Tiina Saransaari, Transmission Network Specialist from Helen Shkverkko Oy. We let them nest in peace, but now during the autumn migration it was possible to move the nest to a safer place. We contacted ornithologists, with whom we made the replacement nest. We hope that the osprey pair will nest in this new nest next year.In a single summer, the osprey nest had already grown to quite a size, and it might have caused disruptions in power transmission. Power plants are particularly sensitive to fast voltage changes, and the detachment of more than one power station from the electricity network could cause a widespread power distribution outage in Helsinki.The move of nesting site was made in collaboration with Tapio Solonen, a researcher involved in a national osprey monitoring project with the Finnish Museum of Natural History. When spring comes, they will wait with trepidation to see if the birds approve of the new nest.- The chances of the ospreys accepting the new artificial nest are good, says Tapio Solonen. It could also happen that they remember their last successful nesting so well that they will start building a new nest in the same power pylon.Solonen informs us that a significant number of Finlands ospreys nest in artificial nests made by humans. Ospreys may use the same nest for decades. Suitable nesting trees for them are few and far between, especially around Helsinki. What is more, the sea eagle and osprey may compete over the same nest sites.Helen
This marks the second time the Museum of Finnish Architecture is participating in the Shenzhen biennale, in collaboration with the Architecture Information Centre Finland, will co-stage WAY - Seaway, Railway, Bikeway, an exhibition looking back at the evolution of the Helsinki districts of Tlnlahti and Jtksaari over the past 200 years. These two neighbourhoods are today connected by the Baana Bicycle Corridor.Exhibition sheds light on the evolution of Helsinkis urban fabric and culture, focusing on the axis between the West Harbour and Tlnlahti Bay. This axis is tangibly symbolized by the Baana Bicycle Corridor, a pedestrian and bicycle thoroughfare that runs from the port to the city centre in a repurposed freight rail canyon.The exhibition spotlights the Baana Bicycle Corridor as the connecting thread that weaves together city districts and eras that have played a key role in Helsinkis urban restructuring process. What urban life ideally means to people has varied from era to era. The exhibition illustrates paradigm shifts in urban planning and ideology by focusing on three different ways: The seaway enabling the free flow of trade the railway connecting the all-important port and central railway station and the new bikeway that emblemizes todays shared city philosophy.The sixth Shenzhen Bi-City Biennale of Urbanism\Architecture invites us to take a fresh look at how we could revitalize our existing urban fabric. Its theme, Re-Living the City reminds us of the power of design to redefine the content and meaning of a city.
The exhibition is produced with support from the Ministry of Education and Culture.Read more:Museum of Finnish ArchitectureShenzen BiennaleJtksaari, city life by the open sea
Helsinki Region Transport HSL launches a pilot of its Mobile ticket app. The app available for Android phones, allows customers to buy single tickets for all public transport modes in the HSL area.In order to purchase mobile tickets, customers need to download a free app. The app is at first available at the app store for Android phones. Apps for Windows Phone and iOS devices will be available during the end of the year. The tickets can be purchased with subscriptions of Sonera, Elisa, DNA and their subsidiaries. The tickets are charged to the customers phone bill.Single tickets purchased with the HSL Mobile ticket app cost the same as single tickets purchased from drivers or conductors. On buses, the mobile ticket is shown to the driver. On other modes of transport - the Metro, trams, commuter trains and Suomenlinna ferry - the ticket is shown to the conductor or ticket inspector upon request.There are single tickets for all zones: Helsinki, Espoo and Kauniainen, Vantaa, Kerava and Sipoo, Kirkkonummi as well as region, extended region 2 and extended region 3.Read more about the HSL Mobile ticket app here.HSL
The City of Helsinki Rescue Department has developed a new method for self-control to improve safety at residential buildings. The method helps residences to recognize risk areas, to prevent accidents and emergencies, and to be prepared for emergencies. The method joins residents, rescue authorities and contracted fire brigades to improve safety together.According to the new method for self-control at residential buildings, the Rescue Department sends a letter to a housing company committing it to self-control, after which the housing company board reports the propertys safety situation to the Rescue Department. The Rescue Department processes the report and prepares a related document, after which the housing company corrects possible defects and reports the measures to the Rescue Department. As necessary, the Rescue Department conducts an inspection to ensure that the defects have been corrected. In case a housing company fails to return a monitoring report by the due date, the Rescue Department conducts an inspection at the site for a fee.Self-control can markedly improve safety at residential buildings. There is a need for self-control, because nearly 90 percent of accidental deaths and 80 percent of accidents resulting in injury in Finland happen at home and during leisure. The importance of improved safety at homes will grow in the future, as the population ages and social and health care services are increasingly provided at the homes of patients and customers.Self-control at residential buildings has so far been implemented in the following areas of Helsinki: Ala-Malmi, Alppiharju, Aurinkolahti, Etu-Tl, Harju, Central Vuosaari, Kallahti, Linjat, Malminkartano, Punavuori, Roihuvuori and Ruoholahti. The activity will be expanded to new areas in 2016.
Helsinki Quarterly is a research magazine that presents annually the latest research related to Helsinki. The 2015 issue, which is just out, looks at Helsinki from the perspectives of entrepreneurship, digitalization and urban culture, among other things.
The article by Pia Houni and Heli Ansio examines coworking spaces  a phenomenon that has grown popular also in Helsinki during the 2000s. In these workspaces, people who work alone have the opportunity to discover social contacts, professional support and useful networks.
Tuula Joronen summarizes a research conducted earlier this year amongst Somali entrepreneurs in Finland. The entrepreneurs were asked about issues that hinder or slow down the growth of Somali-owned businesses and entrepreneurship within the community.
The articles by Elina Eskel and Pekka Mustonen deal with the attraction and appeal of Helsinki viewed from an international standpoint. Eskel writes about the challenges faced by skilled migrants settling down in Helsinki as they attempt to enter the local housing market. Mustonen reports on the results of a study commissioned by the City of Helsinki to find out how young tourists from different countries experience Helsinki and its peer cities as potential travel destinations.
Vesa Keskinen and Jere Jppinen analyse the preliminary results of a music taste test which visitors in the Helsinki City Museum can participate in as part of their visit to an ongoing exhibition. According to the results, the three most popular music styles among the respondents are rock, easy classical and old jazz.
Netta Mki has examined the development of life expectancy in Helsinki in 19962014. Her findings show that overall life expectancy has increased in the city, but in some major districts it has been even lower in the last few years compared to the immediately preceding period.
Please click on the following links to read the articles in Helsinki Quarterly.Quarterlyn artikkeleita pset lukemaan alla olevista linkeist.
Helsinki Quarterly 2015
Editorial: The digitised city is a goldmine of data and information
Coworking spaces - creative sparks in the urban milieu (Pia Houni & Heli Ansio)
Helsinki's potential as a travel destination for young people (Pekka Mustonen)
Skilled migrants face difficulties with housing in Helsinki (Elina Eskel)
Changes in life expectancy by district in Helsinki 1996-2014 (Netta Mki)
Somalis in Finland have entrepreneurship potential (Tuula Joronen)
From Bach to Beyonc - examining musical preferences in Helsinki (Vesa Keskinen & Jere Jppinen)
The cities of Helsinki, Vantaa, Espoo, Tampere, Turku and Oulu want to set an example in climate action to the rest of the world.The Mayors Climate Network, a network of the six largest cities of Finland, has decided on closer collaboration and to join international climate networks. The decision was made as the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference in Paris approaches.The next important milestone after the Paris summit is the definition of climate goals to 2030. By the international scale, Finnish municipalities have an exceptionally large task in the climate work, and this is reflected as a great responsibility in the effort, says Helsinki Mayor Jussi Pajunen.The collaboration between our cities is a key method for Turku to achieve carbon neutrality by 2040. Our ambitious climate goals will also strengthen our competitiveness as we jointly develop solutions to the most pressing challenges faced by the global community, says Turku Mayor Aleksi Randell.According to its new principle, the Mayors Climate Network will seek to ensure that the network cities will join international climate commitments of cities. The network cities collaborate to draw their roadmaps for mitigating and adjusting to climate change. The Mayors Climate Network was established on the initiative of the Finnish Innovation Fund Sitra in 2011.Emissions declinedThe six largest cities of Finland have achieved a great deal through their collaboration in implementing their first ten initiatives. For example, they have trained more than 3,000 eco-support persons and boosted the energy efficiency of public buildings including schools and city offices. They have also improved the energy saving possibilities of residents and small and medium enterprises.The per-capita emissions of each city have declined since 1990. In Helsinki, the per-capita emissions have declined by as much as 39 percent since 1990.Read more:http://www.stadinilmasto.fi/en/
The Helsinki Challenge winner was NEMO  Natural Emotionality in Digital Interaction. The winnerteam received 250,000, while the runner-up, Biodiversity Now, received 125,000.The prize money is intended for realising the teams idea.
NEMO is developing new ways to digitise and transmit emotion online.The team is planning small add-ons for digital interaction platforms that would consider emotions.This way participants in online discussions could see or even experience the emotions of others in a new way that would be equivalent to natural interaction.The team wants to create an open protocol for emotion transmission for any coder to use for building new empathy-enabling applications.- We intend to study how playing in a digital environment influences the development of emotional skills in children, says researcher Katri Saarikivi. We want to create an Internet free from bullying.In addition to Saarikivi, the team features researchers from the University of Helsinkis Faculty of Behavioural Sciences and the University of Jyvskyl as well as experts from YLE, Teosto, the City of Espoo, Kuuasema and Soundage.Close cooperation
The Helsinki Challenge competition was launched a year ago. In October 2014, 114 teams signed up, and a jury selected 20 of them to participate in the semifinal in December.The multidisciplinary teams have been seeking solutions for the worlds grand challenges.
The University wanted to increase cooperation with other institutions.During the competition, the teams have developed their solutions together with representatives from the business sector, the media, alumni, policymakers and several Finnish and international experts.The goal was to together discover the building blocks of wellbeing and the solutions to problems, even on a global scale.
The University of Helsinki celebrated its 375th anniversary with the competition.The next Helsinki Challenge will be organised on the centennial of Finland's independence, in 2017.Read more
University of Helsinki
University of Helsinki 375 years
Helsinki Region Transport, HSL will launch a new commuter bus route 617 to ease commuting to the airport and the surrounding area. The new route will start running on 16 November. The bus will run between Hakaniemi and Helsinki Airport every 30 minutes at peak times.
As the bus will run along Tuusulanvyl and Ring Road III, it will serve also the areas next to Ring Road III and Lentoasemantie.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport, HSL
Vaccinations against seasonal influenza are available at health stations without appointmentsYou can also book an appointment for vaccination against seasonal influenza at a health station electronically during the influenza vaccination season, from November 2015 to February 2016, at the following address: asiointi.hel.fi.Maternity and child health clinics offer vaccinations against seasonal influenza as part of scheduled check-ups.
Open maternity and child health clinics offer vaccinations to clinic patients without appointmentOpen services are availableThe vaccination against influenza is free of charge for:Irrespective of age, persons with cardiovascular, pulmonary, respiratory, hepatic or renal illnesses or diabetes belong to risk groups, as well as patients whose immunity has deteriorated as a result of an illness or its treatment.Residents of Helsinki who do not belong to the above-mentioned groups can get vaccinated subject to a charge on a doctors prescription.Further information on the vaccinations is available at your local health station and maternity and child health clinic, website at www.hel.fi/sote/en and by calling the Telephone Health Service on 09 10023 (24 hrs)Information about the vaccination is available on the website of the National Institute for Health and Welfare www.thl.fi.
Helsinki Bicycle Account 2015 is the first publication in Helsinki that presents the development of cycling, citizens opinions, cycle path projects and cycling services. In the future, the cycle account will published every two years.
Citizens satisfaction with cycling conditions was surveyd in summer 2014. The first cycling barometer showed that the residents of Helsinki offer strong support to the City of Helsinkis objectives of developing cycling.
Get your English copy from Laituri, Narinkka 2.Helsinki Bicycle Account 2015
The new edition of the City of Helsinkis international news bulletin Helsinki News focuses on the ways Helsinki uses design thinking in city development projects. A programme titled Design Driven City has worked with city staff in projects ranging from the new user experience of Helsinki Art Museum to youth homelessness, making sure that peoples voices are heard in the Helsinki city administration. Design Driven City continues the work started in 2012, when Helsinki celebrated the year as World Design Capital.UNESCO recognized Helsinkis achievements in design in late 2014 by naming Helsinki a City of Design as part of the global UNESCO Creative Cities Network.Helsinki News tells readers how Helsinki builds and strengthens an open city. The methods include citizen participation  applied, for example, in an ongoing city governance reform process  free access to public records, and participatory budgeting. Suburbs are improved with citizen input in the Neighbourhood Project, aimed at developing Helsinki suburbs into dynamic urban areas.Read more:Helsinki News 3/2015 (pdf)
The Sibelius Academy, in collaboration with The Theatre Academy and Aalto ARTS, performs William Shakespeares play The Tempest (Myrsky) with Jean Sibelius' incidental music op. 109 for choir, orchestra and soloists.The Tempest performs on Saturday 21 st November in The Helsinki Music Centre.
The performance is one of the anniversary events of Sibelius 150 jubilee year.Myrsky (The Tempest)And everything is different. The Concert Hall of Helsinki Music Centre will be hit by the force of a unique storm. Afterward, nothing will be the same on this island: not the hall, nor Sibelius, nor Shakespeare, not even our understanding of what might follow this encounter. We will be torn, moulded and rearranged by the tempest. The encounter may be violent and licentious. Or clandestine, sensitive and tentative. Incomprehensible, strange and comical. Grotesque, odd. On the island, where we have been cast by the wind, we will fall under the spell of the tempest. This place with its sounds and images is the world of Shakespeare and Sibelius, and the world of the stage and music  and reality. The tempest is made of stories of loneliness and thirst for power, and, on the other hand, also of freedom and longing, for both the private and the public. Within a community, we relinquish our freedom and self-determination. Instead, in the realm of privacy, we relinquish the communal and communication. It is not always easy to make a choice. But after the Tempest, when everything is different, it will be possible.
Read more
ShakespeareSibelius: Myrsky
Sibelius Academy of the University of the Arts HelsinkiTickets: 17,50-32,50
Sibelius 150
HSL will be providing additional bus and Metro services on weekends during the pre-Christmas party season. Additional services are provided from Friday 13 November to Saturday 12 December. Additional bus services operate on Friday/Saturday and Saturday/Sunday nights. Additional service is provided on Helsinki internal bus routes 20N, 39N, 43, 65, 67N, 68, 71, 72N, 76N, 85N, 90N, 92N, 94N, 96N and 97N as well as regional routes 132NT, 231N, 270N and 411.Additional bus servicesAdditional Metro servicesHelsinki Region Transport
HSL is launching a loyalty scheme offering a range of benefits to customers who have an HSL account and Travel Card. At the same time, HSL is opening an online shop selling tickets and HSL merchandise.HSL account enables, for example, personalized information at HSL.fi and the Journey Planner and offers customers a range of benefits and discounts on products and services provided by HSL's partners. The account can be created at https://www.hsl.fi/en/customer-benefitsTravel Card customers or HSL account holders now get discounts at shops, restaurants, car rentals, theater, etc. A list of valid customer benefits is available at hsl.fi/en/customer-benefits. Discounts can be obtained online by logging in with the HSL account or showing a Travel Card, e.g. at a shop.HSL has also opened an online shop at hsl.fi/verkkokauppa. The shop is currently available only in Finnish. The shop enables customers across the country to buy HSLs tickets and products.At the moment, HSL has about 900,000 active Travel Card customers and 80,000 customers who have created an HSL account.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport, HSL
There will be service work in Hel.fi-pages on Thursday 12 November from 22:00 onwards. Necessary service operations are being carried out. We apologize for the inconvenience.
A new map service provided by Helsinki Region Environmental Services (HSY) shows the most advantageous locations for solar energy collection to guide the placement of solar panels.For example, the map service allows users to explore the solar power potential of their homes. The service enables everybody to use environmental data without special programmes, comments HSYs geospatial data expert Henna-Kaisa Rsnen.HSYs map service also provides open geospatial data on energy efficiency, land use, buildings, population and housing.The service shows the parts of roofs that receive enough solar radiation for solar photovoltaic cells, which convert the energy of light directly into electricity. The services solar energy calculations take into account the shapes and slanting of roofs, as well as shading caused by trees and other buildings. The calculations take into account seasonal cloudiness. The service also estimates the potential for annual solar power generation.Read more:Helsinki Region Environmental Services (HSY)HSY map service (in Finnish)
The addresses of service locations for intravenous drug users changed at the start of November 2015. Below you will find the new contact details of service locations and information on their services. The services can be used anonymously. You are welcome to visit as you are. The service locations also offer juice, coffee and small snacks.Service pointsServicesTelephone guidance is available MonFri 9:0014:00 from the numbers 040 149 5302 and 09 310 44795.
The City of Helsinki campaigns against intimate partner violence among different ethnic groups this autumn. The campaign is conducted in collaboration with the police and partnering organizations. Helsinki Mayor Jussi Pajunen launched the campaign at Helsinki City Hall in late October. The name of the campaign translates into English as no colour of skin can take violence.The campaign strives to draw attention to intimate partner violence experienced especially by women in multicultural families in increasingly international Helsinki.Intimate partner violence happens in peoples most private lives. Incidences of intimate partner violence may go unreported because of shame, guilt and fear. Reporting intimate partner violence may be complicated by reasons of language, culture and religion.Intimate partner violence is a challenging phenomenon for the public sector, as it falls under the authorities of many different actors. Various organizations play important roles in providing help and support, but everybody can help. It is always worth bringing it up.A minute-long campaign video can be viewed on Youtube. Campaign posters and postcards are distributed by City of Helsinki units and partnering organizations, and the campaign can be seen on City information screens.The City of Helsinki has previously campaigned against violence against children, the elderly and the disabled.See video:
5.11. City Council approved the plan for Crown BridgesHelsinki City Board has approved a detailed plan for Kruunusillat  Crown Bridges  which would extend from the emerging Kruunuvuorenranta residential district to the inner city. The plan requires approval by City Council, which will make a decision on the proposal in its meeting on 4 November.The bridges would allow the development of a fast connection from the city centre to the Laajasalo area of eastern Helsinki. The detailed plan would enable the construction of a bridge from Kalasatama to the Korkeasaari island and another bridge from Korkeasaari to Kruunuvuorenranta. The alternatives are to build a bridge either to Hakaniemi or to Kruununhaka.The bridges would only serve trams, cyclists and pedestrians. The tram connection, extending from Kruunuvuorenranta through Laajasalo to Yliskyl in northeastern Laajasalo, would integrate Kalasatama, Kruunuvuorenranta and the whole Laajasalo into the inner city. The bridges would also give cyclists and pedestrians a new maritime route with spectacular views.The new tram connection would be integrated into the overall rail transport network in Helsinki and provide a new dimension to the network. The tram line would provide direct transfer to the metro, commuter trains and city centre tram lines. The connection would improve the overall coverage of public transport in the Helsinki region. The project would significantly improve cycling and walking connections in Helsinki.No decision has yet been made on the construction of Crown Bridges.Read more:Crown Bridges brochureKalasatamaKruunuvuorenranta
The mild start to the year reduced earnings from district heat sales, and the cool summer eroded the expected growth in the sale of district cooling energy. Helen launched yet another new service based on renewable energy: renewable district heat aimed at apartment dwellers.Helens results were in line with plans. Turnover totalled EUR 534 million and operating profit stood at EUR 90 million. District heat sales fell by 4% on the previous year to 4,167 GWh. The electricity sales volume grew by 1%, but the turnover of electricity sales fell due to the reduced market price of electricity. The summer was cooler than average, which turned energy sales in district cooling on a downward trend. Sales of district cooling energy fell by 10%. The fall in fuel costs has compensated for the reduction in turnover. Electricity distribution in Helsinki decreased by 1% to 3,179 GWh. The total cost impact to Helen as a result of the cancellation of the Olkiluoto 4 project by Teollisuuden Voima Oyj was approximately EUR 7 million.Investments in renewable energy and emissions reductionHelens investments totalled EUR 85 million. Pellet combustion equipment was built at the Hanasaari power plant, enabling the combustion of wood pellets mixed with coal with a share of 57 per cent. Investments in the cleaning of flue gases and especially in the reduction of nitrogen oxides, worth almost EUR 20 million, were carried out at the Salmisaari and Hanasaari power plants. A new underground substation in Pasila was completed.Read more:Helen
UNESCO has named Helsinki a City of Design as part of the UNESCO Creative Cities Network. The new edition of Helsinki-info bulletins English Supplement explains why and how Helsinki uses design to build a better city. Design will be an integral part of Helsinkis standard operations to keep building a better life for citizens, says Laura Aalto of the Design Driven City project.The English Supplements regular series on Helsinkis foreign-born residents presents Saido Mohamed, a refugee and feminist from Somalia, who dedicates her life in Helsinki to fighting for the rights of women and girls.Readers learn about the new Ring Rail Line that provides a link from the Helsinki railway station to Helsinki Airport. Riders are served by art at stations along the way, presented by the English Supplement in a slideshow.The edition invites citizens to join a process to co-create a brand for Helsinki. They can do so by commenting on alternative themes for a Helsinki story. The edition instructs readers how to do that.Non-Finnish-speaking readers learn how to improve their Finnish in an informal and sociable way: Helsinki City Library provides a service named the Finnish Language Caf Suoma at the Pasila library.The edition introduces the five finalists of the University of Helsinkis science-based ideas competition Helsinki Challenge. The winners will be announced in mid-November.The English Supplement is the English-language section of Helsinki-info, an information bulletin published by the City of Helsinki six times a year, both in print and online. The supplement is published online.Read English Supplement
Helsinki Region Transport HSL fares are set to rise on average by 4.9 per cent at the beginning of next year. Increases will affect single, season and value tickets.The prices of city internal adult season tickets will go up from 49.50 euros to 52.60 euros (30 day pass). The price of a corresponding regional adult season ticket will rise by 3.80 euros from 98.60 euros to 102.40 euros. The prices of city internal season tickets increase more than those of regional season tickets to reduce the price gap between them. HSLs member municipalities subsidize, in particular, their residents season tickets. Without the subsidies, the fares would be on average twice the current fares.The biggest increases will be seen in the prices of single tickets, which will rise by on average 8.1 per cent. The price of adult city internal single ticket will rise by 20 cents from 3 euros to 3.20 euros, while the price of adult regional single ticket will rise from 5 euros to 5.50 euros. Single fares are cheaper with the Travel Card: adult city internal value tickets will cost 2.06 euros and adult regional value tickets 4.04 euros next year. The pricing structure is designed to increase people to use the Travel Card: Travel Card customers get better benefits than occasional users of public transport.Read more:HSL
The UK edition of Wired magazine puts Helsinki in third place among the worlds top tech cities, after New York and London and before Barcelona and Amsterdam.The research team from UK innovation charity Nesta analysed 40 city governments to create the top-five list. Helsinkis particular strengths were in leadership and infrastructure.Wired: World's Top Tech Cities
The basic and usage fees for domestic water services will go up by an average 2.4 percent in the municipalities managed by Helsinki Region Environmental Services (HSY) at the beginning of the new year. The increase will raise the water usage fee by 8 cents per square metre, which translates into approximately one euro per month for an average single-family home.The raise will be used to finance environmental investments such as a new water treatment plant.However, the fees for connecting to the water services network will go down by 2.5 percent. Most water management service fees will also decrease.Waste management fees for properties will go up by an average 0.2 percent, to comply with the rate of inflation. The raise will concern mixed waste only, and it is aimed at promoting the sorting of waste. Prices at Sortti waste stations will remain the same.Waste management fees for properties are determined by the size of waste containers and the frequency of waste collection. Residents can lower the fees by recycling, by reducing the amount of waste and by reducing the frequency of collections.The new fees will take effect as of 1 January 2016.Read more:Questions about domestic water
Waste sorting and recycling
Helsinki Region Environmental Services
The Helsinki Book Fair 22-25 October at Messukeskus will see over 1,100 writers, scientists, artists, opinion leaders and politicians take the stage. A total of 15 programme venues will host 800 presentations, in addition to which each stand will provide its own programme.In addition to several authors, many politicians, scientists, artists and opinion leaders are also taking the stage and taking part in debates, book reviews and interviews. Also the Finnish Book Association and the Finnish Whodunnit Society organise programme. Tiedetori offers scientific programme on Thursday and Friday.Record number of Russian authorsRussian literature and culture are in the spotlight at the Helsinki Book Fair this year. Russian authors have never been this well represented in any event. The programme covers a wide spectrum of Russian literature and culture and gives a comprehensive insight to modern Russian literature as well as older classics. Prose, scifi, fiction, non-fiction, history, essays, children's literature, and much more is covered. All current literary movements in Russian literature are represented. The number of Russian authors is 33.Celebrating the Year of the BookThe Helsinki Book Fair is the main partner of the Year of the Book. To honour this special occasion a pop-up caf is built and visitors are encouraged to come and talk about their reading experiences with other literature fans.On Saturday 24 October the President of Finland, Mr Sauli Niinist, the patron of the theme year will make his presence at the fair and embark on a conversation about literature with Author Jrn Donner.Inspiring children and teens to readThe students of Kallio Upper Secondary School of Performing Arts organise programme on the Louhi stage this year for the fourth time. This year the programme is brought closer to everyday life as the themes are mental health, social media, coping with everyday life and gender roles.Read moreHelsinki Book Fair
The schedule for the opening of a direct access from the Helsinki Airport terminal to the train station has been updated. The entrance to the terminal is estimated to open at the end of December. Until then, passengers can use the Tietotie entrance and either walk or take a shuttle bus to the terminals. In addition, Helsinki Region Transport HSL is launching a new bus route to improve commuter links to the area.According to current plans, the direct entrance to the airport terminal will open at the end of December when the lifts are completed. The installation of escalators at the entrance will continue into early 2016.The opening of the entrance is delayed because the works in the steel-and-glass entrance shaft have proven more challenging than anticipated: the glass panels to be installed have to be lowered one by one thirty meters down the shaft and installed in a very narrow space.New commuter route 617HSL is launching a new bus route 617 to improve commuter links from Hmeentie and Mkelnkatu to the airport. The new service will facilitate the journeys of passengers who need to change vehicles both at the beginning and end of their journey because the terminal entrance is not yet open.Bus 617 will run every 30 minutes at peak times. As the bus will run along Tuusulanvyl and Ring Road III, it will serve also the areas next to Ring Road III and Lentoasemantie. The new route will start running on 16 November 2015.Read more:HSL
The Villhde plant of Linkker in Nastola, Finland is about to roll out the first ever electric buses manufactured in Finland. The first two electric buses ordered from Linkker by Helsinki Region Transport have been converted from diesel-powered buses. They ran on diesel engines until last spring when they arrived at Linkkers plant. When they are driven out of the plant this autumn, they are powered by electricity.The buses were first stripped off everything that could be removed: the passenger compartments including seats, the floors, the linings and, lastly, the old engines and related parts. The combustion engines have been replaced with electric engines and the petrol tanks with batteries. Finally, the bus interiors are rebuilt.Helsinki Region Transport plans a significant expansion in its electric bus fleet. According to the plan, 30 percent of all buses in the area served by Helsinki Region Transport should be electrically powered in ten years.The first two converted electric buses, rolled out in October, will go into service in Espoo in late 2015. Further electric buses to be completed next year will go into traffic inside Helsinki. Electric buses will be operated on routes where electric vehicles and emission-free transport yield the most benefits: in densely built urban areas where buses make more stops than average because of busy traffic.Electric buses will also be changing the Helsinki cityscape. For example, the Railway Station square will accommodate an electric bus charging station from next year onwards.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
Linkker
Helsinki Region Transport HSL will launch a new commuter bus route 617 to ease commuting to the airport and the surrounding area. The bus will run between Hakaniemi and Helsinki Airport every 30 minutes at peak times. As the bus will run along Tuusulanvyl and Ring Road III, it will serve also the areas next to Ring Road III and Lentoasemantie. The new route will start running on 16 November 2015.Read more:HSL
Helsinki Zoo has for long collaborated with schools, City of Helsinki day care centres and City playgrounds. Youth work is about to start, and the zoo receives many occupational therapy groups.Helsinki Zoo has for years offered opportunities for Helsinki schools, day care centres and playgrounds to take classes and groups to the zoo free of charge. The classes and groups only need to register their visits online and agree to follow the zoo rules. Every year the zoo welcomes thousands of children in groups, and a high percentage of them are from Helsinki. Some of the groups visit the zoo on their own, while others take guided tours. The groups can also take the zoos nature school course, which immerses children in questions related to nature for one day.The zoo is about to begin deeper cooperation with the City of Helsinki Youth Department. So far the zoo has welcomed groups from youth centres and youth summer camps.Since the beginning of September, the zoo has hosted an outdoor club for two groups of 2-to 5-year-olds. The club operates independently on the zoo island, but the paths of the groups and zoo attendants cross every once in a while. The club prepared for the spring this week, when the children and gardeners planted bulbs in the section of the island facing Mustikkamaa.The zoo also receives many occupational therapy groups of both children and adults.The zoo has collaborated with the Uusix rehabilitation workshops for a number of years. The handy Uusix workers have made bags out of the wind-torn zoo flags to be sold at the zoo shop.The zoo works through the Respa programme targeting unemployed young people under age 30, providing young people with work try-outs of a few months. The try-outs allow the participating young people to acquaint themselves with the working life and to accrue their work experience.Read more:Helsinki Zoo
Uusix workshops
Respa youth programme
The Ministry of Transport and Communications' work concerning the status of the Helsinki-Malmi Airport has now come to an end. According to decisions made in 2014, the government shall withdraw its operations from the Helsinki-Malmi Airport by the end of 2016.
In January 2015, the Ministry of Transport and Communications responded to the Chancellor of Justice's request for a report on the preparation of the decision to shut down the Helsinki-Malmi Airport. According to the complaint submitted to the Chancellor of Justice, the government's spending limits decision was made without the relevant and appropriate information and was prepared on the basis of erroneous reasoning. In September 2015, the Chancellor of Justice found that the decision by the government to withdraw from the airport area was not made on the basis of lacking or erroneous information.
The Ministry of Transport and Communications has examined the status of the Helsinki-Malmi Airport on numerous occasions in recent years. The uncertainty concerning continued operations at Helsinki-Malmi has been considered and discussed for many years. From 2000, numerous reports have been drawn up on alternatives for the Helsinki-Malmi Airport and on the possible placement of general aviation operations.
An agreement between the State and the Helsinki region's municipalities on support for large infrastructure projects and promotion of housing was approved during the Government plenary session on 20 November 2014. The agreement stipulates that the government shall terminate its operations at Malmi Airport by the end of 2016 and no later than by the end of 2020, after which jurisdiction of the area will return to the City of Helsinki.The land area is owned by the City of Helsinki, and, from 1 January 2017, it will have full jurisdiction to decide on the use of the area.Read more:Ministry of Transport and CommunicationsMalmi airport area to be redeveloped with wide green areas
In the autumn 1915 Taidesalonki-Konstsalongen will celebrate its 100th anniversary. In October 1915 Leonard Bcksbacka (18921963) pawned his gold watch and founded Konstsalongen. Taidesalonki Art Gallery in Helsinki is the oldest still functioning art gallery in Finland.
To celebrate the anniversary year three exhibitions and a publication will appear.New Construction. Working group Paunu, Regan, Wallenskld, Taidesalonki-Art Gallery, 30.9.2015-20.12.2015
 Today's activity and future aims can be seen in the exhibition.Exhibitions, 100 Years of Konstsalongen, Sinebrychoff Art Museum, 8.10.2015-10.1.2016
 The Sinebrychoff Art Museum will show another side of the versatile activity of Konstsalongen gallery: older Finnish art from Schillmark, Berndtson and Gallen-Kallela to Schjerfbeck, Persian miniatures originally shown in the 1920s, silver and other antiquities.100 Years of konstsalongen, Helsinki City Art Museum HAM, 25.9.2015-10.1.2016
 The exhibition collects one hundred works that have passed through the halls of Taidesalonki, representing some of the most unique visual works of their time.In connection with the exhibitions a book is to be published by SKS. This publication Traces of 100 years activity 1915-2015 follows the same line of thought as the exhibitions.Read more:hamhelsinki.fi
taidesalonki.com
sinebrychoffintaidemuseo.fi
Helsinki Region Environmental Services HSY monitors air quality in the Helsinki region in real time and reports on air quality online at the HSY website. Air quality is also reported on displays placed in metro cars and on trams.HSY now makes the air-quality monitoring data available in digital format free of charge. The data is gathered by HSY at monitoring stations in Helsinki, Espoo, Vantaa, Lohja and Jrvenp. The data is available from the Finnish Meteorological Institutes open data service.Open data refers to such raw data produced or gathered by the public administration, businesses, other organizations and citizens that has been made easy to use by anyone and free of charge. Open data is used by application developers to produce new services.Open data from Finnish Meteorological InstituteThe Finnish Meteorological Institute has made datasets freely available in digital format since 2013. The institutes online service allows anyone to browse, view and download institute datasets free of charge. Datasets are made available as soon as it is technically feasible to open them. The use of the service requires registration. Register as a user (page in Finnish).Open data from HSYThe open data service of HSY offers environmental data for free use and free of charge. By opening up environmental datasets, HSY wishes to promote the use of the data and development of new services based on the data. HSYs open datasets can be found through the HSY open data search here (in Finnish).Read more:Helsinki Region Environmental Services HSYHSYs real-time air quality reportFinnish Meteorological Institute
The amount of freight traffic at Vuosaari Harbour has picked up Freight traffic grew by more than 3% during the period JanuaryAugust, compared to the corresponding period in 2014. Container traffic alone grew 6% compared to the corresponding period.
The growth in freight traffic has been affected in particular by the opening of Tallink Siljas new Estonia connection at the beginning of the year, and by container traffic, which is experiencing strong growth.
The Port of Helsinki believes that the growth at Vuosaari Harbour will continue in a positive direction. Managing Director Kimmo Mki states that the target growth for this decade is as much as 20%.Growth to change harbour-area operationsDue to the increased freight traffic, Vuosaari Harbour is to undergo renovations. In practice, this means that the field facilities in use by the companies operating in Vuosaari Harbour must be reorganised, and the use of the 240 hectare harbour area rationalised. The reorganisation will concern a harbour area of approximately 20 hectares.The changes will affect the operations of all harbour operators, and talks have been held with the companies. The Port of Helsinkis basis is that the changes will not weaken the service capacity of the companies operating in Vuosaari, instead they will facilitate their growth into the future.The changes will be carried out over the course of this year and next year.
Read more:Port of Helsinki
The City of Helsinki Public Works Department is moving to new premises in Vallila, address Elimenkatu 5, on 2223 October.
The department's PO box address, phone numbers and e-mail addresses will remain the same, but in the future the department will only have a single fax number, which is 09 310 38674.
The City of Helsinki is giving up the Public Works Department's current office building, as the plot located at Kasarmikatu 21 has been sold to a private company.
The Public Works Department has been operating out of its current building for 54 years, starting from 1961. Before that, the department had been operating since 1918 out of a building located at the same address, which was eventually demolished. As a result, the current move will end the department's 97 year history at Kasarmikatu.Customer service closed for three daysDue to the move, our customer service will be closed on Thursday and Friday, 2223 October, as well as on Monday, 26 October, and re-open at the new address (Elimenkatu 5) at 8:15 on Tuesday, 27 October. See you in Vallila!
Parking in the areaThe new office building does not have free of charge parking spaces for customers  except for bicycles. Parking is carried out as normal on-street parking. However, there are parking spaces subject to a charge, parking disc spaces, as well as free of charge parking spaces in the area. In addition to this, there is also a private parking garage located at Elimenkatu 15. For more information, please visit www.q-park.fi
The area features good public transport connections. For more information, please visit www.reittiopas.fi/en
More information:
The new office on the map
Ideas for building solar power under urban conditions are sought from application developers and start-up companies. This brainstorming project is given a boost by taking part in an international application competition and by offering new data for the use of the competitors.Helsinki is a forerunner in smart electricity metering and open data resources, which are freely available in the www.hri.fi service. As part of the international Smart City App Hack app competition, Helen offers data for the use of the developers: hourly residence-specific electricity consumption data from homes in Helsinki will also be published in addition to the production data of the Suvilahti solar power plant and the actual hourly price information for Fingrids electricity, which are already public.Utilisation of solar energy in the production of both electricity and heat is an important factor in the building of a carbon-neutral future. Helen actively seeks new solutions in partnership with residents and other stakeholders.Facts:Read more:Helen
Helsinki schools are closed for the autumn break on 1216 October. This listing includes Helsinkis offerings for children and young people during the autumn break.School year calendarHead to Helsinki during your autumn break!Spend your best autumn vacation yet in the Finnish capital! You can find fun family destinations, culture and diverse events in Helsinki throughout the autumn season.Helsinki for kids from Visit Helsinki
Outdoors
Museums
Family attractionsFind your nearest youth centre or a new hobby from hobby searchMake your way to the nearest youth centre and join the activities! The City of Helsinki Youth Department maintains a hobby search that allows you to check what leisure activities Helsinki has to offer for young people. The activities are offered by many different organizers in Helsinki. (Please note that most of the items are listed in Finnish.)Hobby search
Youth services on map
Fallkulla domestic animal farm
Haltiala farm
Kivikko skiing hall
Swimming halls
Indoor sports facilitiesBe physically active in Tl and MyllypuroThe Tl Sports Hall (address Paavo Nurmen kuja 1) hosts an EasySport week for lower-stage school children on 1216 October. On offer is versatile physical activity at a number of sports stations from 1114 daily. You can try your hands on circus, airtrack, gymnastics, ball games, American football, boxing, and a lot more. You can do all this for 1.50 euros per day.The Liikuntamylly Gym in Myllypuro (address Myllypurontie 1) hosts diverse sports for school children and young people on Thursday to Friday, 1516 October, from 1417 on both days. The activities cater for lower-stage and upper-stage students at the FunAction and EasySport happenings. There is climbing, parkour, hip hop, and a great deal more. The daily fee at Liikuntamylly is 1.50 euros, but you can also enter with a FunAction card.www.easysport.fi
www.funactionnuorille.fi
Autumn fun at Helsinki ZooHelsinki Zoo invites you to spend your autumn break with wild animals. The zoo is open throughout the autumn break. Workshops open for everybody allow you to work on diversions for the animals and acquaint yourself with the insects of Africasia. The workshop programme is organized in cooperation with City of Helsinki playgrounds. You can also join animal feedings and explore an activity track on your own.Helsinki ZooAmusement parks season peaks in a carnival of lightThe 2015 season of the Linnanmki amusement park peaks in a mid-October carnival of light, organized for the 10th time on 1018 October. The carnival features some of Finlands top entertainers. Join us to have fun, enjoy food and watch fabulous performances on the Estradi stage in the magically lit amusement park. Admission is free throughout the carnival. The doors are open from 1322 daily.Linnanmki amusement parkUseful links:Event search
Oil Silo 468 light artwork open 1011 October
City of Helsinki cultural centres
Suomenlinna sea fortress
Sea Life Helsinki
Heureka science centre
Finnish Museum of Natural History
The City of Helsinki Public Works Departments car hotel offers a convenient way to store summer vehicles over the winter.Resident parking permits are not valid on streets for vehicles taken out of traffic for a limited period. However, resident parking permits can be used to store vehicles in the car hotel. Vehicle storage in the car hotel without a resident parking permit is subject to a charge.The car hotel is located in Tattarisuo (address Kaasutintie 4). Another car hotel used to operate in Kalasatama, but this service has been discontinued due to the development of the Kalasatama area.The car hotel is a fenced and illuminated area with 24-hour video surveillance. You can bring to the car hotel up to two vehicles at a time, to be stored for 30210 days. The car hotel serves private individuals who are Helsinki residents.The service is free of charge with a resident parking permit. Without a permit, the charge is 35 euros per month. The service is highly popular, so it is recommended that vehicle owners find out about the availability of space before bringing vehicles to Tattarisuo. The car hotel service hours are 818.Instructions for resident parking permit holdersNote: The Public Works Departments Customer Service is closed 2226 October, as the service moves to a new address. The new address from 27 October onwards is Elimenkatu 5.Public Works Departments Customer ServiceParking in Helsinki
University of Helsinki launched an international science-based competition, the Helsinki Challenge, to celebrate its 375th anniversary.The prize aims to spur science based ideas and innovations that has impact in society. The ultimate goal is to create solutions to grand challenges and for the future well-being. The evaluation criteria are originality, creativity, impact, solution focused and science based. The winner(s) will receive a prize of 375,000.Out of 20 semifinalists, the international jury has chosen five.Seminar and Grand FinaleOn the 12th-13th November, the University of Helsinkis 375th anniversary year will culminate in the Science for a Better World seminar and Helsinki Challenge Grand Finale. The seminar will gather top names in Finnish and international research as well as the most interesting speakers from the society  the common aim is to build solutions for the future wellbeingMore on the seminar, the Grand Finale and registration: Seminar and registrationRead more:Helsinki ChallengeUniversity of Helsinki
Public transport passenger numbers in the Helsinki Region Transport HSL area are so far looking better than anticipated. At the end of August, public transport ridership was up by 1.7 per cent from the previous year, with the expected increase being around one per cent.The total annual ticket revenue is expected to increase by about 2.9 per cent. HSL is expected to run a surplus of 13.4 million euros, while the budget provided for a loss of 9.9 million euros. Despite the positive trend, there is considerable pressure to increase ticket prices next year in order to be able to cover the infrastructure costs incurred by the Ring Rail Line and West Metro amounting to 60 million euros a year.In 2015, some 360 million public transport journeys are made in the HSL area, an increase of about 1.9 per cent from the previous year. Operating income is estimated to amount to 621.4 million euros, exceeding the budget by just over one per cent. Municipal contributions are estimated to be 299 million euros. Ticket revenue is estimated to amount to 307.1 million euros. Ticket prices were increased by an average of almost four per cent at the beginning of the year.Read more:HSL
Image: Visit Helsinki / Jussi Hellsten.The Carnival of Light at Linnanmki illuminates amusement park on the closing week of the summer-long season 10-18 October.Visitors are entertained throughout the carnival by quality entertainment for older and younger audiences alike, as brilliant performers take to the stage. All of the services at the amusement park show their best to provide a fun experience as the winter approaches. Admission to the grounds is free of charge, and many of the rides are open (weather permitting).Linnanmki Amusement Park
Picture:  HAM / Maija ToivanenThe renovation of the Tennispalatsi entertainment and cultural centre has taken more than a year. The art museum has doubled the floor space of its galleries and other public areas  from 1,500 to more than 3,000 square meters. Finnkino Tennispalatsi has also seen a major transformation in its lobby areas.HAM will be exhibiting the works of one of the worlds most influential artists, Chinese artist Ai Weiwei. The works of art will be exhibited for the first time in Finland and two of the pieces will have their world premiere.The Tennispalatsi catering services are enriched with a new restaurant. Lumire Vin & Cuisine serves brunch on Sundays, lunch on weekdays and  la carte dinners. The restaurant also serves a wine-and-cheese menu.The tenants of Tennispalatsi have strengthened cooperation over the past year. They have planned and implemented the buildings spatial solutions together, and Tennispalatsi now offers the public more open and brighter spaces for relaxation and social interaction.Read more:HAM
The European Mobility Week starts on Wednesday 19 September and culminates in Car Free Day on Tuesday 22 September. HSL will mark the day with discounts on single and value tickets and various events.Discount on single tickets
On the Car Free Day, you can travel on Helsinki region public transport at discounted prices. HSL offers one, two and three zone single tickets at 1, 2 and 3 euros (children 50 cents, 1 and 1.5 euros). Guided bus tours
Approximately from 3.30pm to 5.30pm, you can discover historic and other interesting sites along the routes of tram 1A and buses 65A, 550 and 560. There will be professional guides from Helsingin Turistioppaat ry. All you need is a valid ticket, i.e. you can enjoy the rides also with the special price tickets.Electric transport event
Ilmastoinfo will host an event showcasing electric vehicles. The event will take place on Iso-Roobertinkatu 3pm-6pm. #autonvapaapiv invites to try sustainable modes of transportThe Car Free Day will be widely covered on social media. A group of public figures has promised to leave their cars at home and try alternative modes of travel. To find out who these people are and how they move around, follow hashtag #autonvapaapiv on Twitter, Instagram and Facebook (16-22 September). HSL provides the group with regional day tickets.The Car Free Day challenges everyone to try different sustainable modes of transport and share their photos and comments on social media using hashtag #autonvapaapiv. A bicycle will be raffled among all who share their photos.The European Mobility Week encourages people to think about their daily mobility choices and their impacts on their wellbeing, the environment and society. HSLs strategic goal is to direct the increase in traffic to public transport, walking and cycling and to make sustainable modes of transport more attractive.Read more: HSL
The solar power plant in the Helsinki district of Suvilahti, which was Finlands largest solar power plant on completion, has met all expectations since it started production last spring. The cloudy weather in early summer was balanced out by the sunny August days, capturing enough solar power to correspond to the annual consumption of 100 one-bedroom apartments.The 1,194 solar panels of the Suvilahti power plant started producing electricity last March. From April until August, customers with a designated panel received over 200,000 kWh of solar-produced electricity, corresponding to the annual consumption of over 100 one-bedroom apartments.The weather was exceptional this summer. August was almost 30 per cent sunnier than normal, but the period from April to July was approximately 10 per cent less sunny than usual. As a result, the summer was only a couple of per cent cloudier than normal and, as a result, plenty of solar energy was produced.Read more:Helen
A demonstration disrupts public transport in the Helsinki region on Friday 18 September. Commuter trains, metro and trams do not run on Friday. Most bus services do not run. The Metro and tram services are suspended for the whole of Friday, commuter train services resume around 6.30pm. Bus services resume around 5am on Saturday. At some terminals in the HSL area, timetables screens display timetables dispite the demonstration. The timetables do not hold good.HSLVRFinavia - Flight impact
Trams 7A and 7B will be able to resume their normal route on 14 September.Works will continue in the autumn, for example, on Pasilankatu and are scheduled to be completed at the end of October.In the coming years, Pasila will become Helsinkis second center and an even more important transport node. By 2040, Pasila is estimated to be home for some 20,000 people and 50,000 jobs.Changes to the stops of trams 7B and 9 in Pasila on 14 SeptemberTram routes 7B and 9 will swap end stops on Ratapihantie in Pasila from 14 September.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
Promentor Web online courses make studying Finnish simple. There are two courses, Suomea 3 kerroksessa (Finnish on Three Levels) and Suomi tutuksi. The courses have been compiled together with language teachers. Support language for the Suomi tutuksi course is provided in Finnish. For the Suomea 3 kerroksessa course, support language is available in both Finnish and English.As a HelMet library patron, you also have access to five other language courses whose languages are Swedish, English, Spanish, and Russian. The support language in these courses is also Finnish.
Study at home or on the goYou can study in the Promentor Web service whenever you like - at home or while travelling - as long as you have a web connection. You also need your library card number and PIN number to log into Promentor Web and begin your studies. The courses provided by HelMet Library you can find under the heading Active courses.Read more:HelMet
Almost 91 per cent of public transport passengers are satisfied with Helsinki Region Transport HSL area public transport. HSL achieved a record result in the customer satisfaction survey conducted last spring.In spring 2015, HSL public transport received a record high overall grade of 4.17 on a scale of 1 to 5, with up to 90.9 per cent of passengers giving public transport a good (4) or very good (5) rating. The share of satisfied passengers has slightly increased from the already high figure recorded in 2014.Passenger satisfaction remained at the same level as in spring 2014 on all modes of transport, with the exception of tram services where the share of satisfied passengers was slightly up. Metro passengers continue to be the most satisfied public transport users.In spring 2015, over 90 per cent of passengers were satisfied with the train staffs ability to provide advice, but less than half of commuter train passengers were satisfied with disruption information.Although public transport fares are in general criticized, up to 93.7 per cent of the respondents considered that public transport offers value for your money. In addition, almost 99 per cent of passengers would recommend the use of public transport to others.Read more:HSL
HSLs ticket survey conducted every autumn starts on 14 September. This year, the survey is conducted on trams.
The survey examines what tickets passengers use, where they live, what is the average journey length and what are the feeder modes used. The information will be used in the planning and development of the services.
The survey is conducted by HSL's ticket inspectors along with normal ticket inspections. We hope that passengers will respond positively to the survey and have their tickets ready to present. In this way, the survey can be carried out without unnecessary delays and inconvenience.
At the same time, HSL is doing an interview survey of ferry passengers at passenger ports in Helsinki.
Read more
Passenger transport survey 2015 at passenger ports in Helsinki
HSL
Lighting creates safety. As the nights become darker, it is time to turn attention to the lighting of homes, both indoors and outdoors, as well as to the condition of light fixtures.After the summer, light fixtures should be cleaned from dust and dead insects. Dirt can take away half of the intensity of a light fixtures intensity of lighting, according to the Helen energy group.Plastic and glass light covers should be detached and washed with a mild detergent solution. Textile lamp shades can be vacuumed lightly.LED lights are superior to other lights in terms of their energy efficiency. They can be used both indoors and outdoors.Outdoor lights should always be covered and placed where they are protected from rain and snow.Lighting energy tips from HelenTwilight switches turn lights on when the light intensity falls below the set level. They can be complemented with timer switches to turn lights off in some areas for desired nighttime hours.Presence and motion sensors turn lights on when they detect motion in their range.You should also make use of programmable lighting control systems.Also rememberHelen
OpenHouseHelsinki allows visitors into places which normally are not available to the public. OpenHouseHelsinki organizes guided walks in fascinating interior spaces, interesting parts of the city as well as old and new architectural points of interest. The walks are guided by designers and specialists.The walks are free of cost. No tickets or enrollment are required. For safety reasons some of the walks have restricted number of participants. The participants are taken in the order of arrival or drawn out in a lottery. If the language of the tour is not mentioned, it will be Finnish.Walk a Profession for a WomanFor the sixth year running, the Women's Bank organises the Walk a Profession for a Woman event on Sunday, at 13.30 am. at The EY-talo, Alvar Aallon katu 5 C, 00100 Helsinki. We recommend public transportation.The event venue opens already at 10.30 am. Passersby can look forward to the best jewelry flea market of the summer, as well as dazzling products by the Women's Bank. Children will enjoy an African story hut. The stage features, e.g., a brilliant fashion show with immigrant women, hosted by Leena Harkimo.The popular Tripple Duo group sends the walkers off at noon. The walking routes circle around the Tllahti bay area. After the walk, a delicious lunch will be served at the canteen of the EY House. A part of the lunch profits will be donated to the Women's Bank.Donations made during the event will be directed to initiatives supporting women's entrepreneurship in developing countries. Already a 30  donation allows a woman to find a profession and a source of income.Walk a Profession for a Woman is also part of the Helsinki Design Week programme. It is organised by Women's Bank volunteers of the greater Helsinki region. More information: www.naistenpankki.fi/en
Read more:
OpenHouseHelsinki
Other activity
The Meilahti Tower Hospital of the Helsinki University Central Hospital, part of the Hospital District of Helsinki and Uusimaa HUS, opened a new intensive care and monitoring unit at the beginning of September. The unit markedly increases the intensive care capability of the hospital, which bears special responsibilities in all intensive care in Finland. In relation to population, these responsibilities represent about half of the average in European countries.The new intensive care and monitoring unit, M1, provides care for patients of all areas of specialization. The goal of the increased capacity is to secure immediate access to intensive care. There are growing needs for more capacity, as the numbers of patients in need for intensive care and monitoring are expected to increase rapidly in the coming years as the population ages, the range of conditions requiring intensive care widens and the possibilities for care develop.The new unit has 20 intensive care beds, 13 of which have been in use since the opening. The rest of the beds will be commissioned stepwise by the beginning of the new year. Now that the new unit is open, the second intensive care unit for the Meilahti operating rooms, intensive care and pain treatment will be renovated. When all beds in both units are in use, the intensive care capacity at the Meilahti Tower Hospital doubles.Efficient intensive careIntensive care is an expensive form of care because of the extensive resources required. Nevertheless, the total annual cost of public intensive care in Finland is only about 20 euros per adult citizen. The success of intensive care is monitored with a national system in order to assess the overall quality and impact of care.The length of intensive care varies from a few days to several weeks. The care strongly relies on special equipment. Intensive care unit M1 is always supervised by a doctor specially trained in intensive care, but nearly all patients are cared for by specialists of many different fields.Read more:Hospital District of Helsinki and Uusimaa (HUS)Meilahti Tower Hospital
A new underground substation will be inaugurated in Ilmalantori. The substation will strengthen electricity distribution in the nearby areas and improve the security of electricity supply.The Pasila region is growing rapidly, and construction will continue in the forthcoming years. Further construction and the growing number of residents also require increased substation capacity. In order to save valuable urban space, the new substation has been built into an underground cavern at a depth of 30 metres. Helen Oys district cooling storage facility is also located in the same network of tunnels beneath Pasila.At the Ilmalantori substation, waste heat coming from the main transformers is utilised in the heating of the substation premises. The substation uses earth-fault current compensation equipment, which improves the security of supply in the electricity network and minimises power cuts.Helen Shkverkko has a total of 23 substations throughout Helsinki. The Ilmalantori substation is the fourth one to be built underground. The other underground substations are located in Punavuori, Kamppi and Kluuvi. The Meilahti and Vallila substations also utilise underground facilities. The next new substation will be built in Kalasatama, and its construction work will start in spring 2016.Read more:Helen
Interactive wayfinding service, running on the digital screens of central Helsinki, offers event tips and help for tourists and others in need of guidance. On the 3rd of September, aligned with the opening day of the Helsinki Design Week, the service is updated with new features, allowing people to browse information about the festival's events.Helsinki Design Week is the biggest design festival in Nordics, taking now place between 3rd and 13th of September. For people interested in the event, the outdoor touch screens in Helsinki city center share information about the events nearby, and routes to the location. With the help of Eventmore application, the events and routes can be explored with a smart phone. On the screens, animations allure people to touch and find their pick on Helsinki Design Week.Find your way with touch screensAll the outdoor screens are interactive touch screens that have a map-based wayfinding service. By tapping the map, users can find out more about attractions, events, public transportation and other important services. The map shows routes and walking distance within a five minute radius. The service is available in Finnish, Swedish and English.Making the most of digital screensFor the content, the service utilizes City of Helsinkis open data sources available for anyone. In addition to the wayfinding, the screens offer a chance to test out new interactive services with Helsinki residents. The goal is to get people to participate and take action, via different campaigns for example.Read more:Forum Virium HelsinkiDesign Week Helsinki
Tram routes 1A, 2 and 3 will be diverted 3 -11 September due to track works conducted by HKL at the junction of Tehtaankatu and Laivurinkatu. The works are undertaken in two phases. There will be different diversion routes in the different phases. In the first phase, the trams will be replaced by bus 2X, in the second phase by bus 3X. This affects tram traffic to Olympia terminal.From 3 to 6 September, tram routes 1A, 2 and 3 run along Bulevardi, Fredrikinkatu, Laivurinkatu and Tehtaankatu to the terminus on Pursimiehenkatu, from where they return to their own routes along the same streets.Tram 1A runs from the Senate Square along Aleksanterinkatu, Mannerheimintie, Bulevardi, Fredrikinkatu, Laivurinkatu and Tehtaankatu. Tram 2 runs from Simonkatu along Mannerheimintie, Bulevardi, Fredrikinkatu, Laivurinkatu and Tehtaankatu. Tram 3 runs from Viiskulma along Laivurinkatu and Tehtaankatu.Replacement bus 2X runs from Lasipalatsi via the Market Square to Olympia Terminal, from where it continues along Tehtaankatu to Merikatu. Diversion routes3-6 September and route of bus2XTimetable for bus 2XFrom 7 to 11 September, tram routes 2 and 3 run via Olympia Terminal, Laivasillankatu and Tehtaankatu to the terminus on Pursimiehenkatu, from where they return to their own routes along the same streets.Tram 2 runs from Olympia Terminal along Tehtaankatu to Pursimiehenkatu. Tram 3 runs from the Central Railway Station along Mannerheimintie and Aleksanterinkatu to Market Square and Etelranta, from where it continues along Laivasillankatu to Tehtaankatu.Replacement bus 3X runs from Lasipalatsi along Bulevardi and Fredrikinkatu to Laivurinkatu.Diversion routes 7-11 September and route of bus3XTimetables for bus 3X
Commercial centre said to enhance cityscapeA new commercial centre is being designed for the site of the current supermarket K-citymarket in Itkeskus and buildings next to the supermarket. According to plan, the current buildings will be demolished and the commercial centre will be constructed in phases. The first phase includes a grocery outlet and other sales outlets.According to the Helsinki cityscape advisory board, the commercial centre represents high-quality commercial centre architecture at its best. The board envisions that the new building will enhance the entire Itkeskus area.The faade of the commercial centre links the commercial building to the red-brick colour scheme of the immediate environment. The faade is dominated by an arching trellis built from red-brick coloured ceramic bars and aluminium bars. The unbroken outer walls are clad in a red skin composed of various materials. The ground-level commercial spaces are mainly clad in glass. The straightforward, framed entrances are easy to locate.The first phase of the commercial centre will have commercial space on two levels and parking on another two levels. The first phase will have parking for 1,225 vehicles and 334 bicycles.The first phase is scheduled for completion in 2017. In its entirety, the commercial centre is projected to be completed in 2019.The plans for the second phase include more commercial space and a rooftop garden for the enjoyment of customers.The main architect of the commercial centre is Ilmari Lahdelma of Lahdelma & Mahlamki Architects. Renderings of the design can be seen on the architectural firms website.New residential areas to have four new apartment buildingsBuilding permits have also been granted for 8-storey apartment buildings to be constructed in Jtksaari and on the Kalasatama waterfront. Two 4-storey apartment buildings to be constructed in Tankovainio, eastern Helsinki, have also been granted building permits. The Construction Committee granted building permits for 149 housing units in its latest meeting on 1 September.
The completion of the tram track works in Pasila is running a few weeks late. Trams 7A and 7B will be able to resume their normal route on 14 September.Until then, the trams continue to use the existing diversion routes running to the same timetable as during the summer.Replacement bus 7X continues to operate as long as the diversions remain in place. The timetable of the bus changes on 31 August.The tram routes are diverted because of street and track works conducted in Pasila. The tram tracks are moved on Pasilan silta, Pasilankatu, Palkkatilanportti and Kyllikinportti. Once the works are completed, trams will run on Pasilankatu on a dedicated, elevated lane.Works will continue in the autumn, for example, on Pasilankatu and are scheduled to be completed at the end of October.In the coming years, Pasila will become Helsinkis second center and an even more important transport node. By 2040, Pasila is estimated to be home for some 20,000 people and 50,000 jobs.Changes to the stops of trams 7B and 9 in Pasila on 14 SeptemberTram routes 7B and 9 will swap end stops on Ratapihantie in Pasila from 14 September. I.e. tram 7 will terminate at the former terminus of route 9 and vice versa. The aim is to improve the punctuality of tram 9 during peak hours.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
Students of the Finnish Adult Education Institute carried out a project to paint electricity distribution cabinets in honour of the 100-year anniversary of the Institute.The unique creations are designed according to the location of the distribution cabinets. For example, the cabinet outside Silkkikutomo displays paintings of silk fabrics and ribbons, and the cabinet outside Circus Helsinki in Suvilahti has a circus theme.Helen Shkverkko and the Finnish Adult Education Institute carried out the painting project on electricity distribution cabinets in honour of the 100-year anniversary of the Institute. All nine works of art are located in the vicinity of the various locations of the Finnish Adult Education Institute. The project is co-ordinated by arts teacher Marie-Jos Dings.Helen Shkverkko has implemented several projects of painting electricity distribution cabinets throughout Helsinki. Cabinets have been painted in connection with the Arabia Street Festival for a few years. The Street Gallery produced by the Helsinki Artists Association can be viewed in Museokatu, Fleminginkatu and Eerikinkatu. Consisting of historical photographs, the Picture Paths exhibition, implemented in partnership with the Helsinki City Museum, extends over seven districts of Helsinki. Several projects have also been implemented in collaboration with educational establishments. In these, students have been given the opportunity to landscape electricity cabinets in the vicinity of their school.Read more:Helen
Science breaks loose! Thinkfest, an open urban festival for thought and science, will be held in the centre of Helsinki on 31 August  5 September 2015. Thinkfest celebrates science, thinking and learning. This year's theme is a global Helsinki.Thinkfest asks what a global Helsinki is like and who it belongs to. Who chooses through whose eyes is it viewed? What do global sustainability, economy, environment and identity mean?Read more:Thinkfest
Helsinki day care centres have new menus for their daily meals. The menus have been revised according to requests from children, parents and the day care centre staff, with careful attention to the latest recommended daily intake of nutrients. The revision was carried out jointly by the City of Helsinki Department of Early Education and Care, Education Department and the Palmia catering services.The new menus emphasize high nutritional standards, versatility and the educational role of meals, not forgetting taste. In addition, the appearance and composition of meals have been improved. The new menus seek to meet childrens normal eating habits.All of the approximately 330 municipal day care centres in Helsinki now have similar menus. The menus contain information for special diets.Children, parents and staff involved in menu revisionThe menu revision was carried out on the basis of a thorough, two-year survey of children, parents and day care centre staff. The respondents were questioned about their favourite foods, the appearance and taste of foods, breakfast and snack offerings, meals with special themes and festive menus. An extensive focus group study was carried out last spring: over two weeks, 150 focus groups in 70 day care centres were questioned about the appearance of foods, taste and the sufficiency of food.The majority of respondents were satisfied with day care centre lunches and requested no major changes to lunch menus. The traditional favourites, including meat balls and the meat-and-macaroni casserole, were the most popular foods in terms of their appearance and taste. The respondents especially appreciated the versatility of vegetarian meals. On the basis of the feedback, soy food sauce was removed from the menus, and new dishes were added including a meat-and-roots stew, fish gratinated with cheese and a vegetable-lentil casserole.The most widely requested changes were for breakfasts and snacks. The respondents especially requested more versatility in porridges, fresh foods and breads. Many hoped for more quark (rahka) dairy products, yogurts and traditional Finnish berry and fruit soups. The selections of these foods have been diversified, and flavoured yogurts have been replaced by plain organic yogurt served with berry and fruit sauces.The parents considered theme and festive menus important in familiarizing children with the Finnish culinary culture and traditions. They held culinary themes and the educational role of seasonal festivities in high importance.Read more:Day care centre menusWeekly menus
The City of Helsinki and the John Nurminen Foundation outline ways to achieve marked reductions in nutrient loads to the Baltic Sea.International projects aimed at reducing nutrient loads to the Baltic Sea were presented at a Clean Baltic Sea seminar held in the Harakka Island in Helsinki in late August. The seminar was hosted by the City of Helsinki and the John Nurminen Foundation. Cost-efficient means to reduce loads come from nutrient trading and improvements in international collaboration among water utilities, industrial plants and municipalities.Nutrient trading in the Baltic Sea regionOne new method to reduce nutrient loads to the sea is nutrient trading, modelled after emissions trading. The idea of nutrient trading is that cities, municipalities, private enterprises and citizens can offset their phosphorous loads by financing some project in a Baltic Sea catchment area where nutrients can be removed easily and cost-efficiently. The City of Helsinki has chosen a project to support in Belarus. The City can not lower the phosphorous content of its wastewaters any further by its wastewater treatment, which is highly efficient, but the City can thus offset the remaining phosphorous footprint of its treated wastewaters.It is easy to find ways to reduce nutrient loads to the sea in Finland, too. One of these ways is the use gypsym in agriculture to treat fields.Water utilities collaborateA new project brings water utilities in the Baltic Sea coastal states to exchange information. One of the goals is to find a technique to remove hazardous substances from wastewater increasingly efficiently. The project also looks at ways to improve industrial wastewater treatment and compiles recommendations for improved collaboration between municipalities, the industry and water treatment facilities.Wastewater treatment best practices are coordinated in the BEST (Better Efficiency for Sewage Treatment) project managed by the City of Helsinki and the John Nurminen Foundation. Information is also exchanged through the Baltic Sea Challenge network created and managed by water utility associations and the Cities of Helsinki and Turku.Reduced phosphorous loading with use of local fishThe John Nurminen Foundation has launched a project to turn the common roach, a fish harvested in the Finnish archipelago, into a commercial product in three years. Use of the common roach as a consumer product would help to move considerable amounts of nutrient loads from the sea to land. Municipalities in the Turku region have already agreed to add this local fish to their industrial kitchen menus. Burgers made from local fish could soon be a staple of school lunch menus. Such burgers were served at the Clean Baltic Sea seminar in the Harakka Island.City of Helsinki helping to save the seaOne of the speakers at the Clean Baltic Sea seminar was Helsinki Mayor Jussi Pajunen. According to Mayor Pajunen, municipalities bear great responsibility for the state of their local waters. Helsinki launched the Baltic Sea Challenge project with the City of Turku eight years ago, concerned about the state of the Baltic Sea and its coastal and local waters. The Baltic Sea Challenge has allowed the cities to show how to do more than the law requires and set examples in wastewater treatment, harbour operations, city planning, agriculture and the management of recreational areas.New alliances have accomplished a great deal, for example, a City of Helsinkidonated professorship in the Economics of Baltic Sea Protection at the University of Helsinki, and EU-financed projects between the John Nurminen Foundation and Baltic and Polish partners. The Baltic Sea Challenge network already includes more than 220 organizations, which all implement their own projects to help save the Baltic Sea.Read more:Baltic Sea Challenge
Wheelchair users are in future entitled to travel without a valid ticket on HSL public transport. HSL wants to simplify the ticketing policy for passengers in wheelchair.Until now, wheelchair users have been allowed to travel without a valid ticket only provided they have a Companion Pass. In addition, on Vantaa internal services, wheelchair users have been entitled to travel without a valid ticket.HSL Executive Board decided on the change in June 2015 when discussing discount and free tickets and right to travel without a valid ticket in the new Helsinki region zone model. The new zone model will be introduced at the earliest in 2017. However, the change to the ticketing policy for wheelchair users will take effect immediately because it does not require changes to the Travel Card system.Helsinki Region Transport
The population of Europe is increasingly multicultural, and more and more people moving to Europe are younger than 29. The challenges and possibilities offered by diversity are primarily evident in cities. As a result, local practices should be reconsidered and reworked so that they take into consideration and serve all citizens. In addition, we should look at ourselves in the mirror, assess our attitudes and re-evaluate our professional skills.
All young people have the right to participate in the development of their immediate environments
The development of participation requires joint efforts and sharing experiences. It requires sensibility to recognize cultural and religious factors, as well as honesty and will to make changes to ones own behaviour. Engagement and participation mean taking responsibility, acceptance and commitment to joint goals, and they offer real opportunities to effect change.Why then should the political participation of young people, especially that of migrant youth, be promoted? Researcher Outi Lepola lists three reasons in her final report on an ACCESS peer review: (1) young people are city residents and have the right to participate (2) democracy education begun in early age supports active participation during adult life and (3) young people are the best experts in their lives and, by listening to young people, cities can produce better services.
When working with young people, it should be remembered that the forms of their political and social participation often differ from more traditional forms of participation such as elections. In order to recognize and understand participation on a broad basis, authorities should recognize and pay attention to messages distributed through other channels than the traditional ones. This requires sensitivity, honesty and courage to make changes.ACCESS Self-Assessment Tool used to engage migrant youth
People can be trained to recognize and understand participation, but there is a tool to help. ACCESS is a self-assessment tool for decision-makers and others working with young people. It is an online questionnaire for various organizations and municipalities to assess their practices and strategies to engage migrant youth.
The statements used in the self-assessment tool imply ideals contributing to the participation of migrant youth in society and are summarized under five key factors: participation impact motivation, trust and belonging capability and knowledge and strategy. The statements are based on numerous recommendations and research results made by the organizations participating in the development of the tool. The ACCESS Self-Assessment Tool invites users to consider the strengths and needs of their organizations. It gives users an opportunity to acquaint themselves with the best practices of Helsinki, Prague, Marseilles, Barcelona and Cluj Napoca in engaging migrant youth.
Read more:www.accessyouth.eu
www.iom.fiKati Bhose, project coordinator, Active Citizenship: Enhancing Political Participation of Migrant Youth, ACCESS project, IOM.
The Active Citizenship: Enhancing Political Participation of Migrant Youth (ACCESS) is a European Commission-funded project that aims to help enhance political participation among young people. ACCESS was implemented in 20132015 in the Czech Republic, Finland, France, Romania and Spain. It was coordinated by MOT  International Organization for Migration. The Finnish partners were the City of Helsinki Youth Department, the Ministry of Justice, ETNO and Allianssi. The Finnish peer review was prepared by Outi Lepola.
Helsinkis seaside public sauna under construction in Hernesaari and the Cultural Sauna on the Merihaka waterfront will be joined by another waterfront sauna and bathing facility: the harbour basin on the Katajanokka side of the South Harbour will be home to Helsinki Allas consisting of a floating pool section and a two-storey, wooden recreational building.
The seaside sauna-and-pool project is unique in Helsinki, and the building to be constructed on this very central and prestigious city site is atypical for the environment. The facilities will be temporary the current lease is for eight years.
The building will accommodate a restaurant, a caf, a gallery and seminar space, three saunas, locker rooms and an open rooftop terrace. The space between the building and the pool section will have a grassy area, a sandy beach and an activities area.
The pool section will have three different pools: a seawater pool and two heated freshwater pools. The deck will be built from wood.
Architectural design is by Pekka Pakkanen of Huttunen-Lipasti-Pakkanen Architects.
Wood City will be going up in Jtksaari. This is an experimental project making extensive use of wood in all buildings.
The first section of Wood City, to be built on the Jtksaari waterfront, has now been granted a building permit. This section will consist of an eight-storey wooden office building and a three-storey parking facility. The plans for Wood City include apartment buildings and a hotel.
Wood City is based on a design competition organized by Stora Enso and SRV in 2012. The project develops wooden solutions for high-rise buildings and urban environments meeting high-standard architectural criteria.
The lobby of the Wood City office building will have an enticing wooden interior that hides the building technology. The first floor will be clad in glass, while the other floors will be enveloped in wood elements.
The Helsinki City Planning Committee considers the Wood City office building an exemplary landmark structure.
Architectural design is by Matti Huhtamies of Anttinen Oiva Architects.
Read more:
Wood City
Jtksaari
Helsinki comprehensive schools will be working on new curricula during this autumn, to be adopted stepwise from August 2016 onwards. Many schools will be trying out phenomenon-based learning even earlier, during the school year 2015 2016.
The new school curricula will emphasize broad-based skills rather than learning facts in subject studies, says Marjo Kyllnen, a manager at the City of Helsinki Education Department
Learning will be tied to real-life phenomena, and subject studies will be tied to real-life environments. Evaluations of learning will stress the process of learning rather than end results.
The new school-based curricula will be based on Helsinkis municipal curriculum, which will be produced on the principles of the School of the Future. Students will be encouraged to exchange views and ask questions. All environments will be learning environments, and technology will be part of them.
Programmable legos and cultural courses
Students at Helsinki comprehensive schools will study in no less than two phenomenon-based, extended programmes during a school year. The phenomenon-based programmes will focus on real-life phenomena on a multidisciplinary basis.
Helsinki schools will experiment with and develop new types of learning environments and pedagogy during the school year 20152016. Nearly 20 schools will adopt programmable legos used to support phenomenon-based learning and technology education. This study programme will culminate in a grand Lego Robot Battle in the spring term, in which schools will compete with robots built by themselves.
Phenomena X cultural courses will be implemented in cooperation with the Annantalo Cultural Centre. In these courses, students will focus on phenomena chosen by themselves. By looking at phenomena by means of art, students can work with Helsinki art and cultural institutions, and artists come to schools.
Students and parents join curriculum development
The new Helsinki school curriculum will be based on views of students and parents for the values that the curriculum should promote. Students will join the development of the curriculum through student bodies and the Ruuti democratic participation process. School boards will participate in curriculum workshops in September.
The new curriculum will emphasize cooperation between schools and homes as part of a new community-based culture. Various operation models to this end will be tested. For example, the Tapanila Comprehensive Schools Lower Stage will launch a project for a digital school in the autumn, involving parents in the use of information technology at school.
The cash services at Kallio office building (address Toinen Linja 4 A) are closed on Friday 11 September.At the cash office it possible for example to pay the Helsinki City invoices. From 22th June until 31st August the cash services at Kallio office building are open from 8.30 am to 15.30 pm. From the beginning of September the opening hours are 8.15 am - 16.00 pm.
There is rich biodiversity in Helsinki nature, according to the City Biodiversity Index (CBI). The index is a self-assessment tool for cities to evaluate and monitor the progress of their biodiversity conservation efforts against their own individual baselines.Helsinki earned 58 points out of maximum 96 in the index, owing to the facts that Helsinki retains much of its original nature and has a great deal of recreational land in relation to population.The City Biodiversity Index, or the Singapore Index on Cities Biodiversity (SI), was developed in Singapore. It consists of 23 indicators that measure (1) native biodiversity, (2) ecosystem services provided by biodiversity, and (3) governance and management of biodiversity.Helsinkis score in the native biodiversity category was 17/44. In ecosystem services provided by biodiversity, Helsinki scored 11/16, and in governance and management of biodiversity 30/36.The indicators illustrate the overall state of biodiversity and its trends as monitoring continues.Uneven ecological networkIn addition to retaining much of its original nature and recreational land, Helsinki has good amounts of permeable surfaces, and ecologically harmful alien species are few.However, only a small portion of Helsinkis rich natural areas are protected, and the ecological network of the natural areas is uneven, says Kaarina Heikkonen, an urban ecologist at the City of Helsinki Environment Centre.Strategies and programmesAccording to the City Biodiversity Index, Helsinkis governance and management of biodiversity has been good. Helsinki has strategies and programmes in place, but funding for securing and managing biodiversity is low.There are ample natural and recreational areas in Helsinki, and the school curricula introduce students to biodiversity in local nature. However, comprehensive school students make surprisingly few field trips to nature.The indicators of the index show both successes and areas to develop. Its to be expected that Helsinkis score will rise in the future thanks to nature conservation and management efforts, as well as thanks to increasing knowledge, Heikkinen says.Read more:City Biodiversity Index (CBI)
The new Jtksaari district under construction in Helsinki will be served by one comprehensive school and six daycare centres. Two of the daycare centres are already in operation, and the rest of the centres and the school will be built over the next few years. The school will be bilingual in Finnish and Swedish, and five of the daycare centres will operate in Finnish and one in Swedish.The operating daycare centres are Saukko and Jaala. Daycare centres Selkmeri, Loisto and Jtksaaris Childrens House (working title) will be a complex sharing premises with grades 1 and 2 of the Jtksaari comprehensive school. The Swedish-language daycare centre Prlan will form a part of the Kvartered Victoria city block.Daycare and elementary education combinedJtksaaris Childrens House will serve children ages 08, providing daycare and preschool education as well as incorporating the first two grades of the Jtksaari comprehensive school. The complex is scheduled to go into operation in August 2017.The daycare centre and school building will be located 25 metres from Jtksaaris central park and 200 metres from the sports park. The school will accommodate about 200 first- and second-graders. The grades will first operate as part of the Ruoholahti comprehensive school and will join the Jtksaari comprehensive school to be completed later. The daycare centre is designed for 130 children.Bilingual comprehensive schoolA design competition is currently underway for the Jtksaari comprehensive school building. The building will be designed for 800 students, about 80 percent of them Finnish-language and 20 percent Swedish-language students. Teaching will mostly be in either of the two languages, but some of the teaching will be bilingual for children either from bilingual homes or who are otherwise competent in both languages.Read more:Jtksaari
The Finnishcourses.fi service contains information on many Finnish language couses starting in autumn. Precise information on when the courses begin, what type of courses are available and when to register is available through the course search.The Finnishcourses.fi service contains information on Finnish language courses open to all and organised in the Helsinki, Tampere and Turku region. The service also gives information on Swedish language courses organised in the Helsinki region.
What actor or act has in your opinion best promoted open government and participation?The best such actors or acts are recognized with the democracy prize. This recognition is conferred to one municipal and one State-level administrative actor or organization. Proposals for prize winners can be submitted to the Ministry of Finance to 12 noon on 31 August 2015.The democracy prize, now in its second year, is awarded by the Association of Finnish Local and Regional Authorities, the Ministry of Finance and the Ministry of Justice. Their objective with the prize is to draw attention to openness in public administration. They also wish to encourage public administration to better recognize citizen needs for participation.
The role of government in enabling improvementThe special theme of this years democracy prize is the role of government in enabling improvement.The democracy prize is awarded to an actor or organization that has promoted one of the following activities in their work:Proposals for winners can be made by residents of the municipality in question, citizens, organizations and corporations, as well as by any individuals and organizations collaborating with public administration.The prize winners are selected from among the proposals by a jury specifically appointed to the task. The winners are announced at the House of Municipalities on the national Democracy Day, 13 October 2015. Proposals for winners should be submitted to the Ministry of Finance by 12 noon, 31 August, either by e-mail at avoinhallinto@vm.fi or by mail at:Ministry of Finance HO/Avoin hallinto (open government)
P.O. Box 28
00023 Ministry of Finance
FinlandRead more
Open government
Democracy and Transparency
Helsinki region public transport services will switch to winter timetables on 10 August. Some major changes to services will take effect on the same day. The biggest changes will take place in Vantaa, where a new bus network will be launched. In addition, a new trunk bus route 560 (Vuosaari-Myyrmki) will start running. There are changes to bus routes also in other parts of the HSL area.Trunk route 560, which will start operating on 10 August, will improve transverse transport links in the region at the same time strengthening HSL's trunk bus network. The route will run from Rastila via Vuosaari, Mellunmki, Kontula and Malmi to Myyrmki. The bus will travel through an over one kilometer long public transport tunnel between Palohein and Kuninkaantammi.Tram routes 8 and 9 will resume their normal routes. Tram routes 7A and 7B will not resume their normal routes and switch to winter timetables until 31 August when the street works on Pasilankatu and Pasilansilta allow. Until then, tram services on Pasilansilta and to Lnsi-Pasila are replaced by bus 7X, which runs between Pasila station and Lasipalatsi.Changes to Metro services from 10 AugustThe Metro will resume its frequent peak time service running every four minutes (eight minutes between ItkeskusMellunmki and ItkeskusVuosaari). During the summer, the Metro has been running every five minutes (every ten minutes between ItkeskusMellunmki and ItkeskusVuosaari) because of the renovation of Myllypuron station.Read more:
Changes to bus services on10 August
HSL
School starts next week, so children will again be moving regularly in traffic.Everybody should be reminded of the meaning of crosswalks in order that children can cross streets and roads safely and with confidence. As school starts, Helsinki parking inspectors and the police will enhance the enforcement of crosswalk regulations.The traffic safety of children requires the attention of everybody. Children should be paid special attention in traffic from the first school day onwards. Drivers must maintain speeds at or below limits, keep their attention on the traffic alone, and keep their mobile phones away from all driving situations.It is also important not to park too close to crosswalks, as this makes pedestrians crossing roadways less visible to other drivers. According to the law, the distance between the front of the car and a pedestrian crossing must be no less than five metres.Children learn best by moving in traffic with adults
The Helsinki City Rescue Department recommends that parents practice moving between the home and the school not only with first-graders but with older children, too. The parents should also make sure that bicycles and other equipment used to move in traffic are in good order. Children should use reflectors, safety vests and helmets.When children move in traffic with their parents, their traffic skills improve gradually. Therefore adults should set an example in moving by foot, bicycle and car as well as in public transport. Children also learn from adults how to use mobile phones in traffic.
Without guidance from their parents, small children do not understand that they should not take calls from their mothers and fathers, or text messages, while moving in traffic. Parents should explain to their children that they must not text, play games or use their mobile phones in any other way when in traffic. If they must answer their phones, they must stop to take the call. The power of example is tremendous children learn from adults.
 Vinkkej vanhemmalle mallikyttytymiseen liikennetilanteissa /Liikenneturva (in Finnish)
The Meilahti hospital area is undergoing a major transformation, with new construction, renovations and expansions. The area is home to a number of units of the Hospital District of Helsinki and Uusimaa (HUS), the main campus of the Helsinki University Central Hospital and the Helsinki City hospital Haartman.A renovation and expansion of the wing of the Womens Hospital is scheduled for completion in October, while the 80-year-old Womens Hospital will be undergoing renovations to the late 2020s. According to plan, womens emergency and surgical care will be focused in the Womens Hospital as of the beginning of 2017.The New Childrens Hospital will be completed in late 2017.After the completion of the New Childrens Hospital, the Meilahti campus will see the construction of a trauma and cancer centre. The Tl Hospital will be closed after the completion of the centre in the early 2020s. A design competition is currently underway for the centre.The renovation of the Meilahti Tower Hospital is now complete and the hospital is partially in use. Units will be returning to the Tower Hospital through the rest of the year.The HUS strategy includes a number of large-scale construction projects. According to the strategy, the facilities providing 24-hour emergency care will be reduced.Read more:
Meilahti hospital area
Helsinki has raised the Helsinki supplement for private full-time daycare of children under age 3 by 100 euros, effective as of 1 August 2015.When they choose to place a child in private daycare, a family is eligible for the Private Daycare Allowance from Kela (Social Insurance Institution of Finland). The Private Daycare Allowance consists of a basic care allowance, an income-dependent care supplement and a municipal supplement, which in Helsinki is called the Helsinki supplement. The Helsinki supplement is paid when the daycare is full time, meaning over 25 hours per week. Applications for the Private Daycare Allowance package are made to Kela.The raised Helsinki supplement improves the opportunities of families to choose private daycare instead of municipal daycare in Helsinki.Read more:
Private daycarePrivate Daycare Allowance
Hmeentie will be closed to traffic between HaapaniemenkatuandPskylnkatu on Saturday 1 August due toKallio Block Party.Bus and tram routes operating in the area will be diverted.Buses will run viaSrnisten rantatieusing the following route: Hmeentie - Haapaniemenkatu - Srnisten rantatie - Lautatarhankatu/Pskylnkatu - Hmeentie/Mkelnkatu.Thereare temporary bus stops along the diversion route on Haapaniemenkatu (from the direction of the city center)and on Pskylnkatu(inthe direction of the citycenter).Bus routes will be diverted from 8am to midnight.Tram routes6, 6T, 7Aand 7B will run along Siltasaarenkatu, Porthaninkatu, Viides linja, Kaarlenkatu, Helsinginkatu, Lntinen Brahenkatu, Sturenkatu and Mkelnkatu (7A/B) / Hmeentie (6/T).The trams will be diverted througthout their operating hours and they will serve all stops along thediversion route. In Hakaniemi, the trams will serve the same stops as tram routes1, 3and 9. The tram stops on the Hakaniemi market square side of the streetare out of use.
PDF mapRead more: HSL
From the beginning of August, the Sortti waste stations of the Helsinki Region Environmental Services (HSY) will charge customers only by waste volumes and not by the method of waste delivery. Sortti Stations accept many types of waste free of charge. It is important to sort waste, as it is only by sorting that materials can be recycled and reused.As of 1 August, the price of a waste delivery is determined by the estimated volume of the waste load. Sortti Stations estimate the number of cubic metres of waste, or count the number of waste sacks.
Wastes liable to charge are sorted into small-sized and large-sized mixed waste, gypsum waste, non-combustible waste, wood waste, concrete and stone materials, garden waste and brushwood.Wastes accepted free of charge include many types of household wastesuch as electrical and electronic appliances, domestic hazardous waste, metal, carton and cardboard, paper, glass packages (bottles and jars) and one cubic metre of pressure impregnated wood.Recyclable wastes liable to charge accepted for less than half the price compared to mixed wasteSortti Stations receive recyclable, sorted waste, such as wood and garden waste, for less than half the price compared to mixed waste.Wastes liable to charge are categorized into four price groups:The price of garden waste and brushwood is 5 per load irrespective of the volume. Wood waste costs 9 per cubic metre. Mixed waste and gypsum waste cost 20 per cubic metre, and landfill waste 50 per cubic metre.Waste can be delivered to Sortti Stations by car, trailer, van or other light-weight transport equipment but not by truck.Read more:Sortti Stations and new prices
Franznia is an old historical building, which offers an exceptional environment for day care activities.The Franznia building, designed by architect Vin Vhkallio, was completed in 1930. The building was used for academic purposes until 2009, from the 1960s onwards by the University of Helsinki. The building and its site are owned by the university, which leases the property to the City of Helsinki.The new day care centre to be located in Franznia has been designed with special attention to diverse uses of space, as well as to logistics, acoustics and special needs. A building renovation has converted the academic milieu into premises well suited for the needs of early education and care. The goal of the renovation was to render this three-storey building for both daytime and evening activities.The first floor is occupied by day care spaces, a kitchen, clothing care facilities and social spaces. The second floor is occupied by the festivities and sports hall, a multiple-use space, and personnel work and offices spaces. The third floor is occupied by team work spaces and a smaller sports facility. The front of the building can be well accessed by cars and other modes of transport for children.New learning environments for early education and careDay Care Centre Franznia will be the hub for the Playful Learning Center run by the University of Helsinkis Department of Teacher Education and for the City of Helsinki Department of Early Education and Care in its efforts to develop learning environments as part of a national network.The networks multidisciplinary expert teams develop new and innovative learning environments in cooperation with children and parents, students of Teacher Education are actively engaged in the work, and the City of Helsinki staff develop their skills. The activities also support teacher education.The learning environments developed at Franznia will serve as pilot environments. Learning environments refer to the physical, psychological, social and emotional environments of early education and care, which are developed towards national goals. The work will involve workshops. The Playful Learning Center will complement Franznias activities.Read more:University of Helsinki Playful Learning Center
A number of questions have been raised regarding public transport ticket sales at Helsinki Airport train station since the station was opened on 10 July. The station is not yet fully finished and the entrance to the terminals will open late October/early November. Special arrangements are in place for ticket sales.At the moment, there is no HSL ticket machine at the Helsinki Airport train station. Instead, there are to VR ticket machines selling also Helsinki region single tickets. The closest HSL ticket machines are available at the bus stops in front of Terminal 1 and Terminal 2, where the shuttle buses for the train station entrance depart.Buying a single ticket in advanceYou can purchase an HSL single ticket at the Helsinki Airport train station from the VR ticket machines located at the further end of the platform area, where the terminal entrance will open later. The machines are located at the other end of the platform area from the Tietotie entrance.If you are traveling to Helsinki, buy a regional ticket (5 euros). The ticket is valid on all HSL public transport in Helsinki, Vantaa, Espoo and Kauniainen for 90 minutes from the moment of purchase.
Buying a ticket on the trainYou can purchase an HSL single ticket onboard from the conductor in a ticketing compartment. In single carriage trains, the ticketing compartment is located in the middle of the train. In two-carriage trains, the ticketing compartment is located in the middle of the rearmost carriage.Traveling with an HSL Travel CardYou can also travel with an HSL Travel Card value or season ticket. You can load your Travel Card at an R-kioski or an Alepa at the airport or at the ticket machines at the bus stops in front of Terminal 1 and Terminal 2.Buying a day ticketYou can also purchase an HSL day ticket in advance at the R-kioksi at the airport for 1-7 days. A regional day ticket costs 12 euros/day and it entitles you to unlimited travel in Helsinki, Vantaa, Espoo and Kauniainen. A Vantaa internal day ticket costs 8 euros/day and it entitles you to unlimited travel within Vantaa.
Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
Did you know that cat owners are forbidden to allow their cats to roam free in urban areas? Free-roaming cats are in danger, and they are deadly to birds.Cats should be kept on a leash or in a secure enclosure if taken outside in urban areas. According to the Animal Welfare Act, cat owners are responsible for the safety of their pets. A cat roaming free where it can meet traffic is not safe, says Elli Valtonen, a veterinarian at the City of Helsinki Environment Centre.Another reason to contain cats is to keep them from fouling public spaces such as childrens playgrounds. Third, cats are an alien species in Finnish nature, and they widely destroy bird nests and kill young birds.Information for pet owners
A number of studies show that pets promote the wellbeing and happiness of their owners. To help pet owners manage their pets properly, the Environment Centre provides information such as the above, especially for the owners of cats and dogs.
For example, the Environment Centre launched a new guidebook for pet owners at a pop-up cat caf last May, organized by the University of Helsinki animal hospital with a number of partners including the Environment Centre.
Read more:
Pets in Helsinki
Tram route 9 will be diverted from 27 July to 9 August due to street works on Helsinginkatu. The tram will run along Kaarlenkatu, Helsinginkatu, L. Brahenkatu, Sturenkatu and Aleksis Kivenkatu.Because of the works, the diversion route of tram 8 will remain in place until 9 August.Helsinki Region Transport
The Port of Helsinkis West Terminal prepares to meet growing passenger volumes and material flows transported on ferries with a new passenger terminal, scheduled for completion in 2017.
The construction plans for the new passenger terminal have been refined over a time, and the terminal location was changed to the harbours extension area last autumn in order that the terminal can better serve the fast-paced traffic to and from Tallinn. The harbours objective is to transfer all harbour traffic to the extension area in the spring of 2016, when the current passenger car control stations are relocated to the area.
The first new vessel at the rebuilt harbour will be Tallinks fast passenger ship commissioned from Meyers shipyard in Turku and completed in 2017. As part of the development of Jtksaari  the larger area that includes West Harbour  the cruise ships currently mooring at the harbours Melkinlaituri quay will be relocated to Hernesaari.
The changes in the West Harbour area are already evident to both local residents and passengers. The construction of the Clarion Hotel launched in March has caused changes on the street of Tyynenmerenkatu, and traffic is rerouted via Lnsisatamankatu and Vlimerenkatu to the Crusellinsilta bridge and further to Ruoholahti.
An urban residential area is under construction next to the harbour in Jtksaari. The residents will enjoy versatile services including many public transport alternatives and a network of pedestrian and cycling routes. Residential buildings will go up parallel to the renewal of the West Harbour. Residential construction has been started and will start on close to 20 sites during 2015. By 2030, Jtksaari will be home to 18,000 residents.
Read more:
West Harbour under reconstruction
Jtksaari
Uneton48 Goes Long is a participatory film project, which produces a full-length feature film in 48 days. Citizens of Helsinki can apply to join the project as actors by uploading a demo video no longer than 15 seconds in length on social media at #opencastinghelsinki and #uneton48 and by fulfilling an application form at www.48dayfilm.com.
The theme of the film is Love Song for Helsinki. The audience are asked to share their views with the film makers, telling them where the beauty and spirit of Helsinki are concentrated, and the film makers will build the script based on the comments. The audience will also determine what elements must be included in the film. Besides applying to become actors, citizens can also compose music for the film and edit the trailer.An open film school will be organized during the production project. The audience will also have the opportunity to watch the filming. All film material will be made available for free use by everybody.
Production and filming to kick off this summerPre-production kicks off in July 2015 and production begins on 8 August 2015. The finished film will premiere 48 days later at the Love & Anarchy Helsinki International Film Festival and on Elisa Viihde. In the end, the Uneton48 project will donate the film to be shown at pop-up screenings, so everybody can organize their own premiere night.Whats your dearest aspect of Helsinki?
The film project utilizing the open city space, perhaps extending to private property, is a peak at our joint home city.The project will find out what places and phenomena in Helsinki are dear to citizens, worthy of a film.
The film project can help to increase the community spirit in Helsinki by supporting communities and people unknown to each other to gather together in making the film and in screenings.
The City of Helsinki has joined the planning of this participatory film project. The materials of Love Song for Helsinki will be utilized in the ongoing Helsinki branding project and in the drafting of a new marketing strategy for Helsinki.Join us!Read more:
Uneton Goes Long 48-day film project
Science breaks loose! Thinkfest, an open urban festival for thought and science, will be held in the centre of Helsinki on 31 August  5 September 2015. Thinkfest celebrates science, thinking and learning. This year's theme is a global Helsinki.Thinkfest asks what a global Helsinki is like and who it belongs to. Who chooses through whose eyes is it viewed? What do global sustainability, economy, environment and identity mean?You can already register for some Thinkfest events, but you can start registering for most events during the first week of August. Thinkfest is one of the main events of the 375th anniversary of the University of Helsinki, and it is being organised together with Helsingin Sanomat.
Global Helsinki will be the science theme in various media servicesInternationalisation and urbanisation challenge nature and humankind. Encounters between different cultures and people are part of everyday life, also in Helsinki. The University of Helsinkis science theme this autumn will see researchers riding the metro around a global Helsinki, opening routes that help understand the multi-voiced city.The theme explores who Helsinki belongs to and through whose eyes we see it. Is Helsinki as much a beggars as an MPs city? How is globalisation changing Helsinki? Who do we support and who support us? What will life in Helsinki be like in 2050? Will the future Helsinki be a ghetto or an idyll?Global Helsinki and its researchers will be part of the crowd. Hop on and learn more! #globalhelsinki #thinkfesthelsinki
More information:THINKFEST 31.8.-5.9.2015
How would you like to invite your friends to a rose-scented picnic on la vie en rose? One hundred different species of shrub roses, all marked with nameplates, bloom in the rose garden  Rosarium  of the Meilahti parks Arboretum over the summer.The roses bloom later than normal this year. In bloom in early July have been Rosa pimpinellifolia, Rosa rugosa and traditional Finnish roses. Many other rose species should peak in mid-July. The rose garden is expected to bloom throughout July.The Meilahti parks Arboretum was founded in 1967. Including the shrub roses, the park is home to about 250 species of trees and shrubs. The plants are all identified, and the park is provided with an information board that guides visitors around the park. The Arboretum is located in Meilahti in the valley between the streets of Paciuksenkatu and Meilahdentie. The park is managed by the City of Helsinki. The Rosarium is also tended by a team of park friends representing the Finnish Rose Society.Read more:Meilahti Arboretum
This summer visitors to the housing fair held in Kivist, Vantaa have a unique opportunity to try a future mode of public transport. Visitors can travel from Kivist train station to the fair by driverless smart buses from Friday 10 July.The free CityMobil2 buses run from Kivist train station to the housing fair area 10 July  9 August between 10am and 6pm. The buses have a passenger capacity of ten passengers, with seats for six and standing room for four.In addition to the driverless buses, the fair area can be accessed by foot or using normal feeder bus services.The distance to the fair area from the station is about one kilometer and the buses run along a separate fenced pedestrian and bicycle route. Their operation is based on GPS positioning, programmed route and obstacle-avoidance technology.This is future technology that is not yet ready for wider use in our conditions. But in the future, this technology will enable more extensive and flexible public transport, says HSL Contract Manager Kimmo Sinisalo.Driverless buses are part of a EU-wide CityMobil2 project which studies the use of automated transport systems. Previously, driverless vehicles have been tested, for example, in Oristano in Italy, Lausanne in Switzerland and La Rochelle in France. In these cities, the route of the buses has not been completely closed to other traffic. In total, nine cities from seven countries participate in the project.The aim of the project is not only to test the existing technology but also collect feedback from passengers. In addition, the project aims to dispel any doubts people may have about automated transport systems.
More information:Helsinki Region Transport
Helsinki will be in the limelight of international gymnastics during 1218 July, 2015, when the city hosts the 15th World Gymnaestrada. This international, non-competitive gymnastics event will gather together 21,000 gymnasts from more than 50 countries worldwide. The World Gymnaestrada 2015 is the largest event ever held in Finland judged by the number of international participants.The World Gymnaestrada is a Gymnastics for All event of the International Gymnastics Federation (FIG) held every four years.The international gymnastics week in Helsinki will see a large number of field, indoor and gala performances. Tickets are sold to all performances. The event venues include the Helsinki Olympic Stadium, which will host the opening and closing ceremonies as well as a Midnight Sun Special evening performance. The Helsinki Ice Hall will host evening performances presented by national teams and the FIG Gala.Finnish teams will perform at the Helsinki Expo and Convention Centre, which will also serve as the event centre. Other venues include the Sonera Stadium, the Tl Sports Hall and open-air stages in the city centre.Public transport servicesThere will be extra bus service following the evening performances, and the metro will operate an hour longer than normal.Buses 58X and 69 will operate from the Helsinki Ice Hall after the evening performances on 13, 14, 16, and 17 July. A number of bus lines will offer extra service after the Olympic Stadium field gala on 15 July.The last metro trains will departTemporary traffic arrangements from 7 July onwardsMotor vehicle traffic is restricted in the vicinity of the Olympic Stadium  on Stadioninpolku, Paavo Nurmen tie, Pohjoinen Stadionintie, the Mntymki field, the Paavo Nurmi field and at the marathon gate  and on Hallituskatu in the city centre. Parking is restricted in the vicinity of the Olympic Stadium during 722 July. The restrictions are announced with signs posted at the locations.The temporary traffic and parking arrangements do not affect pedestrians or cyclists.Read more:World Gymnaestrada 2015Public transport information
The Helsinki Airport train station opens to passenger traffic on Friday 10July. The station is served by Ring Rail Line trains I and P. At first, access to the terminal is through the Tietotie entrance. The airport terminals can be reached either by a free bus service or by foot.
The western Tietotie entrance to the Helsinki Airport train station has been completed and the station opens to traffic on Friday morning 10 July. The other, direct entrance from the train station to the terminal will open later in the autumn.
Until the opening of the terminal entrance, a free bus service is provided between the Tietotie entrance and the airport terminals.The buses run every 5-10 minutes during the train operating hours and the journey time is 5-10 minutes.
The terminals can also be reached by foot the route is signposted. The walk from the Tietotie entrance to Terminal 1 is about 350 meters and to Terminal 2 about 700 meters.
Service on bus route 615 running between Helsinki city center and the airport is reduced from 10 July 2015. HSL recommends passengers to use train for journeys between the city center and the airport. Trains are faster than bus 615 and they also run more frequently. The fare is the same.Map and bus timetables from 10 JulyReplacement bus service to the airport until 9 JulyThe Ring Rail Line trains run past the Helsinki Airport train station until 9 July. There is a bus service from Aviapolis station to the airport. The Helsinki Airport train station opens on Friday morning 10 July. Until the opening of the train station at the airport, there is a free shuttle bus running between the Aviapolis station and the airport terminals. The journey time to the airport is about five minutes and the buses run approximately every five minutes during train operating hours.Bus services such as regional route 615 and Vantaa internal route 61 run to the airport as usual.The Ring Rail Line opened as scheduled on 1 July.There are significant changes to commuter train services in the Helsinki region when the Ring Rail Line opens on 1 July. The timetables of all commuter trains change with the exception of H, R, Z and Y trains and M trains no longer operate. New stations open between Vantaankoski and Hiekkaharju.Read more:
Map and bus timetables from10 July
Helsinki Region Transport
hsl.fi/en/ringrailline
Ring Rail Line opening day festivities on Wednesday 1 July
Ring Rail Line opens to traffic on 1 July  travel to the airport via the Aviapolis station
Changes to commuter train timetables as the Ring Rail Line opens on 1 July
The population of Helsinki was 620,715 at the turn of the year 2015, up by 8,051 since a year before, which shows slower growth than in two previous years. The difference between births and deaths grew the population by 1,858, which is markedly higher than in recent years. Helsinki also gained population from areas of Finland outside the Helsinki region and from abroad. Helsinkis population growth represented 87 percent of the entire Finnish population growth, and the Finnish population growth was more heavily focused in the Helsinki region than in 2013.The share of 15- to 29-year-olds was pronounced in Helsinki in comparison with the rest of the metropolitan area and the rest of Finland. Especially the shares of residents aged 65 and older and under school age grew in 2014. The number of children has increased owing to lower migration losses than before and an immigration gain from abroad. The aging of the population explains the growth among the age group 65 and older.The population grew in all major districts except for stersundom, but mainly in the Central and Southern districts. In January-May 2015, the Helsinki population grew by 3,000, down by 600 from the same period last year.Migration gain from outside the region grew, migration loss to neighbouring municipalities also grewMigration losses to other Helsinki Metropolitan Area municipalities, typical of Helsinki, started to decline in 2008 but resumed growth last year, which saw a loss of 866 residents. However, Helsinki gained the highest number of residents from the rest of Finland since 2001, that is, 4,511.Helsinkis immigration gain from abroad was at the previous years level, totalling 2,783. However, the migration gain was 600 fewer than the average for 20072012.The number of births in 2014 was 6,907, which is slightly more than in the past two years. The number of deaths was 5,049, that is, 75 more than in 2013. The number of births per woman was 1.3, which was 23 percent lower than the average for Finland.The life expectancy of a newborn Helsinki male was 77.8 years and a newborn female 83.5 years. Life expectancy has continued its steady growth. Life expectancy has been lower in Helsinki than the average for Finland, but the difference has narrowed, being 0.3 years for men and 0.4 years for women last year.More married couples, fewer church membersThe number of marriages was higher in 2014 than a year before, but the percentage of married couples of all families declined somewhat. The percentage of married couples of all couples without dependents grew somewhat and was 41. Of all babies born during the year, 41 percent were born out of wedlock.The percentage of Helsinki residents registered as members of some religious denomination continued to decline and was 61 percent at the turn of the year. Especially the number of registered Evangelical Lutherans declined. Less than half of 20- to 39-year-old men were registered members of some religious denomination.The number of foreign-born residents on the riseThe percentage of Helsinki residents speaking some other language than Finnish, Swedish or Sami as their first language rose to 13.5 percent. The largest language groups were Russian (16,592), Estonian (11,665) and Somali (7,961) speakers, who represented 43 percent of all foreign-born residents. The number of Russian speakers grew the most, by 568, but the number of Estonian speakers grew nearly as much. Foreign nationals represented 8.9 percent of all Helsinki residents.The Helsinki region comprises the municipalities of Espoo, Helsinki, Hyvink, Jrvenp, Kauniainen, Kerava, Kirkkonummi, Mntsl, Nurmijrvi, Pornainen, Sipoo, Tuusula, Vantaa and Vihti.
The current plans for a campus to be built for the Diaconia University of Applied Sciences in the Hermanni area in Kalasatama include a site reserved for a new type of student housing including short-term housing.The Diaconia University of Applied Sciences will open doors in Kalasatama in January 2016. The Hermanni campus will provide a contemporary learning environment for students in the fields of social services, health care, interpreting and church. Also accommodating the Arcada University of Applied Sciences and the vocational education institution Prakticum, the campus will be a significant and international educational complex.The City of Helsinki Real Estate Committee has decided that the site on Kylsaarenkatu will be reserved for Diaconia student housing. There is also need for student housing in the immediate vicinity of the campus suitable for international exchange students.Diaconias exchange students stay in Finland for an average of three months. Their short stay makes it challenging to find housing for them, so new student housing would benefit our exchange students greatly, says Diaconia Rector Jorma Niemel.The construction requirement of the project is about 4,900 square metres of floor space, about 3,000 square metres of which would be reserved for short-term housing. At times when there are no students, the facility could serve as a hotel.New type of service conceptThe services for the hotel operation such as cleaning would be handled by disabled persons.This is a German operating model, which has proved to be functional, although it is still in the design stage, Niemel comments. As a developer of the sector for the disabled, we want to participate in activities that create jobs for the disabled, and the workers would be trained by Helsinki Diakonia College.Construction is scheduled to start in early 2017 at the latest. The project will require an alteration to the local detailed plan, which is estimated to reach the City Council in the spring of 2016.
The new edition of Helsinki News focuses on Helsinkis epic transformation, presenting new urban districts developed in the inner city. The edition also presents two major public buildings about to go under construction in the city centre: the Helsinki Central Library and New Amos Anderson Museum.Kalasatama will see dense housing built around a high-rise core named REDI. REDI will be a high-rise landmark, comprising eight towers. Now under construction, REDI is scheduled for completion in 2023.More high-rise development will take place in Central Pasila, envisioned to become a highly significant new urban centre. An international Helsinki High-Rise design-built competition will get underway in autumn 2015 for Central Pasilas Tower area, while development has started around the current Pasila railway station.Construction is in full swing in Jtksaari, a former harbour projected to become home to 18,000 people by the end of the 2020s.The Helsinki Central Library will open in 2018 to celebrate 100 years of Finnish independence. This major public library will be a library of the future. The designers of the building, ALA Architects of Helsinki, describe the concept: The design grows from the dynamic between the site and the goals of the library programme.The New Amos Anderson Museum will comprise the 1930s Lasipalatsi building and a new, underground section at the Lasipalatsi square. Lead designer Asko Jaaksi of JKMM Architects of Helsinki says, The museum will bring contemporary architecture to the modernist Lasipalatsi. The museum will be completed at the beginning of 2018.Helsinki News is an international bulletin published by the City of Helsinki.Read more:Helsinki News 2-2015
Children at public playgrounds will have the opportunity to produce art with professional artists this summer. In August, as public day care returns to the normal schedule, the artists move to day care centres to work with the staff and children in their everyday routines.Artists at playgrounds and day care centres is a pilot project carried out jointly by the City of Helsinki Department of Early Education and Care and Cultural Office, aiming at a more art-filled city for children. The project seeks to make art more visible in childrens everyday lives.The focus is on childrens own creations, says cultural planner Reetta Sariola of the Cultural Office. We have taken art performances to day care centres before, but were now looking for something new in this pilot project, allowing children to participate in producing art.The art projects are carried out jointly by artists, children and staff. The goal is to strengthen the opportunities of children in Helsinki to be active creators of art and to increase the knowledge of early education and care personnel of culture and art as part of their profession. Another goal is to provide more versatile employment opportunities for artists. The fields of art represented in the project comprise visual arts, puppet theatre, poetry and prose, comics and theatre.The pilot project starts from the Malminkartano, Maunula, Jakomki, Kivikko and Meri-Rastila districts. The participating public playgrounds are Haruspuisto, Maunula, Jakomki, Piika and Kiikku.
Plans for the Kivikko district in Helsinki include an indoor shooting range and an indoor dog agility training arena. The shooting range would be located north of the future Kivikko industrial area at the Lahti and Porvoo motorway entrance. The dog training facility would be located next to the Kivikko sports parks indoor skiing centre.The indoor shooting range would serve about 50 shooting sports. The range would accommodate 130 shooters at the same time. The project is implemented by the shooting sports centre Ampumaurheilukeskus Napakymppi Oy.The dog agility training arena would allow international agility tournaments and their qualifying rounds to be organized in Helsinki. The arena would also be used to organize dog shows, sports training sessions and other events. The arena is implemented by the eastern Helsinki agility association It-Helsingin Agilityharrastajat ry.The construction of the sports facilities would require a revision of the local detailed city plan. The plan revision materials are on display to 3 July at the Kontula public library and on the City of Helsinki website at www.hel.fi/suunnitelmat. The goal is to present the proposed revision to the City Planning Committee in the autumn. The final decision on the revision will be made by the City Council.
Every year Helsinki celebrates Helsinki Pride during the week following the Midsummer weekend. Helsinki Pride is an annual theme week of gender and sexual minorities. Helsinki Pride 2015 is organized from Monday through Sunday, 2228 June.The Pride week features lectures on current topics, discussions, picnics, workshops, culture and parties. The Pride week culminates in the Pride parade on Saturday, 27 June. The parade starts from the Senaatintori square at 13 (1 p.m.).The Pride week is also seen at the Annantalo Cultural Centre. The Annantalo courtyard hosts do-it-yourself Kesparkki (summer park) workshops for young people. Here Pride participants and fans can make for themselves Pride-spirited textile bags and put the final touches to their Pride parade outfits. The Annantalo workshops are open from 1620 (48 p.m.) through Thursday, 25 June.The Annantalo event ground for young people is open on every weekday through June. It gathers together young people around a versatile programme, including basketball, floorball, volleyball, ping pong, street dancing and leisurely hanging around. DJs entertain the audience in the evenings. On Thursday, 25 June, the stage is reserved for young peoples own bands and performances. Friday, 26 June, is dedicated to workshops. The Annantalo events are open to all young people, and all programmes are free of charge.Read more:Helsinki Pride
Health stations are closed on Midsummer (19 - 21 June) and open on Thursday 18 June 8 - 16. On Midsummer Day Saturday 20 June, buses, the Metro and trams will operate a Sunday service from about 11am. Trams 4T and 9 to the ferry terminals will start running earlier in the morning.
24 h Telephone Health Services phonenumber is 09 310 10023.
Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call.In life-threatening emergencies  call 112
In the event of a severe and life-threatening illness or accident situation at any time of the day, call 112 for help.Health Stations
Health stations are closed on Midsummer (19 - 21 June) and open on Thursday 18 June 8 - 16.
Any other day health stations are open Mon - Fri 8 - 16.Emergency services
When local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services.Adults (over 16 years of age)Haartman Hospital and Emergency Room, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12, tel. 09 310 63231 and Malmi Hospital and Emergency Room, Talvelantie 6J, tel. 09 310 67204.ChildrenChildren's Hospital Emergency Clinic, Stenbckinkatu 11, tel. 09 87 10023.When local health stations are closed, residents of Helsinki with serious illnesses and in urgent need for care can also go to the Jorvi Hospital emergency room in Espoo, Turuntie 150, tel. 09 4711. Residents of Helsinki can also go the the Peijas Hospital emergency room in Vantaa, Sairaalakatu 1, Vantaa, tel. 09 471 67060.Emergency Dental CareEmergency dental care is provided on Midsummer (19 - 21 June) at Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked 8 - 21 at 09 310 49999. Night emergency duty is at Tl hospital emergency department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 09 471 87708.Please always make an appointment by phone before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care.Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support 24/7Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support serve 24/7 also during Midsummer. Emergency Social Services tel. 020 696 006 and Crisis emergency support tel. 09 310 44222.Transport services over the Midsummer weekendOn Midsummer Eve Friday 19 June, a Saturday service will operate. U line buses will operate a Saturday service until 1pm, after which only some of the U line buses will run.On Midsummer Day Saturday 20 June, buses, the Metro and trams will operate a Sunday service from about 11am. Trams 4T and 9 to the ferry terminals will start running earlier in the morning. Commuter trains and the ferry to Suomenlinna will operate a Sunday service right from the morning. Only some U line buses will operate.The timetables of U line buses are available in the Journey Planner and Matkahuolto timetable search. Tram route 4T will operate special timetables between the Katajanokka terminal and Opera from 9am to 11am. From 11am, the tram will operate a normal Sunday service. Tram route 9 will operate special timetables from 6am to 11am and a normal Sunday service from 11am.Night buses will run on the night of Midsummer Day, but only some U line buses will run.Also the following commuter trains will run: I trains from Helsinki at 10.16pm, 10.46pm and 11.46pm I trains from Tikkurila at 11.16pm and 11.46pm N trains from Helsinki at 0.01am, 1.01am, 2.01am and 301am N trains from Kerava at 0.45am, 1.45am, 2,45am and 3.45am T trains from Helsinki at 2.31am and 4.01am H train from Riihimki at 11.14pm T trains from Riihimki at 0.37am and 1.37am and L trains from Helsinki at 2.47am and 3.47am.Additional bus services to Seurasaari on Midsummer EveBus route 24S will provide additional services to Seurasaari from Erottaja. The buses will run every seven minutes. The first bus from Erottaja will leave at 3.04pm and the last bus from Seurasaari will be at 1.31am.Routes 24 and 24S will run in one direction along Paciuksenkatu to Munkkiniemen aukio, Ramsaynranta and Tamminiementie from 12 noon.Diversion route of bus 24onMidsummer EveHSLs service points and Travel InformationHSLs service point at the Central Railway Station will be open on Thursday 18 June until 5pm, the Itkeskus service point until 5.15pm and the Pasila service point until 4pm. All service points will be closed on Midsummer Eve and Midsummer Day as well as on Sunday 21 June.HSL customer service line on 09 4766 4000 will be open on Midsummer Eve and Midsummer Day 9am-5pm.
Read more:
Social Services and Health Care
Helsinki Region Transport HSL
The number of homeless people has been reduced in Helsinki. Their number was 3,500 at year-end 2014, down by 600 since a year before. Homelessness has also been reduced on a long term. The data on homelessness is presented in a report on a programme to reduce long-term homelessness. The report has been reviewed by the Helsinki City Board.The goal of the homelessness programme was to provide 750 dwellings or supported housing units for long-term homeless people in 20122015. The City of Helsinki managed to exceed this goal and provided 973 homeless housing units in 20122014.The City acquired 266 dwellings in rental housing companies and provided 235 youth dwellings and 472 other dwellings. In addition, the City helped to reduce youth homelessness by allocating sites for youth housing construction. Homelessness was also prevented with active resident information.According to a European umbrella organization for actors working on homelessness, Finland is the only European country that manages to reduce homelessness. According to an international expert review published in February 2015, efforts to eradicate homelessness have produced good results in Finland.
There will be changes to the departure bays of some bus routes at the Central Railway Station from Monday 15 June due to works to widen the platforms.In the first phase, bays 10, 11 and 12 will be closed. The buses will use the following departure bays:The first phase of the works will last until Sunday 5 July. There will be other changes when the next phase commences. The Railway Station Square is upgraded in three phases and the works will run until the beginning of August.Bus departure bays at the Central Railway Station15 June - 5 JulyRead more: HSL
HSLs public transport services will switch to summer timetables on Monday 15 June. Summer timetables are already available in the Journey Planner if the search date falls within the summer season. Printable summer timetables have also been published at hsl.fi.The summer timetables run from 15 June to 9 August 2018, with a few exceptions.Changes to bus services from 15 JuneBus 805 (Itkeskus-Myllypuro) will no longer call at Olavinlinnantie and Itkeskus swimming hall.In Sipoo, route 996K will run via Spjutsund during the summer season. The route has one service in each direction Monday to Friday.The following school bus routes stopped running on 1 June: Helsinki internal route 91, Espoo internal routes 70 and 71, and Vantaa internal routes 37, 38, 44, 75 and 88. Also the Sipoo routes 984, 992, 993 and 994 stopped running on 1 June. Route 994K will resume operation on 15 June.U line services switched to summer timetables on 1 June.Routes 58, 58B, 504, 505 and 506 are diverted in Pasila until 21 June.Changes to tram services from 15 JuneTram route 8 will be diverted from 15 June to run along Hmeentie, Sturenkatu, Lntinen Brahenkatu and Helsinginkatu in both directions due to street works on Helsinginkatu. The diversion will remain in place until 9 August.Tram route 9 will be diverted from 27 July to 9 August for the same reason. The tram will run in both directions along Kaarlenkatu, Helsinginkatu, Lntinen Brahenkatu, Sturenkatu and Aleksis Kiven katu.Tram routes 7A and 7B are diverted in Pasila due to street works. Bus 7X replaces the trams between Pasila station and Tl. The diversion will remain in place until 30 August.Changes to Metro services from 15 JuneThe Metro will run every five minutes also during peak times between Ruoholahti and Itkeskus. On the Ruoholahti-Mellunmki line and Ruoholahti-Vuosaari line, the Metro will run every ten minutes. The arrangements are due to the renovation of Myllypuro Metro station, due to which only one track will be in use at the station.Read more: HSL
Only one track will be in use at the Myllypuro Metro station during the summer. The Metro will run every 10 minutes between Mellunmki and Ruoholahti and between Vuosaari and Ruoholahti. On the Itkeskus - Ruoholahti line, the Metro will run every five minutes.The track in the direction of Ruoholahti will be closed from Monday 15 June. The Metro will use the track in the opposite direction from 15 June to 13 July. In other words, the Metro will use the same track in both directions. The track is closed because of tiling work.In mid-July, the works will continue on the opposite side of the platform. The track in the direction of Mellunmki will then be closed and the Metro will use only the track in the direction of Ruoholahti for about one month from mid-July. The tiling work will be completed in August.New entrance to be completed in the summerA new northern entrance will be opened at the Myllypuro station in the summer. The new entrance will be next to the Jauhokuja bridge. Once the construction work is completed, the platform level can be accessed from Jauhokuja by two new lifts and a staircase. Once the northern entrance is completed, works will continue in the Myllyaukio side of the station with renovation of the ticketing hall. The Myllyaukio entrance will be closed during the renovation. Access to the platforms will be via the northern entrance and stairs from Myllypurontie. Accessible entrance will be at the north end of the station (Jauhokuja). The renovation will be completed in spring 2016.HSL
Tram route 8 will be diverted from 15 June to  9 August 2015 due to street works onHelsinginkatu. The tram willnotserve Helsinginkatu between Lntinen Brahenkatu and nor Hmeentie between Helsinginkatu and Sturenkatu.
Thetram will run in both directions alongLntinen Brahenkatu andSturenkatu.The tram will not servethe Helsinginkatu, Srninen (M), Lautatarhankatu, Hauhon puisto and Vallilan varikko stops.
Later in the summer (27 July - 9 August) also tram route 9 will be diverted due to the street works on Helsinginkatu.Diversion route of tram 8 15 June -9 August 2015
Read more: HSL
Helsinkis traditional St. Thomas Christmas Market will be held at the Senate Square from 422 December this year. The market was renewed in many ways last year. On offer were glgi mulled wine, Christmas delicacies and other foods among a wide variety of gift items. The market was a place to meet friends and family. Many visitors came more than once, and the market was especially popular with families.Search for vendorsSt. Thomas Christmas Market is now looking for vendors eager to create the Christmas spirit. Applications are accepted to the end of August. The electronic application form can be found on the website of the Tori Quarters, the organizer of the market. Applications can be submitted either electronically or by mail.The Christmas spirit can be enjoyed at the Senate Square longer than before this year, as the market hours have been extended on request by visitors, and the market will be 2.5 weeks long. The markets cafes and restaurants will stay open to 22 (10 p.m.) on Fridays and Saturdays.
The vending booths were rearranged last year, and their colouring was changed to match the surrounding buildings. The lighting at the square was adjusted to suit the holiday atmosphere, and the market was livened up by various happenings. The 2014 market attracted 200,000 visitors, and a carousel at the centre of the event grounds entertained 36,000 of them.St. Thomas Christmas Market at Senate Square422 DecemberOpen 1120 daily, cafes and restaurants to 22 on Fridays and SaturdaysRead more:
Tori Quarters
Electronic application for vendors (in Finnish)
Health stations open from 8:00 to 16:00Between 1 June and 31 August, Helsinkis health stations will be open on weekdays from 8:00 and 16:00. Evening receptions are not available during the summer.Jakomki, Kivikko, Malminkartano and Suutarila health stations will be closed between 29 June and 2 August. During this time, customers of these health stations will be directed to other health stations as follows:Self-treatment product distribution points are open between 1 June and 31 August from 8:00 to 16:00. The Kivel self-treatment product distribution point will be closed between 29 June and 2 August.Centralised Birth Control Counselling is closed between 6 and 26 July (in urgent matters, please visit your local health station)Some dental clinics are closed during the summerSome of the citys dental clinics will be closed during the summer. The opening hours of dental clinics during the summer can be found on the Department of Social Services and Health Care's website at www.hel.fi/sotekesa Dental care appointment booking is open on weekdays, from 8:00 to 15:00 on the number 09310 51400.In the evenings, at weekends and on holidays, emergency dental care services will be provided at Haartman Hospital at Haartmaninkatu 4, Building 12. Please contact the hospital in advance, tel. 09 310 49999. Nighttime emergency services are provided at the Tl Hospital Emergency Department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 09 471 87708.Maternity and child health servicesThe Jakomki, Kivikko, Palohein and Suutarila maternity and child health clinics will be closed between 29 June and 2 August. During this time, customers of these clinics will be directed to other maternity and child health clinics as follows:All other maternity and child health clinics will remain open throughout the summer. Between 29 June and 2 August, clinics will handle the examinations of expectant mothers, 1-year-old or younger infants as well as other necessary examinations. The appointment booking service for maternity and child health clinics is open on weekdays from 8:00 to 14:00, tel. 09 310 55530.The Open Maternity and Child Health Clinic is closed between 29 June and 14 August The Family Guidance Clinic is closed between 13 and 26 July.Other social and health care servicesThe War Veteran Rehabilitation Office will be closed between 6 July and 2 August and the Home Services Office will be closed between 6 and 19 July.Accident and emergency services available as normal during the summerWhen the health stations are closed in the evenings, at weekends and on holidays, patients in need of urgent care will be treated at the emergency departments of Haartman, Malmi, Jorvi and Peijas hospitals and the Childrens Hospital.Emergency Social Services and Crisis Emergency Support are available throughout the summer. Emergency Social Services , tel. 020 69 6006 and Crisis Emergency Support tel. 09310 44222.24 hr telephone health service  tel. 09 310 10023The telephone health service provides information about health services in Helsinki as well as treatment instructions for illnesses.Read more:Social and Health Care
A vast number of coders will come together for the top-tier Ultrahack 2015 hackathlon, to be held in Helsinki on 89 November. Ultrahack 2015 will develop solutions for challenges presented by both private enterprises and public organizations.
The goal of Ultrahack 2015 is to generate new business and visibility for Finnish programming know-how.
The solutions developed at Ultrahack will be presented in connection of the SLUSH start-up and investor event on the weekend prior to the official SLUSH event days.
The hackathlon weekend will be preceded by a virtual pre-game, intended to ensure that the competition submissions are of high quality and relevant for corporate needs. Both students and corporate teams are welcome to the event, competing in separate categories.Seeking solutions for smart cities
The themes of the challenges to be solved in the competition include the operations of the new Childrens Hospital, smart city environments, traffic and transport services, the Internet of Things, the next generation e-commerce and global charity.
The City of Helsinki is one of Europes leaders in transparency and joins the hackathlon as one of its main partners. The City partners with Open Knowledge Finland in organizing the Smart City & Civic Tech competition, offering competitive challenges to be solved by the developer community.- We believe that innovations emerge from urban contexts, and we heavily emphasize collaboration among developers. The SlushHacks collaboration provides fine support for the activities of Helsinki Loves Developers, utilization of the Citys open datasets and the goals of Helsinki Region Infoshare. We hope that the collaboration will help to create amazing new solutions for smart cities, to multiply these solutions and to generate new business, says Jaakko Salavuo, City of Helsinki Director of Information Technology and Communications.Read more:Ultrahack 2015,Helsinki, 89 November
Slush
Open Knowledge FinlandHelsinki Loves Developers
Helsinki Region Infoshare (HRI)
The City of Helsinki Scientific Award was presented to Professor Maarit Karppinen at the Old City Hall on 5 June. The Scientific Award is worth 10,000 euros and it was presented by Deputy Mayor Ritva Viljanen.Professor Maarit Karppinen is one of the leading researchers of functional oxide materials in the world. These materials can be applied to new energy technologies conducive to environmental conservation. Prof Karppinen and her research group have developed hundreds of new materials which have been used as components in fuel cells and Li ion batteries, among other things.Other materials can be utilised in futures thermoelectric devices enabling the production of pure thermal energy directly from lost heat.Thin films are used in flexible electronicsIn recent years, Prof Karppinen has also studied thin film materials which her research group produces using the Atomic Layer Deposition (ALD) technique developed in Finland. ALD thin film research is an essential part of modern nanotechnology and the method is exploited by several leading technology companies worldwide.The latest developments in ALD thin film research involve applying the method, besides purely inorganic materials, also to hybrid materials combining inorganic material layers to organic layers. Maarit Karppinen is one of the global pioneers in this strand of research. Practical applications for hybrid thin films are sought, for instance, from flexible electronics and next-generation energy technologies.Professor Karppinen has also held a professorship at the Tokyo Institute of Technology which houses a number of renowned research groups in the field of materials research.The City of Helsinki Scientific Award is granted as recognition for important scientific work carried out by a citizen of Helsinki or done in Helsinki.More information:Timo Cantell, Director, City of Helsinki Urban Facts, timo.cantell(at)hel.fi, tel. +358 9 310 73362Maarit Karppinen, Professor, Aalto University, maarit.karppinen(at)aalto.fi, tel. +358 50 384 1726
Helsinki has several sites with small plots for recreational gardens and cabins. These sites are located in a number of neighbourhoods in the Helsinki area. A new garden-and-cabin site has been proposed for Vihti, to be built on City-owned land 36 kilometres from the city centre.The land area of the proposed new site, named Eerolanpalstat, would be 25 hectares. The City of Helsinki Public Works Department is currently investigating the total cost of the project and the best manner of project implementation. The final decision on project implementation, or the postponement of the project to a better time period in the future, will be made by the City Board.If built, Eerolanpalstat would comprise more than 120 plots with recreational cabins available for Helsinki residents. The cabins would be built for year-round use with plumbing. The domestic water would come from the municipal distribution network. The cabin area would be located in old, rural landscape southeast of the Otalammi community between the old Pori road (Vanha Porintie) and Laurintie. The area is very close to the Salmi outdoor recreational area owned by the City of Helsinki. Salmi offers good opportunities for summer and winter sports with its lake shores and terrain for skiing. Salmi also offers access to the Nuuksio National Park.See Eerolanpalstat on the map at the projects website www.eerolanpalstat.fi
From 22th June until 31st August 2015 the cash services at Kallio office building (address Toinen Linja 4 A) are open from 8.30 am to 15.30 pm.At the cash office it possible for example to pay the Helsinki City invoices.
Do you treat your toilet bowl as a waste bin against better knowledge? Join a competition for honest confessions on Facebook organized by Helsinki Region Environmental Services Authority (HSY). The competition is open to 14 June.The makers of the three most honest confessions will be awarded with stylish, white Menu waste bins with pedal operated lids. The bins will help the winners to avoid making waste disposal blunders in the future.The sewer is not for waste disposal. Personal hygiene products, food waste and cooking oils and greases can cause expensive clogs in the sewer drain pipes at homes. When a drain pipe becomes clogged, wastewater will quickly rise from floor drains, sinks and toilets, flooding floors. The result is a foul-smelling mess and a high cleaning bill.A jury named by HSY will evaluate the confessions made in the competition on the basis of their adherence to the theme, and how funny and honest they are.The competition can be joined by all Finnish residents aged 13 and older, with the exception of HSY employees. One contestant can only make one submission in the competition. HSY will remove all irrelevant and offensive submissions.HSY will announce the winners on Facebook by 17 June 2015.Read more
Confessions competition on HSYs Facebook page
Helsinkis public playgrounds offer free lunches for children and young people under 16 during the school summer break until August 11. The lunch service is at 12 noon on every weekday. The menu mostly consists of soups, but there are also some stews. Many of the soups and stews are vegetarian, while others contain meat or fish.For example, the menu for the week 812 June is as follows:Monday Meat soupTuesday Vegetarian soup made with organic dried peasWednesday Fish soup made with rainbow trout in the archipelago styleThursday Chicken and root vegetable soupFriday Feel-good mashed vegetable soup, rhubarb pieThe playgrounds also serve water to drink.Children should bring their own bowls, spoons and cups, which should be washed at home.Read more:Helsinki playgroundsOpen playgrounds and playground hours during summerMenus in Finnish
A joint museum day for the fortresss museums will be celebrated on Gustavs Day, 6 June. On that day there will be free entry to all six of Suomenlinnas museums. At the same time as your visit to the museums you can take part in the museum orienteering.You can visit the museums inexpensively anyway: in the summer season a combined ticket to Suomenlinnas museums is on sale (EUR 18), which is valid all summer.Read more:SuomenlinnaSuomenlinna Museum
Ehrensvrd Museum
Submarine Vesikko
Mange of the Military Museum
Suomenlinna Toy Museum
Customs Museum
Helen Shkverkko will improve the security of electricity supply by upgrading and extending the electricity distribution network. The cable network built between the 1950s and the 1970s will be upgraded in different parts of Helsinki in summer. Helen will be also expanding the district cooling network and upgrading the district heating network in different parts of Helsinki during the summer.During the summer and autumn, several kilometres of cable network built in the 1960s will be upgraded in the centre of Helsinki. At the same time, the Kluuvi substation, which was completed in 2010, will be connected to the power distribution network by building new cable connections.The cable network will be upgraded during the summer and autumn in the district of Kluuvi, in Bulevardi and the adjoining streets, North and South Esplanade, around Pohjoiskaari in Lauttasaari, and in and around Humalistonkatu and Tlnkatu in the district of Tl. The cable network will be also upgraded and the network of overhead lines will be converted to underground cables in Osmontie and Kalervonkatu in the district of Kpyl.Works on the district cooling network will take place in Humalistonkatu, between Nordenskildinaukio and Messeniuksenkatu, in Pieni Roobertinkatu, and in Yrjnkatu and Erottajankatu in the summer season. The district heating network will be upgraded during the summer along Viides Linja, Kalevankatu, in Vaasanpuistikko, along Etelinen Hesperiankatu and Apollonkatu, and in Runeberginkatu and Helsinginkatu.Read more:Street works to upgrade the electricity network in the summerBuilding and upgrading the district cooling and heating networks
The Sugar Girl in Tl is now a part of the HAM collection, new public art was unveiled in Jtksaari and Kide will be removed from its location at Ruoholahti.Viljo Savikurkis The Sugar Girl has been donated to the collection of HAM (Helsinki Art Museum). The sculpture will remain in its original location next to Mannerheimintie as a reminder of the Finnish sugar industry that first began on the shore of Tlnlahti Bay in the 18th century.The Sugar Girl was unveiled by Suomen Sokeri Oy (Finnsugar Ltd) in 1956 in front of its then headquarters to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the Finnish sugar industry. It is a realistic and life-sized bronze sculpture of a young girl offering a lump of sugar to her dog. The sculpture was donated to HAM by Nordic Sugar Oy.First part of Encounters unveiled in JtksaariThe first part of the six-part piece by sculptor Olli Mantere called Encounters has been unveiled in Jtksaari. It is entitled The Twins and located in Kap Horn Square. Mantere used natural stone from Finland and Chile for the two very original elements that make up The Twins.In the first stage, four of the six parts that make up Encounters will be installed on the squares by the Hietasaarenkuja and Jtksaarenkuja streets.Kide to be removed from RuoholahtiKide, which was created in honour of the European Cities of Culture in 2000, will be deconstructed. The piece designed by Peter Ch. Butter, Kari Leppnen and Dusan Jovanovic was originally planned to be exhibited for a maximum of 10 years.
It was commissioned by the Helsinki Festival and comprises nine glass cubes, one of which was located in each of the European Cities of Culture in 2000. In 2002, Kide was donated to the Helsinki Art Museum, which restored it and placed it in a new location on Tammasaarenlaituri in Ruoholahti.
The maintenance and constant repairs to Kide and its electricity bill have been challenging and expensive. Continuous vandalism has also added to the costs. As a result, HAMs Board of Directors has decided to dismantle and remove Kide from the site. This will take place in the near future. The materials will be appropriately recycled.You can also experience HAM outside of the Tennis Palace. HAM takes care of a total of 4,000 works of art belonging to the people of Helsinki, located in Helsinkis parks, streets, offices, health centres, schools and libraries. There are around 250 sculptures that are accessible night or day by the people who live in the city.Read more:Public Art in HelsinkiHAM
At the Katri Vala plant, district cooling is produced with industrial-scale heat pump technology. Picture: HelenHelens district cooling system is used for recovering heat produced by the sun, machines, appliances and people in homes, offices and shopping centres in Helsinki. In the summer season, cooling is primarily produced with the worlds largest heating and cooling plant of its kind and with huge cooling energy storage facilities.With district cooling, surplus solar heat in a property can be processed for utilisation and transmitted further into the district heating network.On the hottest days of the summer, it is possible to recover up to 800,000 kWh of renewable district heat a day with district cooling. This corresponds to the daily need for hot tap water of 250,000 Helsinki residents.The district cooling network in Helsinki already covers the city centre and is expanding to new areas each year. An extensive district cooling system is being built in new districts, such as Jtksaari and Kalasatama, in connection with the construction of the conventional infrastructure.Production and demand elasticity is balanced with gigantic chilled water storage under the Esplanade Park and the district of Pasila. Picture: Helen.The majority, over 60%, of district cooling in Helsinki is produced in the worlds largest heat pump plant of its kind, producing district heat and district cooling. The plant is located in a rock cavern excavated under the Katri Vala Park in the district of Srninen in Helsinki.At the Katri Vala plant, district cooling is produced with industrial-scale heat pump technology. Heat is recovered from the return water of district cooling and from waste water purified in Viikki. The district heat processed from the waste heat that is collected by the district heating system of the Katri Vala heating and cooling plant is sufficient in the summer to meet most of the heating need in the centre of Helsinki.District cooling is also produced at Salmisaari which uses the absorption cooling technology and, in the winter, cold sea water to produce cooling.The need for district cooling varies according to the weather conditions in the summer. Production and demand elasticity is balanced with gigantic chilled water storage under the Esplanade Park and the district of Pasila. The chilled water stays cool throughout the year in these underground water storage facilities.Read more:Helen
The new electricity substation completed at Viikinmki ensures excellent security or supply for electricity distribution in Helsinki. The investment is also in preparation for the increasing power consumption in the city centre. Viikinmki is an important hub in terms of reliable electricity distribution.The new substation is in the immediate vicinity of Lahdenvyl, and the station is recognisable by the yellow landscape portal, which is now known as Viikin Keltakoipi [Yellow Legs of Viikki]. The name came about from a customer competition, which received more than 750 suggestions for names.Helen Shkverkko inaugurated the new Viikinmki 110-kilovolt substation on Wednesday 20 May 2015. The completely modernised substation with its switchgear is built in a compact form, making its space requirement considerably smaller than the previous open switchyard.The steel construction organisation Tersrakenneyhdistys awarded the Viikinmki landscape portal and station building the 2014 steel structure prize. The prize is a prestigious recognition among architecture and construction professionals.The building works of the Viikinmki substation began in spring 2013, and the equipment installations got under way in spring 2014. The cabling and overhead line works were completed during autumn 2014. The investment costs of the Viikinmki substation are about EUR 14 million.
Helsinki Region Transport HSL is planning a new bus network for North West Helsinki. The new bus network will be introduced in autumn 2017. The aim of the route network plan completed this spring is to create a bus network that better meets the current travel needs.The existing bus network in North East Helsinki dates back to about 20 years when the Tikkurila city rail line was opened and train services between Helsinki and Tikkurila were increased. However, the current bus network is not the best possible: on some of the routes, passenger numbers are low and it is difficult to provide regular headways. Two major changes are taking place this year that will significantly affect North East Helsinki. When the Ring Rail Line opens, main line train service increase and trains will run even more frequently also outside peak times to Malmi and Puistola.In addition, a new frequently running trunk bus route 560 (Vuosaari-Myyrmki) will start running via Malmi station providing a new transfer link to East Helsinki.In the planning,the goal has been to create a bus networkthat would provide convenient transport links from North East Helsinki to the city center and would also provide feeder services to train and Metro stations as well as serve journeys within North-East Helsinki. The aim has been to provide regular headways and frequent service on the joint route sections of certain routes.For example, on the joint route sections of routes 71+71B, 73+74, 79+79B and 561+561B, services will run at the most every 10 minutes on Monday-Friday and on Saturdays and every 15 minutes on Sundays.Residents involved in the planningHSL started the planning last autumn. During the course of the work, residents were able to follow the progress of the planning on a blog. In addition, HSL held three residents' meetings to present the plan and get feedback on it.HSL received the most feedback on the proposed changes to routes 69 and 72. On the basis of feedback, HSL decided to continue route 69 and make changes to planned new route of bus 72.Read more:HSL
The state of health of Helsinki residents is better than the national average. However, there is variance among areas in the city. Some parts of Helsinkis main districts show higher than average disability due to incapacity for work, and the mortality rate is higher than the national average.Differences in socioeconomic structures have an effect on the differences in sickness in the main Helsinki districts. Areas of low sickness feature higher than average incomes, lower unemployment rates and higher education levels than areas with higher sickness, which feature lower than average incomes, fewer academic degrees and higher unemployment rates. The Central District of Helsinki features the highest sickness and mortality rates of the city.Local differences remain unchangedHealth differences between Helsinki districts have remained unchanged over recent years but, because of structural changes in services, a chronological comparison can only reveal suggestive information. Chronological changes in sickness also fail to reflect changes in the overall state of health among the population but only how the situation has changed in relation to the national average. At city level, the sickness index of Helsinki has remained level in relation to the rest of Finland for a number of years.The health statistics are based on the sickness and chronic disease indexes for 2013 calculated on the main district level for the City of Helsinki Urban Facts by the national social insurance institution Kela. The sickness index reflects the populations health and sickness in relation to the national average, and it is based on three variables: mortality, the percentage of the population on disability pension and the percentage of the population entitled to subsidized medicines. The chronic disease index reflects the prevalence of chronic diseases among the population studied. The indexes used for the report do not reflect the age and gender structures of the districts.The report on the state of health in Helsinki was prepared and published by the City of Helsinki Urban Facts.
The President of the Republic of Finland Sauli Niinist respects the World Gymnaestrada event and acts as a patron of the World Gymnaestrada 2015 Helsinki. He highlights the significance of the event to the society. With sense of community, civic activism and physical exercise, we can improve general well-being.The World Gymnaestrada Helsinki is a seven days lasting gymnastics festival, where is app. 21 000 participants from 50 different countries. The World Gymnaestrada is held for the first time in Finland, and is in terms of international participants the largest event ever held in Finland from 12th to 18th July 2015.World Gymnaestrada is the largest event ever organised in Finland in terms of international participants. We have two Finnish Presidents involved to the World Gymnaestrada in Helsinki. The President of the Republic of Finland and his wife, the First Lady of Finland, Jenni Haukio are invited to join the event in July. The President of Finland (2000-2012) Tarja Halonen is leading the Support Committee of the World Gymnaestrada 2015.Read more:Gymnaestrada
The West Harbour is a passenger harbour for vessels and cruise ships travelling to Tallinn and St. Petersburg located in Jtksaari in Southwest Helsinki. The harbours new and handsome passenger terminal will be opened as planned in 2017. The first new vessel at the new harbour will be Tallinks quick passenger ship ordered from Meyers shipyard in Turku and completed in 2017.An urban residential area will also be constructed next to the harbour with diverse services and public transport and pedestrian routes. Simultaneously with the reform of the West Harbour, the residential buildings will be constructed in the area. Residential construction will be initiated in almost 20 plots in the area during 2015. By 2030, there will be apartments for 18,000 residents.The construction plans for the new passenger terminal have been refined along the way and, last autumn, its location was changed to the harbours extension area in order for it to serve even better the fast-paced traffic to and from Tallinn.The harbours objective is to transfer all the traffic in the harbour area into the extension area in the spring of 2016 when the current passenger car control points will be located there.Last year, a total of 6.2 million passengers visited the West Harbour and the numbers continue to grow slightly. The changes at the West Harbour are already also visible to travellers. The construction of the Clarion hotel initiated in March has caused changes in Tyynenmerenkatu and traffic has been redirected via Lnsisatamankatu and Vlimerenkatu to the Crusellinsilta bridge and Ruoholahti.Read more:Port of Helsinki Magazine
The Grand Academic Dinner Party (Thursday 28.5.2015, 17:00-22:00) on Senate Square will now be organised for the second time. Several hundred participants will sit down to enjoy dinner in the open air, accompanied by various cultural performances, entertaining speeches and happy sing-alongs.Such dinners are part of traditional academic festivities. This time student organisations, representatives of the City of Helsinki, University staff and Helsinki residents will sit down together for the grand dinner. Everyone is invited to join in the singing and to finish the party with dancing.Remember to wear your student cap!
University of Helsinki 375 years
Social assistance telephone information and advice From 25 May. New service hours and telephone numbers for benefit processing. MonFri, 9am12 noon (previously 910am):Telephone information and advice to support youSocial assistance paymentPayment information and advice can answer queries about completed decisions, MonFri 8.15am4pm, tel. 09 3104 3857.New customersSocial assistance is applied for from the service office of your residential area. The phone hours for the social workers are: MonFri, 910am. More information is available from www.hel.fi/en or tel. 09310 5015/ switchboard.Electronic services
It is also possible to apply for social assistance electronically at https://asiointi.hel.fi. By submitting your social assistance application electronically, you can ensure that the processing of your application begins immediately.
The Finnish Defence Force military bands perform a series of exciting free public concerts during the summer months in Helsinki. The main event is the Guards Parade, a ceremonial performance that dates back to the 18th century.The ceremony includes the changing of the guard next to the presidential palace, at the Main Guard House, and a colourful parade through the city featuring marching bands. Visitors can also sit back and enjoy concerts performed by the military bands on the Esplanade stage at 2 pm.On Fridays at 12-3 pm (Guards Parade at 12.30 - 2 pm, concert at 2-3 pm).Read more:Finnish Defence Froce
The Museum of Finnish Architecture will dedicate the coming summer to gardens and their power to articulate mood and space. Down the stairs to a shady grove presents Finnish gardens from the 18th century to the present day, highlighting the subtle interplay that exists between architecture, gardens and the natural landscape. The exhibition is intended for visitors of all ages with an interest in architecture, gardens and landscapes starting from May 27th.
Urban garden in the MFA courtyard
The exhibition will spill over into the MFA courtyard in the form of a relaxing urban garden and an experimental wooden pavilion designed and built by students from the Aalto University Wood Program. The urban garden will come alive this summer with a varied programme of open lectures, lunches, yoga, musical performances and various other interdisciplinary events. Guided walks will also be included in the exhibition programme.The Sie pavilion was designed for the Museum of Finnish Architecture to provide a covered space for workshops, lectures, eating and lounging in the center of the city during the summer months. The architecture of the pavilion makes reference to garden pavilions and gazebos as well as gothic architecture and the dense space of the forest. It uses bent and twisted wooden elements to create an intricate lattice-work of structure and a welcoming canopy for a variety of activities. The complex geometry of the building is achieved by bending high quality pine and fixing it together using joints of CNC-cut birch plywood.Read more:Museum of Architecture
Over the weekend of 23-24 May, the World Village Festival gathers people to the Kaisaniemi Park and the Rautatientori square. The Open Finland tent offers information and activities for immigrants and other city dwellers on Rautatientori. Participate, check out and influence  Helsinki, in your own language!
On Rautatientori, it is possible to get to know the multilingual information service and try out Infochat. At the Open Finland tent, it is possible to get tips on how to use Infopankki. The Finnishcourses.fi service can be used for finding a language course. At the tent, visitors can also acquaint themselves with the Kerro kantasi (tell your opinion) and Kerro kartalla (tell it on the map) services, the City of Helsinki feedback system and the Helsinki channel.
Cultures from all over the world meet again in the centre of Helsinki on 2324 May at World Village Festival. The theme of the 2015 festival is development. The regional focus on this year's programme is on Africa and the Middle East.There are about 450 exhibitors at the festival.The festival offers world views and possibilities, as well as music, circus, dance, theatre, art and activities. It offers new perspectives on tolerant multiculturalism, development cooperation, global issues and expanding one's possibilities for affecting everyday life.The main organiser of World Village Festival is the Kepa, which is an umbrella organisation for nearly 300 development organisations or other CSOs working on issues concerning development and globalisation.Read more:World Village FestivalFinnishcourses.fi
Helsinki-kanava
Infochat
infopankki
Virka-info
The Helsinki Art Museum, HAM, looks after an art collection that belongs to the people of Helsinki, which includes over 9,000 works of art. Almost half of these works are on display in parks, streets, offices, health centres, schools and libraries, to brighten up everyones day. HAM draws attention to modern art and contemporary art in its exhibitions which are held principally at the Tennis Palace. The refurbished HAM will open on 25 September.HAM will be exhibiting the works of one of the worlds most influential artists, Chinese artist Ai Weiwei. The works of art will be exhibited for the first time in Finland and two of the pieces will have their world premiere.The Ai Weiwei @ Helsinki exhibition will fill the large galleries on the upper floor of HAM with installations, sculptures and photographs. Visitors can enjoy the works of art by the Chinese human rights activist from a purely visual perspective, but the background information will provide a completely new dimension to the works.The 100 years of Taidesalonki exhibition celebrates the centenary of Finlands oldest art gallery that is still in operation, Taidesalonki that was established by Leonard Bcksbacka. The exhibition highlights the most original paintings from over the past 100 years from Ellen Thesleff and Tyko Sallinen to Viggo Wallenskld.An art collection belonging to the people of Helsinki will be exhibited on the lower floor of the Helsinki Art Museum. The Aftermath exhibition by artist duo IC-98, who currently successfully represents Finland at the Venice Biennale, is made up of two animations and 13 computer-aided pencil drawings.The HAM gallery presents new Finnish art and up-and-coming artists. The exhibitions are selected with an application procedure and each exhibition is displayed for seven weeks. The exhibitions at the HAM gallery are always free.Works by Reija Merilinen (b.1987) will be exhibited at the HAM gallerys opening exhibition En Garde.Read more:HAMFacebookTwitterInstagram
Aalto Festival showcases the talents of Aalto University students, graduates and faculty in Helsinki and Espoo. Aalto Festival is a collection of over 30 events, exhibitions, and seminars, showcasing the talents of Aalto University students, graduates and faculty. The festival takes place in Espoo and Helsinki 18-31 May 2015.See the full festival programme at Aalto Festival's website www.aaltofestival.fi.
Summer is almost here. Young people in Helsinki with nothing to do during the summer should check out the City of Helsinki Youth Departments summer activities offering. Many of the summer camps and courses still have not filled up.To learn what is available, go to the activities search at Harrastushaku.fi and find many great summer activities, ranging from a karting camp to a DJ course to urban adventures to city gardening. The easiest way to learn about the camps and courses listed below is by keyword search.Highlights of summer camps:The Tattarisuo traffic training course organizes a karting camp for 10- to -13-year-olds. The programme includes theory and driving. First-timers are given priority. Keyword: KartingleiriThe Kontula Youth Activity Centre Luuppi repeats its popular DJ beginners course in June. Professional DJs acquaint course participants in vinyl turntables, cd players, mixing and other DJ tricks. Keyword: Dj-kurssiThe Kumpula school garden camp for 7- to 13-year-olds Salaisuuksien puutarha (The secret garden) observes and examines the garden environment with the help of art. The camp also acquaints participants in gardening. Keyword: Salaisuuksien puutarhaIn the Pakettimatkat (Package tours) course in Malminkartano, aimed at 9- to 12-year-olds, participants choose their favourite programme packages and spend the entire week exploring the themes of their chosen packages. Keyword: PakettimatkatThe Torpparinmki Youth Centres day camps provide many fun activities for 9- to 12-year-olds in the first weeks of the summer break: ball and other games, how to grow flowers and other plants, competitions, and excursions to places like Helsinki Zoo. There are chocolate courses, online gaming and an overnight camp. Keyword: TorpparinmkiThe stersundom Youth Centre holds a Funny Beach Camp for 9- to 14-year-olds with games, handicrafts, cooking, camping skills, swimming and excursions. Keyword: Funny Beach CampOnly the imagination sets the limits at the Roihuvuori Youth Centres film camp, in which a short film is produced in the centres neighbourhood. Over two weeks, participants can script, direct, act, sound record, operate the camera and edit. The camp, aimed at 13- to 23-year-olds, culminates in the screening of the film. Keyword: LeffaleiriThe Amazing Metro Race is an urban adventure for 12- to 14-year-olds in June. Participants complete tasks in different parts of Helsinki and look for places and items according to clues. Keyword: Amazing metro raceThe Rastila Youth Centre holds summer camps in Swedish for 3rd to 6th graders. The programme includes games, handicraft and excursions. Keyword: Rastis sommarlgerThe Kivikko Youth Centre organizes cooking, baking and excursions at the Kokkis day camp in the second week of June. Keyword: Kivikon kokkisCampfire stick bread, swimming under the summers sun, ghost stories in a summer tent. The Tsemppis! summer camp for 10- to 17-year-olds is held at the Bengtsr camping island from 29 June to 5 July. Keyword: Tsemppis!Read more:Search activitiesYouth Department
The construction of the Kalasatama centre is now underway. Named REDI, the Kalasatama centre will be a major hub of commerce, transport and housing for this new Helsinki inner-city district.The REDI development will require temporary arrangements on the Itvyl expressway and the roads of Junatie and Hermannin rantatie starting on 5 May. The detours will be in place to 2017.Traffic arrangements caused by the REDI construction siteChanges to bus routes and stops in Kalasatama from 5 MayDetoursThe Itvyl traffic will be diverted to a detour around the construction site. Itvyl will have three lanes to each direction throughout the temporary traffic arrangements. Traffic on Hermannin rantatie will be diverted at the construction site. Traffic will no longer pass under the Kalasatama metro station, and traffic from Hermannin rantatie to the city centre will flow on Vanha talvitie, and traffic to Itvyl will flow through a new conjunction, which will also lead traffic from the city centre to Hermannin rantatie and from Pasila to Hermannin rantatie.PhasesTraffic will move to detours step by step.Pedestrians and cyclistsThe main change affecting pedestrians and cyclists is the closing of a pedestrian and cycling route on the north side of Suvilahti. Pedestrians and cyclists will be rerouted to Parrukatu.Public transportThere will be no changes to metro transport, and the metro passengers are guided to the Kalasatama metro station throughout the temporary traffic arrangements. However, the metro station entrance from Itvyl will be closed on 19 May. There will be changes to the areas bus routes and bus stops, which will be announced on the Helsinki Region Transport (HSL) website.Further in the futureThe temporary traffic arrangements will be in place to 2017, after which the Itvyl traffic will return to its current course and will pass through REDI. Itvyl will move onto the new bridge that the metro has been using since 2012. Itvyl will be covered by a green deck that will form a park. The construction site and the detour will be protected by a closed fence that will also act as a noise barrier for residents and passers-by near Itvyl.Read moreTraffic arrangements caused by the REDI construction siteMore about KalasatamaREDI constructionMore about REDI
Idyllic island restaurants are a vital part of Helsinkis unique restaurant culture. The archipelago of Helsinki provides a beautiful setting for summer dining.The menus feature aromatic archipelago treats, as well as stylish gourmet dishes. Island restaurants are very popular on weekends and during the crayfish season at the end of summer, so reservations are recommended.Ferries to the island restaurants operate from the beginning of May to the end of September.Read more:Visit HelsinkiWater transport
Online sexual harassment to be addressed in the school curriculum. An anti-racism certificate to be created. These were two of the action plans produced in a decision makers meeting between young people in Helsinki and political decision makers, held at the Happi youth activity centre of the City of Helsinki Youth Department in April. The event was attended by more than 100 young people.The decision makers meeting is an event that gathers together young people and decision makers. The meeting enables a dialogue, which forms a key part of the young peoples participation system Ruuti. The April meeting produced an altogether 33 action plans.The young people and decision makers attending the 2015 decision makers meeting drew up their joint action plans from among eight current and important themes selected by the Ruuti core group. The participants agreed on how to proceed with the plans and who is in charge in each activity. The meeting emphasized equal treatment and distribution of information to all young people.The next opportunity for an intermediary review of the process will be at the major young peoples meeting RuutiExpo, to be held at the City Hall on 5 November 2015.Read more:RuutiYouth Department
Terminus of tram 4 at the Katajanokka terminal, bus 4X runs to MerisotilaantoriTram 4 will have its terminus at the terminus of tram route 4T (stop number 0420) at the Katajanokka terminal form 15 May to 13 June due to track work on Merikasarminkatu.Bus 4X will run from the terminal to the Merisotilaantori terminus of tram 4.The same tickets are accepted on bus 4X as on trams, i.e. also mobile tickets and tram tickets purchased from ticket machines or with Travel Card are accepted. Also all other HSL tickets valid in Helsinki (Helsinki internal ticket, regional ticket, three-zone extended regional ticket as well as Helsinki internal and regional day tickets) are accepted on the bus.Helsinki Region TransportTram route 1A diverted for a month from 16 MayTram route 1Awill be diverted from Saturday16 May due to excavation work on Permiehenkatu. Instead of turning around at its terminus on Pursimiehenkatu the tram runsviaTehtaankatu, Fredrikinkatu, Bulevardi, Mannerheimintie, Aleksanterinkatu, Market Square, Katariinankatu andSnellmaninkatuto its normal route.The diversion is expected to remain in place until 15 June.Helsinki Region Transport
During the summer, Helen Ltd will donate EUR 3,000 to ten events or projects that promote positive energy in one way or another.The summer campaign will be organised in co-operation with Helen and Bassoradio. An expert panel with members from Helen and Bassoradio will decide on awarding the grants. When making its choices, the panel looks at, e.g. the number of likes received by the applications and their popularity in social media. The diversity and responsibility of projects and their urban cultural value in particular are rated highly by the panel.The worlds best city energy grants will be awarded on a weekly basis, starting from week 21 until 31 July 2015. Events and projects can be voted online at helen.fi/kaupunkienergiaa, and the most interesting candidates will have an opportunity to tell about their project in the Keskipiv programme on Bassoradio. Basso will also broadcast selected events live.Read more:Helen
Almost 3,000 solar panels will be built in the Helsinki district of Kivikko. These panels will fill an area of about one hectare on the roof of the Kivikko Ski Hall.The Kivikko solar panels will be sold as designated panels at a monthly fee of EUR 4.40. The actual sale of designated panels will start later, but it is already possible to reserve your own designated panel online at helen.fi/aurinkovoimala. The electricity generated by the customers designated panel will be deducted from the electricity bill, and therefore you need to have an electricity contract with Helen to acquire panels.On completion, the Suvilahti solar power plant built by Helen in winter 2015 was the largest in Finland. The new Kivikko solar power plant will be more than twice the size of the Suvilahti plant. The Kivikko solar power plant will also be among the largest on the Nordic scale.The output of the Kivikko solar power plant will exceed 800 kW while the output of the Suvilahti plant is 340 kW. Therefore, the total output of Helens solar power plants will be well over one megawatt. The annual production of the Kivikko solar power plant will reach almost 800 megawatt-hours. This corresponds to the annual consumption of almost 400 one-bedroom apartments.The new solar power plant will be built on the roof of the Kivikko Ski Hall. The roof is well suited for solar power production: it is large and slightly sloped, and it is not overshadowed from any direction. The Kivikko solar power plant will be completed for production use in autumn 2015.
Guggenheim Helsinki Now: Six Finalist Designs Unveiled, a free exhibition that unveils the final designs submitted by the six shortlisted teams in the Guggenheim Helsinki Design Competition.Visitors to the exhibition will be invited to explore interactive installations that present analyses and interpretations of the data compiled from all 1,715 competition submissions, take a look at fifteen designs awarded honorable mentions by the jury, and learn more about the potential impact and programs of the proposed museum. A series of talks, events, and workshops designed to engage a range of age groups will extend the exhibition content.The winning design will be announced in June 2015. The final decision on the construction and development of Guggenheim Helsinki will be made by Helsinki City Council.Open till 16 May. Tue, Thu, Fri 11-18, Wed 11-20, Sat-Sun 11-17 and Mon closed, Nervanderinkatu 3. Free entrance!Read more:KunsthalleExhibitionEvents
Health stations are closed on Thursday 14 May. Any other day health stations are open Monday - Friday 8 - 16 (wed 8 - 18).24 h Telephone Health Service, Tel. 09 310 10023
Information is provided about Helsinkis health services and treatment instructions 24 hours a day at the cost of a normal phone call.In life-threatening emergencies  call 112
In the event of a severe and life-threatening illness or accident situation at any time of the day, call 112 for help.Health stations
Health stations are closed on Thursday 14 May.
Any other day health stations are open Mon - Fri 8 - 16 (wed 8 - 18).Emergency servicesWhen local health stations are closed, patients in need of urgent care are treated by emergency services.Adults (over 16 years of age)Haartman Hospital and Emergency Room, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12, tel. 09 310 63231 and Malmi Hospital and Emergency Room, Talvelantie 6J, tel. 09 310 67204.ChildrenChildren's Hospital Emergency Clinic, Stenbckinkatu 11, tel. 09 87 10023.When local health stations are closed, residents of Helsinki with serious illnesses and in urgent need for care can also go to the Jorvi Hospital emergency room in Espoo, Turuntie 150, tel. 09 4711. Residents of Helsinki can also go the the Peijas Hospital emergency room in Vantaa, Sairaalakatu 1, Vantaa, tel. 09 471 67060.Emergency Dental CareEmergency dental care is provided on Ascension Day 9 - 21 at Haartman Hospital, Haartmaninkatu 4, building 12. Appointments can be booked 8 - 21 at 09 310 49999. Night emergency duty is at Tl hospital emergency department, Tlnkatu 40, tel. 09 471 87708.Please always make an appointment by phone before seeking treatment for Emergency Dental Care.Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support 24/7
Emergency Social Services and Crisis emergency support serve 24/7 also during Ascension Day. Emergency Social Services tel. 020 696 006 and Crisis emergency support tel. 09 310 44222.
Read more:
Social Services and Health Care
The Yl-Malmi bus terminal will be closed from 2pm on 12 May due to bridge work.All bus routes serving the terminal will run past the terminal and stop at temporary bus stops located on Latokartanontie and Kirkonkylntie. The terminal is expected to remain closed until early August.Malmi to become a trunk route node  renovation of the bus terminal startsThe Malmi station bus terminal will be closed from 2pm on Tuesday 12 May due to bridge work. Bus routes running via the Malmi terminal will stop at replacement stops on Latokartanontie by Pekanraitti. In addition, the taxi station will move to a temporary location on the Malmi overpass.The arrangements apply to all bus routes running via the Malmi terminal in both directions.Replacement stops are located on Latokartanontie about 100 meters from the terminal. The stops are marked with C, D, E and F letter codes.Picture of stopsPedestrian access from the train station to Latokartanontie and Kirkonkylntie is along the edge of the bus terminal.During the terminal closure, the Kirkonkylntie bridge crossing the tracks is repaired and the terminal is refurbished to improve the operation of the terminal. In addition, new bus bays are constructed, for example for the trunk route 560 scheduled to start running in the autumn.Also the Malmin tori stop for westbound buses is refurbished.The Malmi terminal, Malmi station overpass as well as Latokartanontie and Kirkonkylntie between Torikatu and Pekanraitti will be improved in three phases, according to current estimated by the end of 2015. The first phase, during which the buses stop at the temporary bus stops, is expected to last until 9 August.In the second phase, the buses will return to the refurbished terminal and car and pedestrian traffic will move to the north side of the bridge.In the third phase, the northern lane on the bridge will be closed and traffic will be running on the south side of the bridge.Read more:Helsinki Region Transport
More of the highly popular park walksThe City of Helsinki Public Works Department continues its highly popular, free-of-charge park walks during the summer season from May to late September. These guided walks allow everybody opportunities to explore Helsinki.The walks take about two hours. The language of the walks is Finnish. The guides use sound amplification. The guides are all specialists and represent the Public Works Department and the park and forest section of the Gardenia nature education centre. Some of the walks are dramatic events, in which actors and other specialists play roles of historical characters.MayWednesday 13 May at 18: Sakura  cherry park and Japanese-style garden. Leaves from the park sign (between Sahaajankatu and Abraham Wetterintie)Wednesday 20 May at 18: Spring in Viikki Arboretum. Leaves from Gardenia, Koetilantie 1Monday 25 May at 18: City Garden, the home of summer flowers. Leaves from the Winter Gardens front yard, Hammarskildintie 1 aWednesday 27 May at 18: Spring flowers in Haltiala and Niskala. Leaves from the Haltiala domestic animal farm, Kuninkaantammentie/LaamannintieJuneWednesday 3 June at 18: Contemporary park aesthetics in Vuosaari. Leaves from Mustakivenpuisto park at PohjavedenkatuWednesday 10 June at 18: Gardenias peonies and ideas for home gardens. Leaves from Gardenia, Koetilantie 1Thursday 11 June at 17 and 19: Alpine roses, the gift of the Himalayas to the world. Leaves from the information board at the Alppiruusunpuisto park, the end of LaajasuontieTuesday 16 June at 18: Care and history of Central Park. Leaves from the Palohein Golf caf, Kuusmiehentie 13Wednesday 17 June at 18: Dramatic walk with Aurora Karamzin and Henrik Borgstrm at the Tlnlahti bay. Leaves from the park at the corner of Helsinginkatu and VauhtitieWednesday 24 June at 18: Splendor of roses at the Maaherranpuisto park and Gardenia. Leaves from Maaherranpuisto at the Prisma supermarket, PihlajamentieThursday 25 June at 18: Stories of Kallio parks  Josafat, Tauno and Katri Vala. Leaves from the top of the Josafat rocks, corner of Josafatinkatu and WallininkatuJulyWednesday 1 July at 16 and 18: Roses for city people, Meilahti Rosarium. Leaves from the Arboretum parking lot, JohannesbergintieWednesday 15 July at 18: Mid-summer flowers at Gardenia. Leaves from Gardenia, Koetilantie 1AugustWednesday 5 August at 18: From the 19th century to present, from Annala to Tapio Wirkkala. Leaves from Annala, Hmeentie 154Wednesday 19 August at 18: Fragrance of herbs and flowers of late summer. Leaves from Gardenia, Koetilantie 1Thursday 20 August at 16:30 and 18:30: Topelius meets Sibelius, a dramatic walk. Leaves from the Topelius park, behind the Tl church Vlskrinkatu/TopeliuksenkatuWednesday 26 August at 18: Care and history of Central Park. Leaves from the Palohein Golf caf, Kuusmiehentie 13SeptemberWednesday 16 September at 18: Autumn at Viikki Arboretum. Leaves from Gardenia, Koetilantie 1Sunday 27 September at 12 noon: The day of the tree  stories of the Central Park with Auntie Green and other tree experts (suitable for families). Leaves from Kaivohuone in Kaivopuisto park, Iso puistotie 1
The renewed menu develops the current range of foods offered to meet the eating habits of children as well as possible. The key guiding aspects in the development work have been the nutritional quality of the food, the range of foods offered, the pedagogical meaning of eating, and tasty food.
As a result of the update, some 330 municipal day-care centres around Helsinki will have a similar menu in use. The new menus will be published during the summer and updated on the website of the Department of Early Education and Care.The update work is based on an extensive review charting the opinions of children, parents and care staff on favourite foods, the visual appearance and taste of foods, breakfast and snack selection, theme and holiday menus, and more.Read more:Daycare in daycare centres
Helsinki region came out on top in the European BEST (Benchmarking in European Service of Public Transport) survey for the fifth time running. The survey measures resident satisfaction with local public transport. In 2014, Helsinki Region Transport HSL area got the best overall rating in the survey. The other cities included were Bergen, Geneva, Copenhagen, Oslo and Stockholm.The overall satisfaction of HSL area residents has been about 80 percent since 2010 when HSL was established. In 2014, 79 percent of residents were satisfied with public transport in the area. The next most satisfied residents were in Geneva (75%) and Stockholm (74%). The least satisfied residents were found in Copenhagen (54%) and Bergen (51%).Comparing to the other BEST cities, the HSL area fared particularly well in terms of public transport loyalty (78% satisfied), which measures peoples willingness to recommend the use of public transport to others. In the HSL area, public transport offers better value for money than in the other cities. Nevertheless, satisfaction with the value for money has decreased over the past years. Over the same time period, there have been increases in some ticket prices in the HSL area.The HSL area received good ratings for almost all factors in the survey. The areas public transport got below average ratings only for factors relating to staff behavior. To improve satisfaction, HSL has held training sessions for over 8,400 drivers since 2010 with the aim of improving their customer service skills. Satisfaction with driver behavior has improved from 2010 (56% satisfied) to 2014 (62% satisfied).The BEST survey is a commensurate survey on the quality of public transport services in the participating cities. In Finland, a total of 1,900 respondents from all HSLs member municipalities participated in the survey.Read more:HSL
The museum is renamed HAMWe will be able to offer residents and visitors a new type of museum experience from next autumn onwards, says Maija Tanninen-Mattila, Director of Helsinki Art Museum in Tennis Palace, HAM for short. Our exhibition space will be larger and more functional than before. Our new museum concept including museum services deserves a new, unforgettable name. One of Helsinki Art Museums goals is to make its collection more accessible to its real owners, the citizens of Helsinki.Our main goals are of course the museum content, the type of exhibitions and the way we manage to bring art close to people, Tanninen-Mattila continues.The new name HAM to be used in museum marketing was approved by Helsinki City Board on 20 April 2015.
HAM can afford to be funnySeveral surveys show that Helsinki Art Museum in Tennis Palace used to be easily mixed up with other area museums. The short and pithy name HAM distinguishes the museum from other museums and works both in Finnish and in other languages. HAM can be seen to refer to such distinguished people as the mother of the beloved Finnish artist and author Tove Jansson, Signe Ham Hammarsten-Jansson. In the Cyrillic alphabet, the word reads ours and us. Internationally, HAM has already been the abbreviation of Helsinki Art Museum.The name change was prepared with care, taking into account expert views and with awareness of the many different aspects of the name. The museum has followed the lively discussion aroused by the name with enjoyment.The public discussion about the museum name shows that the museum is close to the hearts of our citizens. Together with many spontaneously expressed name proposals, people communicated an amazing amount of personal recollections, Tanninen-Mattila comments.HAMs concept and exhibition programme to be published before summerHelsinki Art Museums Tennis Palace branch was closed for renovation on 14 July 2014. The renovation has doubled the museums exhibition and visitor space from 1,400 to 2,800 square metres. Special attention has been paid to accessibility, functionality and services. The Kluuvi Gallery branch of Helsinki Art Museum will relocate to HAM from its current premises on Unioninkatu. The new museum will open doors in September 2015.We have been working on HAMs opening exhibitions for a long time already, and we will soon be able to talk more about the overall concept and exhibition programme. We will definitely display our art collection, which belongs to the citizens of Helsinki although it is managed by us, more extensively than before, Tanninen-Mattila promises.
Read more:Helsinki Art Museum
The Helen Group met its financial targets in the early part of the year and achieved a good result although district heat revenues were down due to the mild winter. Helen continued to invest in increasing renewable energy. Finlands largest solar power plant started production, and the first customers in Kalasatama received the new home automation devices.Helens result was in line with plans. Turnover totalled EUR 260 million and operating profit stood at EUR 86 million. Due to a very mild winter, district heat sales fell by 8% on the previous year to 2,367 GWh. District cooling sales increased by 11% to 21 GWh. Helen will continue to strongly increase its district cooling business.The electricity sales volume grew by 3% (2,350 GWh). Electricity distribution in Helsinki fell by 2% to 1,179 GWh.Read more:Helen
Helsinki is served by a number of ferry operators. They offer residents and visitors ample opportunities to enjoy the islands of Helsinki, operating on 17 routes in summer 2015. The routes, timetables and fares vary by the operator.Service to many islands started at the beginning of May: Korkeasaari (the home of Helsinki Zoo), Liuskasaari, Sirpalesaari, Srkk-Harakka, Suomenlinna, Valkosaari and Uunisaari.Helsinkis 300 islands
The coastal areas of Helsinki have about 300 islands. One quarter of them are owned by the City of Helsinki and offer plenty of outdoor opportunities for all. Many of the publicly accessible islands are served by restaurants, and many others have places for open fires. Fishing is allowed on most publicly accessible islands, but a fishing licence is required except for angling and ice fishing.The sea area off the coast of Helsinki is home to approximately 60 species of fish, including the brown trout, zander and whitefish.Cooking at grill shelters
The City of Helsinki-maintained islands are equipped with grill shelters available to all for cooking free of charge. The Kaunissaari and Pihlajasaari grill shelters are complete with logs, but other islands require visitors to bring their own logs. The following islands are equipped with grill shelters: Eestiluoto, Elisaari, Kaivokari, Kaunissaari, Kotiluoto, Villaluoto, Krmeluoto, Malkasaari, Pihlajasaari and Pihlajaluoto.The following outdoor resorts are also equipped with grill shelters: Karjakaivo, Luukkaa, Lhteel, Pirttimki and Salmi.
Read more:Ferries to islands
The Viapori dockyard in Suomenlinna boasts almost three centuries of uninterrupted activity. Where once galleys and war frigates were built, today ships with historical significance are repaired or restored. The Viapori dockyard is a place where the future is built on historical foundations.The photo exhibition leads the public to discover the dockyard, telling about men and ships sounds and music create the atmosphere of the place. The historical section of the exhibition presents the history of traditional wooden sailing ships from the beginning of the 20th century to the 1970s. The photographs of Jacopo Brancati tell about the passion, skill and friendship that keep a few of these ships aliveThe photo exhibition is in the Suomenlinna Museum. Museums entrance fee: adults 6,5/5 , children 7-17 years 4 , children under 7 years free. Free admission with Helsinki Card.The exhibition has been produced by Viaporin Telakka Association.Read more:Viapori was inscribed into the UNESCO World Heritage List in 1991.
Helsinki City Library gets an own car from Helsinki metro in May.In the library car the passengers can for example loan something to read from a book trolley and listen too audio books and short stories.The library car is produced in association with Helsinki City Library and Helsinki City Transport's Taidelinja  a culture festival open to all.ProgramThe library car number is 113 and the passengers will recognize it from the library texts.The passengers can write odes for library and send them to social media with #oodikirjastolle (transl. Ode for the library).During Mondays the passengers can listen to audio books: 11th, 18th., 25th May and 1st June between 2pm - 3pm.During Wednesdays, 6th., 13th., 20th. and 27th May, there is a book trolley in the car and the passengers can loan something to read. There is also additional program during Wednesdays.Helsinki City Library wants to remind the citizens of all the numerous services it offers and to bring the library where the people are.Read more:Taidelinja  a culture festival open to all.City Library
